id,title,text,label
1503,"Applause, laughter as wounded lawmaker Scalise returns to Congress","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Members of the U.S. House of Representatives put bitter party divisions aside for a long standing ovation on Thursday as Representative Steve Scalise returned for the first time since he was shot and wounded in June. Leaning on a cane but walking on his own, Scalise, 51, entered a packed House chamber to applause and loud cheers from his fellow members of Congress. “You have no idea how great this feels to be back here at work in the people’s House,” said Scalise, the No. 3 Republican in the chamber, standing at a desk in the Republican section  after he was greeted with hugs and high-fives from members of his own party and Democrats. He thanked the Capitol police officers he credited with saving his life, world leaders who had contacted him and members of his medical team, who were sitting in the crowded visitors gallery overlooking the House floor. House Speaker Paul Ryan’s voice cracked as he introduced Scalise. “The chair wishes to mark the return of our dear friend and colleague from Louisiana, Mr. Steve Scalise,” Ryan said. “Our prayers have been answered.” Scalise gave an emotional speech, interrupted by frequent applause, thanking his family and referring to innate optimism he partly attributed to being from Louisiana, referring to the attitude of “joie de vivre” (joy of life) in a state with a heavy French influence.  “When I come back into this chamber today, just seeing the faces of all of you, it just means more than you can imagine,” Scalise said. Scalise was among Republican lawmakers attacked June 14 in the Washington suburb of Alexandria, Virginia, by a gunman who opened fire on them while they were practicing for a charity baseball game against Democrats. He underwent repeated surgeries before being released from the hospital in late July. Scalise was shot in the hip by a gunman who had a history of posting angry messages against Republican President Donald Trump. ",1
1504,House budget chief expects budget resolution approval in October 5 vote,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Budget Committee Chairman Diane Black said on Thursday Republican had enough votes to pass a fiscal 2018 budget resolution which is needed to move tax reform legislation forward, adding that she expects the House to vote on Thursday, Oct. 5. “I think we’re going to absolutely have the votes,” the Tennessee Republican told Reuters. “People are excited about tax reform.” By passing a budget resolution, Congress would unlock a legislative tool known as reconciliation, which Republicans need to move tax legislation through the Senate with a simple majority of 51 votes. They control the chamber by a 52-48 margin and would need 60 votes for passage without reconciliation.   ",1
1505,House to vote on federal budget next week: House Speaker Ryan,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives will vote on the federal budget next week, U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday, adding that passing legislation on government spending will help clear the way for action on taxes. “We’re bringing it to the floor next week in the House,” Ryan told CNBC in an interview. ",1
1506,"Facebook, Google, Twitter asked to testify on Russian meddling","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Executives from Facebook, Alphabet Inc’s Google and Twitter have been asked to testify to the U.S. Congress in coming weeks as lawmakers probe Russia’s alleged interference in the 2016 U.S. election, committee sources said on Wednesday. A Senate aide said executives from the three firms had been asked by the Senate Intelligence Committee to appear at a public hearing on Nov. 1. The leaders of the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee said the panel would hold an open hearing next month with representatives from unnamed technology companies in an effort to “better understand how Russia used online tools and platforms to sow discord in and influence our election.” Representatives for Facebook and Google confirmed they had received invitations from the Senate committee but did not say whether the companies would attend. Twitter did not immediately respond to requests for comment. The House panel did not immediately identify any companies, but a committee source said lawmakers expected to hear from the same three firms the Senate had asked to testify. The requests are the latest move by congressional investigators to gain information from internet companies as they probe the extent of Moscow’s alleged efforts to disrupt last year’s U.S. election. Lawmakers in both parties have grown increasingly concerned that social networks may have played a key role in Russia’s influence operation. Facebook revealed this month that suspected Russian trolls purchased more than $100,000 worth of divisive ads on its platform during the 2016 election cycle, a revelation that has prompted calls from some Democrats for new disclosure rules for online political ads. On Wednesday, Trump attacked Facebook in a tweet and suggested the world’s largest social network had colluded with other media outlets that opposed him. The president has been skeptical of the conclusions of U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia interfered in the election and has denied his campaign colluded with Moscow. The salvo prompted a lengthy rebuke from Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg, who said both Trump and liberals were upset about ideas and content on Facebook during the campaign. “That’s what running a platform for all ideas looks like,” Zuckerberg wrote on his personal Facebook page. Other internet firms besides Facebook are also facing rising scrutiny over how Russia may have leveraged their platforms. Twitter is expected to privately brief the Senate panel on Thursday. Republican Senator James Lankford, who has received classified information about Russia’s interference as a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, said on Wednesday that the country’s attempts to sow discord in U.S. domestic affairs had not abated. Russian internet trolls over the weekend fueled the debate ignited by Trump over whether NFL players should have the right to kneel during the national anthem,  Lankford said. Also on Wednesday, the Daily Beast, citing unnamed sources, reported that a Facebook group named “United Muslims of America” was a fake account linked to the Russian government and that it was used to push false claims about U.S. politicians, including Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.  The group bought Facebook ads to reach targeted audiences, promoting political rallies aimed at Muslims, the website reported. The Senate and House intelligence committees are two of the main congressional panels probing allegations that Russia sought to interfere in the U.S. election to boost Trump’s chances at winning the White House, and possible collusion between Trump associates and Russia. ",1
1507,"EPA's Pruitt took flights costing taxpayers more than $58,000: Washington Post","(Reuters) - U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) head Scott Pruitt is said to have taken at least four noncommercial and military flights since mid-February, costing taxpayers more than $58,000, the Washington Post reported. In June, Pruitt took the most expensive of the four trips when he traveled from Andrews Air Force Base to Cincinnati to join President Trump, the paper reported, citing records obtained from a congressional oversight committee. wapo.st/2fsAyBo “When the administrator travels, he takes commercial flights,” EPA spokeswoman Liz Bowman told Washington Post on Wednesday. The administrator and the cabinet secretary are the face of the agency, and have an obligation to get out throughout the country, the paper quoted Bowman as saying. Pruitt’s frequent travels to Oklahoma are already being investigated by EPA’s inspector general. The EPA and Pruitt’s office were not immediately available for comment outside regular business hours. ",1
1508,"Trump proposes U.S. tax overhaul, stirs concerns on deficit","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump proposed on Wednesday the biggest U.S. tax overhaul in three decades, calling for tax cuts for most Americans, but prompting criticism that the plan favors business and the rich and could add trillions of dollars to the deficit. The proposal drew a swift, skeptical response from Senator Bob Corker, a leading Republican “fiscal hawk,” who vowed not to vote for any federal tax package financed with borrowed money. “What I can tell you is that I’m not about to vote for any bill that increases our deficit, period,” Corker, who said on Tuesday he would not seek re-election in 2018, told reporters. Trump said his tax plan was aimed at helping working people, creating jobs and making the tax code simpler and fairer. But it faces an uphill battle in the U.S. Congress with Trump’s own Republican Party divided over it and Democrats hostile. The plan would lower corporate and small-business income tax rates, reduce the top income tax rate for high-earning American individuals and scrap some popular tax breaks, including one that benefits people in high-tax states dominated by Democrats. Forged during months of talks among Trump’s aides and top congressional Republicans, the plan contained few details on how to pay for the tax cuts without expanding the budget deficit and adding to the nation’s $20 trillion national debt. The plan still must be turned into legislation, which was not expected until after Congress makes progress on the fiscal 2018 budget, perhaps in October. It must then be debated by the Republican-led congressional tax-writing committees. Analysts were skeptical that Congress could approve a tax bill this year, but that is what Republicans hope to achieve so they can enter next year’s congressional election campaigns with at least one legislative achievement to show for 2017. Financial markets rallied on the plan’s unveiling, an event long anticipated by traders betting that stocks would benefit from both faster economic growth and inflation. At an event in Indianapolis, Trump called the plan the largest tax cut in U.S. history. “We want tax reform that is pro-growth, pro-jobs, pro-worker, pro-family and, yes, tax reform that is pro-American,” he said. The real estate mogul-turned-politician, who promised big tax cuts as a candidate, told reporters he personally would not gain financially from the proposal. “I think there’s very little benefit for people of wealth,” said Trump, who unlike many of his White House predecessors, has refused to make public his own tax returns. Republicans have produced no major legislative successes since Trump took office in January, even though they control the White House and both chambers of Congress. Their top legislative priority, overhauling the U.S. healthcare system, collapsed again in the Senate on Tuesday. A comprehensive rewrite of the U.S. tax code has eluded previous presidents and Congress for decades. The last one was passed in 1986 under Republican President Ronald Reagan. Trump’s plan falls short of the sweeping, bipartisan package crafted by Reagan and congressional Democrats, analysts said. The White House said that, under the proposal, typical middle-class families would have less income subject to federal tax. Trump said the first $12,000 earned by an individual and the first $24,000 by a married couple would be tax-free. The plan would lower the top individual tax rate, paid by the nation’s top earners, to 35 percent from 39.6 percent. It would lower the top corporate income tax rate to 20 percent from the current 35 percent. The existing rate is high globally, but many U.S.-based multinationals pay much less than the headline rate because of abundant loopholes and tax breaks. Trump has appealed to Democrats to back the plan, although they were not consulted in drafting it. Republicans hold a thin 52-48 Senate majority and may need some Democratic support to win passage. But Democrats said the plan would expand the federal deficit in order to deliver tax cuts to wealthy Americans rather than the middle-class families that Trump and Republicans say they are trying to help.  “If this framework is all about the middle class, then Trump Tower is middle-class housing,” said Senator Ron Wyden, the top Democrat on the tax law-writing Senate Finance Committee.      Republican Kevin Brady, chairman of the tax-writing House of Representatives Ways and Means Committee, said he expected tax legislation to be passed by the end of this year. The Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, a Washington-based policy group, estimated on Wednesday the plan contained about $5.8 trillion of total tax cuts over a decade and would have a net cost of $2.2 trillion through 2027. Analysts have warned huge tax cuts would balloon the deficit if economic growth projected by Republicans to offset the costs fails to materialize amid rising interest rates. ‘PASS-THROUGH’ RATE The plan would set a new 25 percent tax rate for “pass-through” businesses, which are usually small, private enterprises, such as partnerships and sole proprietorships. They represent about 95 percent of all U.S. businesses. Under current law, the profits of those companies “pass through” directly to their owners and are taxed as personal income, often at the top 39.6 percent individual income rate. Cutting that to 25 percent could mean big tax savings for small-business owners, but also be vulnerable to abuse by other individuals and companies, analysts said. Republicans proposed eliminating some tax deductions. They did not target the popular ones for mortgage interest and charitable giving, but called for scrapping the one for state and local tax payments. That could especially hurt people in high-tax states like California and New York. In a step to simplify tax returns, the plan would shrink the current seven tax brackets to three: 12 percent, 25 percent and 35 percent. That would raise the bottom tax rate on low-earning Americans to 12 percent from 10 percent, but analysts said other parts of the plan would still mean a net tax cut. ",1
1509,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (Sept 27) - Filibuster rule, Facebook, tax reform","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - Spoke to Roy Moore of Alabama last night for the first time. Sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic race. He will help to #MAGA! [0656 EDT] - Spoke to Jerry Jones of the Dallas Cowboys yesterday. Jerry is a winner who knows how to get things done. Players will stand for Country! [0709 EDT] - With one Yes vote in hospital & very positive signs from Alaska and two others (McCain is out), we have the HCare Vote, but not for Friday! [0732 EDT] - We will have the votes for Healthcare but not for the reconciliation deadline of Friday, after which we need 60. Get rid of Filibuster Rule![0736 EDT]     - Facebook was always anti-Trump.The Networks were always anti-Trump hence,Fake News, @nytimes(apologized) & @WaPo were anti-Trump. Collusion? [0936 EDT] - ..But the people were Pro-Trump! Virtually no President has accomplished what we have accomplished in the first 9 months-and economy roaring [0941 EDT] - Just arrived in Indianapolis, Indiana to make an announcement on #TaxReform! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! [1507 EDT] - This is the right TAX CUT @ the RIGHT TIME. We will ALL succeed & grow TOGETHER – as one team, one people, & one American family. #TaxReform t.co/rtLWANJjIQ [1942 EDT] - It is time to take care of OUR people, to rebuild OUR NATION, and to fight for OUR GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS! #TaxReform #USA [2155 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
1510,U.S. senators announce deal on self-driving car legislation,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two U.S. senators said late on Wednesday that they had reached a bipartisan deal on legislation aimed at easing hurdles to getting self-driving cars to drivers. U.S. Senator John Thune, a Republican who chairs the Commerce Committee, and Senator Gary Peters, a Michigan Democrat, said they had reached a deal on the legislation that would be voted on by the committee on Oct. 4. They said they planned to release the text on Thursday.  General Motors Co, Alphabet Inc, Ford Motor Co and others have lobbied for the legislation to speed deployment of self-driving cars without human controls by allowing federal regulators to approve their use if they deem them safe and barring states from blocking autonomous vehicles.    Current law prohibits vehicles without human controls. Two sources briefed on the matter said the bill would not include larger commercial trucks. “We expect adoption of self-driving vehicle technologies will save lives, improve mobility for people with disabilities, and create new jobs,” Thune and Peters said in a joint statement.  A similar bill that unanimously passed the U.S. House earlier this month also excluded vehicles above 10,000 pounds. Senate aides have been negotiating for weeks over trucks and language in the bill that could preempt some state court lawsuits over the safety of self-driving vehicles. The House measure, the first significant federal legislation aimed at speeding self-driving cars to market, would allow automakers get approval to sell up to 25,000 vehicles in the first year, rising to 100,000 by year three, as long as they could demonstrate the vehicles are at least as safe as current vehicles with human controls. States could still set rules on registration, licensing, liability, insurance and safety inspections, but not performance standards. Automakers would have to submit safety assessment reports to regulators, but the bill would not require pre-market approval of advanced vehicle technologies. Automakers and some technology companies hope to begin deploying driverless vehicles around 2020. They have been pushing for new federal rules making it easier to deploy self-driving technology, but some consumer groups have sought additional safeguards. States have issued a variety of rules in the absence of clear federal guidance, and automakers have complained that California’s rules are too restrictive. Advocates hope self-driving cars will reduce U.S. road deaths, which rose 7.7 percent in 2015, the highest annual increase since 1966. A 2014 study found U.S. traffic crashes cost society $836 billion annually, with human error behind 94 percent of crashes. ",1
1511,Trump 'not happy' with U.S. health chief Price over private travel,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Wednesday he was “not happy” with Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price over reports he used expensive private charter jets to travel for government business rather than cheaper commercial flights. Asked if he would fire Price, Trump told reporters: “We’ll see.”  The House of Representatives Oversight and Government Reform Committee opened an investigation on Wednesday into travel by top officials. The panel wrote to the White House and 24 federal agencies requesting information about senior officials’ aircraft use. Asked if he had confidence in Price after the reports on his travel, Trump said: “I am looking at that very closely. I am not happy with it. I will tell you I am not happy with it.” Trump has emphasized his efforts to save the U.S. government money, for example by pressing for better prices for military aircraft. While hosting the reality television program “The Apprentice,” his signature phrase was: “You’re fired!” Price has taken at least two dozen private charter flights since May at a cost to taxpayers of about $300,000, according to Politico, which first reported the travel. HHS said Price had “heard the criticism and concerns” over his travel. “He takes that very seriously and has taken it to heart,” said HHS spokeswoman Caitlin Oakley.  “The Secretary has initiated an internal departmental review of the procedures and processes that we go through for official travel to determine whether there are any changes or reforms that are necessary,” she said. On Friday, the HHS inspector general said it was reviewing Price’s travel on chartered aircraft. “The review focuses on whether the travel complied with Federal Travel Regulations, but may encompass other issues related to the travel,” said Tesia Williams, a spokeswoman. As a Republican U.S. representative in 2009, Price chastised “the fiscal irresponsibility” of private-plane use by government officials in an appearance on CNBC television that he also posted on Twitter. Two other senior officials are facing scrutiny over their travels. The Treasury Department’s Inspector General is reviewing the circumstances of Secretary Steve Mnuchin’s use of a government plane to fly to Kentucky in August for a visit to Louisville and Fort Knox. Mnuchin and his wife viewed the solar eclipse during the trip. The frequent travels of the head of the Environmental Protection Agency, Scott Pruitt, to Oklahoma are being investigated by that agency’s inspector general [L2N1LE1B3].  The House committee’s announcement followed calls for a probe by its top Democrat, Representative Elijah Cummings. “We just want to see whether or not there’s abuse there. We know of three (departments) already, EPA, Treasury and of course Health,” Cummings said outside the House on Wednesday. Cummings wrote to Price last week: “The amount of taxpayer funds you reportedly spent on just one single flight earlier this month is more than some of my constituents make in an entire year.” Five Democratic House members wrote to Price on Wednesday urging him to resign “in light of your breach of the public trust.” They were Representatives Ruben Gallego, Ted Lieu, Brenda Lawrence, Jamie Raskin and Pramila Jayapal. ",1
1512,"Trump vows another healthcare vote next year, eyes executive order","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump, faced with the latest Republican failure to undo Obamacare, pledged on Wednesday to tackle it again next year, suggesting without evidence that he had the votes to pass reform and promising to work with Democrats in the meantime. Trump told reporters at the White House that he also was working on an executive order, possibly to be signed next week, that would allow individuals to buy health insurance across state lines. Senate Republicans abandoned their latest effort to repeal former President Barack Obama’s Affordable Care Act on Tuesday after failing to secure sufficient support from fellow Republicans. Trump said there would be another vote on healthcare in the first few months of 2018 and he would work with Democrats to make the effort more bipartisan. Democrats strongly oppose repealing and replacing Obama’s signature domestic policy achievement.  “I am ... going to meet with Democrats and I will see if I can get a healthcare plan that’s even better,” Trump said. “So I will negotiate with Democrats, but from the Republican standpoint, we have the votes. We’ll vote in January, February or March.” Trump did not explain the discrepancy between his conviction that the votes were there and the fact that not enough Republican senators supported the latest bill, forcing Republican leaders to scrap plans to hold a vote. Republicans control the Senate by a 52-48 margin.  The bill’s sponsors vowed to try again but face steeper odds after Saturday, when special rules expire that allow them to pass healthcare legislation without Democratic support. Trump told reporters that one of the votes they needed was of a senator who was in the hospital, Senator Thad Cochran of Mississippi. Cochran’s office said the senator was not in the hospital but was recovering after being treated for a “urological issue.” Republican Senators John McCain, Susan Collins and Rand Paul opposed the bill. Paul has encouraged Trump to legalize nationwide health associations, which he says would allow people to get group health insurance across state lines. Trump said he was working on a measure to do that. “I am considering an executive order on associations and that will take care of a tremendous number of people with regard to healthcare and I’ll probably be signing a very major executive order where people can go out, cross state lines, do lots of things and buy their own healthcare,” Trump said. He said the order was in the process of being finished. The effort appeared to be a move to woo Paul. Trump said later he thought the senator from Kentucky would come around on the broader push for legislation. “I think Rand will be there for us,” Trump told reporters. UCLA Professor Mark Peterson expressed doubt that insurance prices would be reduced by selling across state lines because insurers would still be subject to ACA regulations requiring coverage of hospital care, prescription drugs, pregnancy and childbirth needs and mental health services. “What drives cost of care is the cost of medical care. If I’m in California, which is an expensive medical care state and I buy my insurance from Delaware, which is not, I’m still going to doctors and hospitals that are very expensive and the insurance plan is either going to cover that or not,” he said.  Congressional leaders said on Tuesday they were moving on to  tax reform legislation. But the Senate’s No. 2 Republican, John Cornyn, said on Wednesday that lawmakers would continue to work on healthcare. He said the authors of the most recent Obamacare repeal bill, Senators Lindsey Graham and Bill Cassidy, hoped to increase support for their proposal. Republican Senator Lamar Alexander and Democrat Patty Murray resumed their bipartisan talks on Wednesday seeking a deal to help stabilize health insurance markets, a Murray spokeswoman said. She had no details. Alexander chairs the Senate health committee and Murray is the panel’s top Democrat. ",1
1513,Trump says he will negotiate with Democrats on healthcare,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Wednesday he will return to the healthcare legislative effort early next year and negotiate with Democrats on the issue, a day after the failure of Republicans’ latest attempt to get a healthcare plan through the Senate. The Republican president, refusing to admit defeat on one of his primary promises during the 2016 presidential campaign, told reporters at the White House that Republicans will tackle healthcare again in January or February. “I will negotiate with Democrats but from the Republican standpoint, we have the votes,” Trump said. He added that he would probably sign an executive order next week to allow people to buy health insurance across state lines. ",1
1514,California moves presidential primary for bigger say in candidate choice,"SACRAMENTO, Calif. (Reuters) - California will move its presidential primary from June to March under a bill signed on Wednesday by Democratic Governor Jerry Brown, a change aimed at giving the liberal-leaning state more influence in choosing candidates from either national party. The most populous U.S. state, which voted heavily for Democrat Hillary Clinton in November’s presidential election, has traditionally held its primary so late that Democratic and Republican voters in other states had essentially already chosen their parties’ candidates. “The Golden State will no longer be relegated to last place in the presidential nominating process,” said Secretary of State Alex Padilla, a Democrat who backed the change, in a statement. “Candidates will not be able to ignore the largest, most diverse state in the nation as they seek our country’s highest office.” The bill was passed mostly along party lines in the majority-Democrat legislature. The new date will leave the Iowa caucuses and the New Hampshire primary in place as the first and second contests of the presidential election cycle, during which voters in each state choose the candidate they would like their party to nominate for president. Because California’s primary has been in June while others were held earlier, candidates have largely ignored the state, spending less on outreach than elsewhere, making fewer visits, and failing to prioritize California voters’ concerns in their campaigns, supporters said. In 2016, California Democrats chose Clinton and Republicans opted for Donald Trump, the populist businessman who ultimately won the presidency. Backers in the legislature said the early primary would lead to less divisive choices by members of both major parties in the 2020 election cycle, and establish California as a leading voice in the choice of candidates. Progressive Democrats also believe that moving the primary up could result in their party’s selection of more liberal candidates. “California is the beating heart of the national resistance to Trump, and California Democrats are defining the progressive agenda for America,” state Democratic Party Chairman Eric Bauman said in a press release. “When it comes to deciding the Democratic nominee, our voices need to be heard early in the process.” ",1
1515,Senator says Russian internet trolls stoked NFL debate,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. senator on Wednesday said Russian internet trolls, seeking to polarize Americans, helped fuel a debate ignited by President Donald Trump over whether NFL players should have the right to kneel during the national anthem.     The assertion, made by Republican James Lankford, comes as congressional investigators probing Moscow’s alleged meddling in the 2016 presidential election are focusing on how Russian agents used social media to spread divisive political content. “We watched, even this weekend, the Russians and their troll farms, their internet folks, start hashtagging out #TakeAKnee and also hashtagging out #BoycottNFL,” Lankford, who sits on the Senate Intelligence Committee, said during a hearing on threats faced by the United States. “They were taking both sides of the argument this weekend ... to try to raise the noise level of America and make a big issue seem like an even bigger issue as they are trying to push divisiveness in this country,” Lankford said.  Lankford did not provide evidence to corroborate his statement. A Lankford aide said U.S. intelligence shared with senators showed that Russian troll operations relied on social media to meddle in U.S. issues going back to last year’s presidential election in an effort to divide Americans.      Such activity has also been occurring in Europe for years, the aide said. A website built by researchers working with the Alliance for Securing Democracy, a bipartisan, transatlantic project to counter Russian disinformation, showed tweets promoting both sides of the football debate from 600 accounts that analysts identified as users who spread Russian propaganda on Twitter. A Senate aide said the website was viewed as credible among congressional investigators. Facebook this month revealed that suspected Russian trolls purchased more than $100,000 worth of divisive ads on its platform during the 2016 election cycle. Twitter is expected to privately brief the Senate panel on Thursday, and the House Intelligence Committee said Wednesday technology companies would testify about Russian interference in an open hearing next month. Trump last week said that football players should be fired for kneeling during the national anthem. The players want to draw attention to what they say is social and racial injustice. U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Russia orchestrated a multi-pronged cyber offensive on the 2016 election to discredit Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton and help Trump, a Republican, win.  Russia denies seeking to influence the U.S. election, and Trump has dismissed claims of collusion as fake news. (This version of the story has been refiled to remove extraneous word “layers” in paragraph 11) ",1
1516,"Senate votes to confirm Trump officials for antitrust, CFIUS","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate voted on Wednesday to confirm the head of the Justice Department’s Antitrust Division, which will decide the fate of deals like AT&T Inc’s proposed purchase of Time Warner Inc and the merger of Bayer AG and Monsanto Co. The Senate voted 73 to 21 to confirm Delrahim. The Senate also confirmed Heath Tarbert, by a vote of 87 to 8, to be an assistant secretary of the Treasury. He is expected to oversee the inter-agency Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, which assesses proposed transactions to ensure they do not harm national security.  Tarbert, now at the law firm Allen & Overy LLP, will take the reins of CFIUS at a time when the inter-agency panel has balked at approving deals involving Chinese buyers in areas as disparate as semiconductors, insurance and aluminum. The confirmations mean that the Trump administration, after eight months, will finally have two of the top people in place who decide if mergers may go forward. Their first decisions will give investors a framework to use to decide which deals to push.  As head of the Antitrust Division, Delrahim will oversee a department that decides whether to allow multibillion dollar corporate mergers and acquisitions and also whether to seek jail terms for executives guilty of price-fixing.  Delrahim is currently deputy assistant to the president. As a candidate, President Donald Trump pledged to stop the AT&T purchase of Time Warner. He has not repeated that since becoming president. Delrahim said in May that he would decline to discuss antitrust matters with the White House. “The independence of the decisions made in prosecuting and reviewing mergers as well as other conduct is a serious one that should be free from any political influence,” he said. “They will be free if I am fortunate enough to be confirmed.” Trump has three other major antitrust positions to fill. The Federal Trade Commission, which should have five people, needs a permanent chairman and two commissioners, one Republican and one who is either a Democrat or an independent. Antitrust experts who have followed Delrahim’s career expect him to follow in the footsteps of a former boss, Hewitt Pate, who headed the division from 2003 to 2005. Under Pate, the division was criticized for allowing too many deals, but it sued to stop US Airways from merging with United Airlines and blocked a deal to combine DirecTV and EchoStar Corp. ",1
1517,Senators want probe of Allergan transfer deal with tribe: letter,"(Reuters) - Four U.S. senators have asked the Senate Judiciary Committee to launch an investigation into a deal drugmaker Allergan Plc (AGN.N) struck with a Native American tribe to protect some of its patents from generic challenge, according to a letter seen by Reuters. Democrats Maggie Hassan, Sherrod Brown, Bob Casey and Richard Blumenthal in the letter to Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley and Ranking Member Dianne Feinstein on Wednesday called Allergan’s deal “a blatantly anti-competitive attempt to shield its patents from review and keep drug prices high.” Allergan said on Sept. 8 that it was transferring patents on its dry eye medication Restasis to upstate New York’s Saint Regis Mohawk Tribe, which agreed to exclusively license them back to the company in exchange for ongoing payments. Allergan said in an emailed response to a Reuters request for comment that it met last week with the staffs of Senators Brown and Hassan to provide detailed briefings on the agreement. “We would welcome the opportunity to provide additional briefings for these Senators, as well as the opportunity to brief Senators Casey and Blumenthal, and answer any questions they may have,” Allergan said in the email.  The tribe and company have said that the tribe’s sovereign status shields the patents from review by the U.S. Patent Trial and Appeal Board, an administrative court empowered to invalidate patents. On Friday, the tribe asserted this immunity in an ongoing administrative proceeding brought by generic drugmakers led by Mylan NV (MYL.O), which are seeking to invalidate Allergan’s patents to introduce cheaper versions of Restasis to the market.  Mylan has called Allergan’s deal with the tribe a “sham transaction” and said the tribe should not be allowed to invoke immunity to prevent administrative review. Some patent lawyers have noted that the patent board has recognized the immunity of state entities like public universities, and tribal immunity is considered to be an even stronger shield. Generic drug companies often seek to challenge brand-name drug patents through administrative proceedings, which are cheaper and faster than federal court litigation. Allergan has said it would not invoke the tribe’s immunity in federal court. ",1
1518,Trump slams Facebook as lawmakers await ads amid Russia probe,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday criticized Facebook Inc (FB.O) as “anti-Trump” and questioned its role during the 2016 presidential campaign, amid probes into alleged Russian interference in the election and possible collusion by Trump’s associates. His salvo came as the social media giant prepares to hand over 3,000 political ads to congressional investigators that it has said were likely purchased by Russian entities during and after last year’s presidential contest. Trump appeared to embrace the focus on the social media network in his comments on Wednesday, which also took aim at more traditional medial outlets, long targeted by the president as “fake news.” “Facebook was always anti-Trump. The networks were always anti-Trump,” Trump said on Twitter, levelling the same charge against the New York Times and the Washington Post. “Collusion?” Representatives for Facebook and the newspapers did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Trump’s tweet. U.S. Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, which is among those investigating Russia’s role, said he expected to have the ads by next week and that they should be made public. “You really need to see them ... to recognise how cynical an effort this was by the Kremlin, how they sought to just accentuate those divisions ... and drive American against American,” Schiff told MSNBC, adding that Facebook and Twitter Inc (TWTR.N) executives should testify publicly about the issue. “I have concerns about how long it took Facebook to realise the Russians were advertising on their network,” Schiff told MSNBC, adding that he has spoken several times with the company’s chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg.  Facebook and other technology companies are coming under increased scrutiny amid the Russia investigations. The probes, being conducted by several congressional committees along with the Department of Justice, have clouded Trump’s tenure since taking office in January and threatened his agenda, which has yet to secure a major legislative victory.  Moscow has denied any collusion. Trump himself has previously praised Facebook and credited it with helping him win the November election. His campaign has said it spent some $70 million on Facebook ads, and it also ran  a live Facebook show.  His latest comments did not appear to affect shares of the company, which were up 1.4 percent at $166.50 a share in late morning trading after analysts raised their price target for the stock. ",1
1519,Alabama insurgent's victory emboldens U.S. anti-establishment Republicans,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The anti-establishment wave that propelled Donald Trump to the White House is developing into a political force that perhaps even the president cannot control and could shake his Republican Party ahead of next year’s congressional elections. That became clear on Tuesday night when Trump’s favored candidate in an Alabama Senate primary, Luther Strange, was soundly defeated by Roy Moore, an archconservative who cast himself as an inheritor of Trump’s insurgent mantle.  Moore’s win is expected to encourage more outsider candidates to challenge Republican incumbents ahead of the November 2018 elections, where the party will seek to maintain its control of the Senate and House of Representatives, crucial to enacting Trump’s agenda. Conservative donors were “ecstatic” and “beside themselves” after Moore’s victory, said Ken Cuccinelli, head of the Senate Conservatives Fund, which spent about $121,000 in Alabama to help Moore. Cuccinelli said he believed conservatives could build on Moore’s victory. “It will have ripple effects - it’s going to have effects all across the country,” he said. Trump, who appeared at a campaign rally for Strange last week, congratulated Moore on his win and wished him success against Democrat Doug Jones in the December special election to fill the seat held by Jeff Sessions before he became U.S. attorney general in February. Strange had been appointed to fill the seat until the election. “Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama. Luther Strange started way back & ran a good race. Roy, WIN in Dec!” Trump wrote on Twitter.  Establishment Republicans have been wary of insurgent firebrands since the 2010 congressional elections. That year, donations from conservative groups helped bring about primary wins by ultra-conservative candidates Christine O’Donnell in Delaware and Sharron Angle in Nevada. But both suffered crushing defeats to Democrats in the general election. In November 2018, elections will be held for all 435 seats in the U.S. House and 33 seats in the 100-member Senate, including 23 Democrats and eight Republicans in fights that will likely be cast as a referendum on Trump’s legislative agenda. The Republican establishment poured millions of dollars into the Alabama nominating primary to help Strange, giving him a $10 million money advantage over Moore.  Some Republican strategists fear that if more extreme Republicans win primaries, it would give Democrats a better chance of winning in the general election. That is less of a concern in conservative Alabama, where Moore will likely prevail, but is a bigger risk in states with greater numbers of moderate voters, such as Arizona and Nevada, where Republican Senators Jeff Flake and Dean Heller are already top targets for conservative groups. Also this week, Republican Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee said he would not run again in 2018, a decision that was widely seen as trying to avoid a potential primary fight. “I know we are all listening and watching very closely, trying to understand the message that’s being sent,” Senator John Cornyn of Texas, the No. 2 Senate Republican, said of the Alabama result.  While Trump endorsed Strange, his former adviser Steve Bannon backed Moore, as did several outside political groups that support the president’s agenda. Bannon, and his influential news site, Breitbart, are poised to spearhead attacks on Republican incumbents, while political groups aligned with Trump that can raise unlimited sums of money will help those challengers compete with better-financed establishment candidates. Having served as a high-profile state Supreme Court justice for years, Moore was better known than most insurgent candidates, allowing him to neutralize attacks from establishment groups, said Constantin Querard, a conservative Republican strategist in Arizona. The road will be tougher for outsiders in Arizona and Nevada, he said. Still, candidates such as Flake will be hampered by their ties to the D.C. establishment, especially with the failure this year by Republicans to deliver on long-standing promises to repeal the Obamacare healthcare law despite controlling the White House and Congress. Querard said that Flake “is seen as the poster child for everything that is wrong in Washington.” Jonathan Gray, a Republican consultant in Alabama, said Moore’s win should frighten vulnerable Republicans worried about primary challenges not so much because Trump’s endorsement failed to sway voters, but because the money spent at the behest of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell to back Strange was fruitless.  “The people of Alabama saw Washington telling them what to do, and they thumbed their nose at it,” Gray said. ",1
1520,"Trump says unnamed country plans to build, expand five U.S. auto plants","INDIANAPOLIS (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Wednesday an unnamed foreign leader told him at the United Nations last week that the country would soon announce plans to build or expand five automobile industry factories in the United States. “I just left the United Nations last week and I was told by one of the most powerful leaders of the world that they are going to be announcing in the not too distant future five major factories in the United States, between increasing and new, five,” Trump said in a speech on tax reform in Indianapolis. He added the factories were in the automotive industry.  Trump did not name the country or its leader. The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Trump met with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and 12 other leaders in New York at the U.N. General Assembly meeting last week, but did not meet with German Chancellor Angela Merkel who was in Germany ahead of an election. Automakers in Japan and Germany have both announced investments in the United States this year, with companies coming under pressure from Trump’s bid to curb imports and hire more workers to build cars and trucks in the U.S.  Investments to expand U.S. vehicle production capacity also reflect intensified competition for market share in the world’s most profitable vehicle market. In August, Toyota Motor Corp (7203.T) said it would build a $1.6 billion U.S. assembly plant with Mazda Motor Corp (7261.T). Toyota also said this week it was investing nearly $375 million in five U.S. manufacturing plants to support U.S. production of hybrid powertrains. Last week, German automaker Daimler AG (DAIGn.DE) said it would spend $1 billion to expand its Mercedes Benz operations near Tuscaloosa, Alabama, to produce batteries and electric sport utility vehicles and create more than 600 jobs.    Rival German luxury automaker BMW AG (BMWG.DE) said in June it would expand its U.S. factory in South Carolina, adding 1,000 jobs.  And last month, Volkswagen AG’s (VOWG_p.DE) brand president Herbert Diess said the company expected to bring electric SUV production to the United States and could add production at its Tennessee plant. ",1
1521,U.S. Senate confirms Heath Tarbert to be an assistant Treasury secretary,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate voted on Wednesday to confirm Heath Tarbert to be an assistant secretary of the Treasury. Tarbert is expected to oversee the inter-agency Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, which assesses proposed transactions to ensure they do not harm national security.  Tarbert, now at the law firm Allen & Overy LLP, takes the reins of CFIUS at a time when the inter-agency panel has balked at approving deals involving China in areas as disparate as semiconductors, insurance and aluminum. ",1
1522,U.S. seeks up to 27 months in prison for ex-Congressman Anthony Weiner," (This version of the Sept. 20 story corrects to say that Weiner was defeated and did not drop out of the 2013 mayoral election in last paragraph) By Brendan Pierson (Reuters) - U.S. prosecutors on Wednesday sought a prison sentence of 21 to 27 months for former U.S. Congressman Anthony Weiner, who admitted to sending sexually explicit messages to a teenage girl in a “sexting” scandal that played a role in last year’s U.S. presidential election. “Weiner, a grown man, a father, and a former lawmaker, willfully and knowingly asked a 15-year-old girl to display her body and engage in sexually explicit conduct for him online,” prosecutors said in a filing in Manhattan federal court. “Such conduct warrants a meaningful sentence of incarceration.” A lawyer for Weiner, who is scheduled to be sentenced by U.S. District Judge Denise Cote next Monday, could not immediately be reached for comment. In a court filing last week, Weiner’s lawyers asked that he be sentenced to probation with no prison time, saying he acted out of the “depths of an uncontrolled sickness” for which he was now being treated. Weiner, 53, pleaded guilty in May to transferring obscene material to a minor. The investigation into Weiner’s exchanges with the teenage girl roiled the 2016 U.S. presidential campaign in its final days, when authorities found emails on Weiner’s laptop from his wife Huma Abedin, an aid to Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. Abedin has filed for divorce. The discovery of the emails prompted James Comey, then director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, to announce in late October that the agency was reopening its investigation into Clinton’s use of a private email server while serving as U.S. secretary of state. Clinton has said the announcement contributed to her upset loss to Republican Donald Trump, who had accused her of endangering national security by using the private server. Comey testified before Congress in May that the emails found on Weiner’s computer included classified information. Trump fired Comey in May amid the FBI’s probe into whether Trump’s campaign colluded with Russia to defeat Clinton, a claim the president has denied. Weiner served parts of New York City for 12 years in the U.S. House of Representatives before resigning in 2011, when it emerged that he had exchanged sexually explicit messages with adult women. Weiner and Abedin’s son, now 5 years old, was born several months later. In 2013, Weiner ran for New York City mayor, but was defeated in the Democratic primary after more lewd messages became public. ",1
1523,Ex-U.S. congressman Weiner seeks to avoid prison in teen 'sexting' case," (This version of the Sept. 14 story corrects to say that Weiner was defeated in the 2013 mayoral election, did not drop out, in last paragraph) By Brendan Pierson NEW YORK (Reuters) - Former U.S. congressman Anthony Weiner has asked a judge not to sentence him to prison after he admitted to sending sexually explicit messages to a teenage girl, igniting a “sexting” scandal that played a role in last year’s U.S. presidential election. In a filing in Manhattan federal court late on Wednesday, Weiner’s lawyers said Weiner acted out of the “depths of an uncontrolled sickness.” They argued Weiner should be sentenced to probation, including mental health treatment, and perform community service. Weiner, 53, submitted his own letter to the court in which he apologized and said he was continuing to seek treatment. “I don’t know how I will be able to make amends to the young person who I dragged into my sordid mess,” he said. Weiner’s wife, Huma Abedin, an aide to former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, has filed for divorce. She also submitted a letter to the court asking it to consider the impact of the sentence on the couple’s son.  Weiner pleaded guilty in May to transferring obscene material to a minor. The charge carries a maximum sentence of 10 years, though prosecutors said as part of a plea deal that they would consider a term between 21 and 27 months “fair and appropriate.” The investigation into Weiner’s exchanges with the teenage girl roiled the 2016 U.S. presidential campaign in its final days, when authorities found emails on Weiner’s laptop from Abedin. The discovery prompted James Comey, then director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, to announce in late October that the agency was reviewing the messages to determine whether to reopen its investigation into Clinton’s use of a private email server as U.S. secretary of state. Clinton has said the announcement contributed to her upset loss to Republican Donald Trump, who had accused her of endangering national security by using the private server. Comey testified before Congress in May that the emails found on Weiner’s computer included classified information. Trump fired Comey in May amid the FBI’s probe into whether Trump’s campaign colluded with Russia to defeat Clinton, a claim the president has denied. Weiner served parts of New York City for 12 years in the U.S. House of Representatives before resigning in 2011, when it emerged that he had exchanged sexually explicit messages with women. Two years later, he ran for New York City mayor, but was defeated in the Democratic primary after more lewd messages became public. ",1
1524,Trump says he will not negotiate on 20 percent corporate tax rate,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said wealthy Americans would not benefit under his tax plan and that he would not negotiate on the Republicans’ tax framework proposal to lower the corporate tax rate to 20 percent. “No I don’t benefit. I think there’s very little benefit for people of wealth,” Trump told reporters at the White House. On the corporate tax rate, he said: “I wanted to start at 15 (percent) so that we got 20 (percent) - 15 was so low we didn’t take in the revenue. But I wanted 15 so we got 20, 20’s my number so I’m not negotiating that number. I am not going to negotiate.” ",1
1525,Exclusive: Republican U.S. tax framework sets 20 percent corporate rate,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans in the U.S. Congress and the White House called for slashing tax rates on businesses and the wealthy on Wednesday, as part of a new tax plan that offers few details about how to pay for tax cuts without expanding the federal deficit. Hammered out over months of high-level talks among Trump aides and top Republicans in Congress, the plan proposes: a 20 percent corporate income tax rate; a new 25 percent tax rate for pass-through businesses including partnerships; and a reduced 35 percent top income tax rate for individual Americans, according to a framework seen by Reuters. ",1
1526,Puerto Rico expects U.S. to lift Jones Act shipping restrictions,"(Reuters) - Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello said on Wednesday he expected the federal government to waive the Jones Act, which would lift restrictions on ships that can provide aid to the island devastated by Hurricane Maria. He said he has been speaking with members of Congress from both parties who have supported an emergency waiver.      “We expect them to waive it,” Rossello said in an interview with CNN. He noted there was a seven-day waiver after Hurricane Irma, which was much less devastating to the island.     On Tuesday, the Trump administration said there was no need to waive shipping restrictions to help get fuel and supplies to storm-ravaged Puerto Rico, saying it would do nothing to address the island’s damaged ports, the main impediment to shipping. A waiver would allow Puerto Rico to get help not only from U.S. ships but from any ships that can bring aid.     “That is critical, particularly for fuel,” he said. “One of the considerations right now is the priority of getting fuel, diesel, gasoline, all across the island. Right now we have enough fuel. We’re limited by the transportation logistics, but at some point of course, getting fuel into the island is going to be critical so that we can have the major functions of telecoms, hospitals, water, to be running appropriately.”     The Jones Act requires that all goods shipped between U.S. ports be carried by American owned-and-operated ships. U.S. Senator John McCain asked acting Department of Homeland Security Secretary Elaine Duke on Tuesday to grant an emergency waiver of the law. He said that Puerto Rican residents would have to pay at least twice as much for food, drinking water and other supplies without the waiver. (This corrected version of the story fixes paragraph four to show the administration has not formally denied a waiver request). ",1
1527,U.S. mulls request by lawmakers to waive shipping limits on Puerto Rico,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Department of Homeland Security said on Wednesday it is considering a request by members of Congress to waive federal restrictions on shipping to Puerto Rico, but has not received any formal requests from shippers or other branches of the federal government to waive the law. “We are considering the underlying issues and are evaluating whether a waiver should be issued,” said a senior Homeland Security official, who spoke to reporters on the grounds of anonymity. The Jones Act requires that all goods shipped between U.S. ports be carried by American owned-and-operated ships. Several U.S. lawmakers, including Representative Nydia Velazquez, on Monday asked DHS to waive the Jones Act restrictions for a year to help relief efforts in Puerto Rico where people are suffering from water and food shortages in the wake of Hurricane Maria. But a request from a member of Congress is not the usual pathway by which the department gets waiver requests, the DHS official said. Puerto Rico has long railed against the Jones Act, saying it raises the cost of imported basic commodities, such as food, clothing and fuel. But the official said that the Defense Department and FEMA have not indicated there is a lack of ships to get food and goods to the island. The official did not deny that the law can add costs to goods delivered to the island, an argument made by longtime opponent of the Jones Act, Republican Senator John McCain. But the DHS official said Jones Act exemptions are based solely on the interest of national defense.  “The real challenges happen to be on the island itself,” the official said, adding that there were plenty of U.S.-flagged barges and tugs available.  DHS has the ability to initiate a waiver to the shipping law, but the official said it is constrained by the national defense parameter.  “Right now, we do not have the authority to issue a waiver simply to make goods cost less,” he said. ",1
1528,U.S. House Freedom Caucus backs Republican tax reform framework: statement,WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The conservative Freedom Caucus in the U.S. House of Representatives said in a note posted on Twitter on Wednesday that it had taken an official position in support of the Republican framework for tax reform. It said it would issue a statement later. ,1
1529,"U.S. lawmakers ask Facebook, Twitter for information on anti-fracking ads","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. House committee investigating whether Russia has tried to influence U.S. public opinion on fossil fuels asked Facebook (FB.O), Twitter (TWTR.N) and Alphabet (GOOGL.O) on Wednesday to turn over information about Russian entities that may have bought anti-fracking advertisements.   House Science and Technology Committee Chairman Lamar Smith, a Texas Republican and climate change denier, asked the CEOs of the technology companies to turn over documents by Oct. 10 that detail the involvement of Russian-based or funded entities detected on their platforms, information on ads they purchased, and any communications concerning ads advocating for “so-called green initiatives.” Smith and the Republicans on the committee that oversees U.S. scientific agencies have targeted mainstream climate change scientists, questioning their integrity and calling for eliminating federal funding for climate research. They have also accused environmental groups of colluding with Russians to push for regulations to curb fossil fuel extraction. “The committee is concerned that divisive social media and political messages conveyed through social media have negatively affected certain energy sectors, which can depress research and development in the fossil fuel sector and expanding potential for natural gas,” Smith wrote in letters to the CEOs. The committee, which oversees U.S. scientific agencies, believes such anti-fracking ads reflect “the Russian government’s concern about the impact of fracking ... on the global energy market and potential challenges to profitability” of Russian energy companies, the letter said. The letter says Russia’s meddling in the U.S. energy market has been “well documented in the public domain” and seeks information similar to what Facebook is providing to the U.S. Senate about anti-immigration propaganda and advertising. Both parties in Washington have been stepping up scrutiny of major internet firms, and considering whether to create new disclosure rules for online political ads after Facebook revealed this month that suspected Russian trolls purchased more than $100,000 worth of divisive ads on its platform during the 2016 election cycle. The U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigations is probing whether President Donald Trump’s campaign colluded with Russia to influence the election. Trump and officials from the campaign have said there was no collusion. Smith is dismissive of local and national protests that have emerged around the country objecting to the process of horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing to extract oil and gas because of its affect on water quality, as well as the construction of pipelines to transport fracked oil and gas. ",1
1530,"Trump administration red tape tangles up visas for skilled foreigners, data shows"," WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration is making it more difficult for skilled foreigners to work in the United States, challenging visa applications more often than at nearly any point in the Obama era, according to data reviewed by Reuters.     The more intense scrutiny of the applications for H-1B visas comes after President Donald Trump called for changes to the visa program so that it benefits the highest-paid workers, though he has not enacted any such reforms.  Data provided by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services shows that between Jan. 1 and Aug. 31, the agency issued 85,000 challenges, or “requests for evidence” (RFEs), to H-1B visa petitions - a 45 percent increase over the same period last year. The total number of H-1B petitions rose by less than 3 percent in the same period.  The challenges, which can slow down the issuance of visas by months, were issued at a greater rate in 2017 than at any time in the Obama administration except for one year, 2009, according to the USCIS data, which has not been previously reported.  The trend is likely to cheer supporters of Trump’s hardline stance on immigration. They say visas for skilled foreigners undercut American workers by replacing them with low-paid employees shipped in from abroad. But major tech companies, universities and hospitals contend the visas allow them to fill highly specialized jobs for which there are sometimes few qualified Americans.  H-1B visas allow foreign workers, generally with bachelor's degrees or higher, to work for three years at a time, often in the technology, healthcare and education sectors. Microsoft (MSFT.O), Amazon (AMZN.O), Google (GOOGL.O), Apple (AAPL.O), Intel (INTC.O), Oracle (ORCL.N) and Facebook (FB.O) were heavy users of H-1B visas in 2016, according to USCIS data.  The USCIS inquiries typically challenge the basis of the original petitions and assert that the employers do not qualify for the visas. Employers and their lawyers must then provide further evidence to prove their need and eligibility for the visas.  To be sure, the Obama administration also issued a large number of H-1B challenges – nearly 59,000 - from January through August 2016, and a similar number in 2015.  Immigration attorneys have for years complained about redundant and burdensome challenges to high-skilled employment visas. But they say they are seeing a new trend in the Trump era.  In addition to querying applications more often, the Trump administration is targeting entry-level jobs offered to skilled foreigners. The lawyers say this violates the law governing H-1Bs, because it allows for visa holders to take entry-level jobs.  Several attorneys said they view the increase in challenges and focus on entry-level jobs as a stealth campaign by the administration against the H-1B program in the absence of public regulatory changes or changes passed by Congress, which could be debated and decided in the open.  “One way to have an immigration policy that’s consistent with the policy that’s been articulated by the Trump administration is to put more scrutiny on H-1B cases,” said Cyrus Mehta, a New York-based immigration attorney.  USCIS spokesman Robert C. Langston did not directly address the new trend identified by lawyers or the sharp spike in RFEs this year. In an email, he said the agency is applying “currently existing policy that interprets existing statutory and regulatory requirements to evaluate petitions.”  Partners HealthCare is a healthcare system that includes Massachusetts General Hospital and Brigham and Women’s Hospital, two prestigious teaching hospitals for Harvard Medical School. It has received more than 50 RFEs from USCIS so far this year, compared to fewer than 15 all of last year in response to a similar number of H-1B petitions, said Anthony Pawelski, an immigration attorney who handles H-1B applications for Partners.  USCIS questioned the hospitals’ connection to the university even though their applications included proof of their non-profit status, a 1948 agreement between Harvard Medical School and the hospitals and even text from the hospitals’ website referencing a 200-year history with the university, Pawelski said.  “They’re doing anything they can to delay the processing and adjudications and in their mind close any perceived loopholes,” he said.  Langston declined to comment on specific H-1B petitions.  It is still unclear how the increase in challenges will affect the number of visas issued this year. In the 2016 fiscal year, USCIS approved 87 percent of H1-B petitions. By June 30 of this year, the agency had approved 59 percent of H-1B petitions, although that number is incomplete because it does not take into account the last three months of the 2017 fiscal year, when a large portion of H-1B applications are processed.  Both Democratic and Republican lawmakers have criticized H-1B visas, because the biggest beneficiaries are outsourcing firms, which critics say use the program to fill lower-level information technology jobs and replace American workers. Members of both parties have introduced legislation this year to reform the visa’s use.  In an April executive order, Trump directed a review of the H1-B program, aimed at ensuring the visas “are awarded to the most-skilled or highest-paid” applicants. The order itself did not implement changes but directed agencies to suggest reforms.  “What the Trump administration has done for the first time in a very long time is take seriously the fact that companies are misusing the H-1B system,” said Russell Harrison, director of government relations at IEEE-USA, the American branch of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers.  The group opposes the H-1B program but supports giving more high-skilled foreigners employment-based permanent residence.  Many of the government challenges for visas for entry-level jobs either say that the salary should be higher because the job is too complex or that the job does not count as a “specialty” occupation, as required by the H-1B program, according to a review of hundreds of RFEs by the American Immigration Lawyers Association provided to Reuters.  Entry-level jobs are positions for fresh university graduates with little or no work experience. Such jobs can pay “Level 1” wages, the lowest of four tiers.  “An RFE may be justified if the wage level is not appropriate for the position,” said Langston, the USCIS spokesman.  The USCIS data did not specify what positions the RFEs challenged or the reasons for the challenges.  Lawyers question the implicit argument advanced by USCIS in the challenges - that specialty jobs cannot be entry-level. They point to young doctors and engineers, for instance, who may not have work experience but have spent years learning technical skills.  Though the challenges can come across all industries, the AILA review showed software developers and computer systems analysts were challenged more often than other jobs.  Silicon Valley tech giants either declined to comment or did not respond to requests for comment on whether they had been receiving more RFEs.  The requests can increase legal fees associated with each H-1B visa by as much as half, attorneys said. Government fees for H-1B visas can run upwards of $2,500, and standard fees paid to lawyers per application can easily reach $2,000 or more.  The increased costs and hassle could discourage employers from hiring such foreign workers especially at junior levels, immigration lawyers said.  Jeffrey Gorsky, an attorney with Berry Appelman & Leiden LLP, one of the largest corporate immigration firms in the country, said one of the firm’s clients, a mid-sized tech company, was hit with six RFEs from USCIS in a single day this year.  Between late 2015 and the end of 2016, the company received just one RFE on an H-1B visa petition, he said.  ",1
1531,"As 2018 Obamacare deadline nears, U.S. states believe every county covered","NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. states have negotiated to the bitter end to keep health insurers selling Obamacare plans in every county next year, in some cases taking a hard-line to prevent exits that leave residents without access to health coverage. But states cannot rule out a last-minute pullout by an insurance company.     Insurers must sign government contracts detailing where they will offer 2018 coverage by midnight on Wednesday. In recent months, dozens of U.S. counties risked having no insurer offering subsidized individual insurance next year after national players including Anthem Inc, Aetna Inc and Humana Inc announced plans to pull out. (tmsnrt.rs/2k1HAlV) Many insurers have lost money on their Obamacare business. Others fear exposure to a program targeted by President Donald Trump and the Republican-controlled Congress for repeal. Trump has also threatened to cut billions in subsidy payments to insurers to undermine predecessor Barack Obama’s healthcare law. Still, insurance commissioners in Republican-leaning states such as Tennessee, Missouri, and Virginia spent months negotiating with insurers to see who might pull out of their markets and either convince them to stay, or find a replacement. By Tuesday, it appeared they had succeeded in keeping every county covered in all states. But individuals will still face challenges. Nearly half of U.S. counties have no choice, with only one insurer offering individual plans. And many insurers filed price hikes of 20 percent or more to offset the political uncertainty. Some states still fear a last-minute surprise. “My colleagues and I are still very concerned that today insurers are making a decision about whether or not to participate,” Tennessee insurance commissioner Julie McPeak said. “That makes us nervous.” After Humana said it would exit the Obamacare business entirely, leaving the Knoxville area with no insurer, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Tennessee said it would step into the region. Georgia regulators warned Anthem that it could not sell in the state for five years if it left any bare counties, Deputy Insurance Commissioner Jay Florence said. As a result, after first proposing to stay in just one county next year, Anthem only left markets in Georgia where it could be sure at least one other insurer is offering coverage. In Virginia, Anthem planned an exit that would have left more than 60 counties without any individual insurance options, but changed course two weeks ago after discussions with the state. “Bare counties is a highly political issue and health plans have been concerned about the consequences of being called out publicly,” said Caroline Pearson, senior vice president at healthcare consultancy Avalere Health. SCANT COMPETITION, HIGH PRICES    The push could not preserve competition in many states. In 2018, nearly half of U.S. counties will have only one insurer offering individual plans, according to federal data. In 2017, a third of counties had only one insurer. In 2016, only 7 percent of counties had only a single choice. But it did convince some to alter plans. Molina Healthcare said in July it would exit two states and was considering further departures.  In the end, it is remaining in seven states where it sells individual plans - include California, Florida, Michigan, New Mexico, Ohio, Texas and Washington - a spokeswoman said Tuesday. Cigna Corp, which had planned to sell Obamacare coverage in six states for 2018, said it will make final details public after the deadline. Anthem and HealthCare Services Corp, which runs Blue Cross Blue Shield in Illinois, Texas and other states, did not comment further on their plans. Such insurers will wade into 2018 Obamacare markets with no certainty over the program’s fate. Senate Republicans on Tuesday failed again to muster enough votes to repeal and replace the 2010 Affordable Care Act, but vowed to revive the effort in the coming months after tackling tax reform. State health commissioners allowed them to propose monthly premium increases of 20 percent, or even more, from 2017 to compensate for the uncertainty. “We didn’t really have much choice,” McPeak of Tennessee said. “We were fearful that insurers, if they filed lower rates, would decide not to come into the market.” ",1
1532,Trump scrambles to convince Americans he can handle Puerto Rico crisis,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - After well-received responses to two major hurricanes that hit the U.S. mainland, President Donald Trump is battling to show Americans he can handle yet another natural disaster - this time in Puerto Rico - despite being caught up in another Twitter war.     Caught off guard by the severity of Hurricane Maria’s damage to the U.S. island territory, Trump did not focus on the storm for days, instead launching a barrage of tweets over his view that National Football League players should be required to stand during the U.S. national anthem. Trump insisted to reporters on Tuesday that he was not preoccupied with the NFL controversy and that he could multi-task. He said he would visit Puerto Rico on Tuesday. “I have plenty of time on my hands. All I do is work,” he said. But with the territory’s 3.4 million people struggling to get food, water, power and shelter, Democratic leaders in Congress and some Puerto Rico residents, who are U.S. citizens, accused the Trump administration of being more sluggish in its response than to disasters on the U.S. mainland. The previous Republican president, George W. Bush, faced widespread criticism for his administration’s initial handling of Hurricane Katrina, which killed some 1,800 people in and around New Orleans in 2005. As of Tuesday, Trump had tweeted two dozen times about the NFL controversy and only began tweeting about Puerto Rico when he started to draw criticism. In tweets on Monday night, he said Puerto Rico was in “deep trouble” and noted its massive debt crisis. “Trump certainly seemed to be on top of the situation with Hurricane Harvey in Houston and Hurricane Irma in Florida. With Puerto Rico, because of this distraction, there is maybe the perception that he hasn’t been on top of the situation,” said presidential historian Thomas Alan Schwartz. When Trump finally started talking about Puerto Rico, he gave mixed signals, saying on the one hand that Puerto Rico was in trouble, while lauding his administration’s response on the other. “I just question the victory laps that the president is taking already,” said Lars Anderson, who was a senior Federal Emergency Management Agency official in Democratic President Barack Obama’s administration, and now runs a crisis communications firm called BlueDot Strategies. Trump will have the opportunity next week during his visit to Puerto Rico to use the presidential bully pulpit to draw attention to the need for more resources, Anderson said. “I’m glad to see that the White House is actually acknowledging the situation there,” he said. The White House stepped up its efforts to show Trump in charge of the crisis, organizing a meeting of major Cabinet officials to go over the federal response to Puerto Rico. An official photo of the meeting in the Situation Room showed Trump at the head of a long table, getting briefed on the crisis. After it ended, acting Homeland Security Secretary Elaine Duke and Brock Long, head of the FEMA, briefed reporters on the federal response. “The response to date has been phenomenal,” Duke said. On Tuesday night, Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello said he was satisfied with the administration’s relief efforts and called Trump’s performance “excellent.” U.S. officials stressed that the federal disaster system kicked into gear days ago to provide food, water and rolled sheeting for roofs. The U.S. military was increasing its flights bearing emergency aid to 10 per hour, an official said. Trump supporters said people may be expecting too much from a federal response for an island territory whose electrical grid and infrastructure were already in poor shape before Maria came blowing through. “There is no way to be prepared to rebuild an island with 3 million people on it in three months. It’s beyond anybody’s capability to do so,” said Barry Bennett, a former Trump campaign adviser. Trump’s use of Twitter to fan controversy has been one area that his control-minded White House chief of staff, John Kelly, has been unable to tamp down. Privately, aides said there was  likely not much Kelly could do about it. “Nobody can get him off Twitter,” said one administration official. ",1
1533,"U.S. Commerce Secretary says market access, protectionism top China issues","HONG KONG (Reuters) - U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said on Wednesday the U.S. relationship with China was too lopsided and listed market access, protectionism and intellectual property as the biggest problems amid trade tensions between the two countries.  Ross said both sides were frank and open, and articulated good points of view during his trip to Beijing, which was a good sign, although neither made concessions.  “The most important thing to push for with China is better market access for companies operating there physically and for companies exporting there,” Ross said. “Ranking equal with that would be less protectionist behavior.”  The U.S. Commerce Department said in a statement on Tuesday that Ross had pressed China on the “need to rebalance bilateral trade and investment relations” and urged it to take “meaningful action” on trade issues. China’s relationship with the United States has been strained by the Trump administration’s criticism of China’s trade practices and by demands that Beijing do more to pressure North Korea to halt its nuclear weapons and missile programs. Ross, speaking to reporters in Hong Kong two days after his visit to Beijing, also said overcapacity was still a big issue in some sectors and highlighted new industries such as robotics as potential threats. “There apparently are something like 400 robotics companies in China right now and people in the industry tell me maybe 360 of those are in it to get the subsidies and tax breaks and are not really serious about the product,” he said. On Monday, Ross told Chinese Premier Li Keqiang that the United States hoped for “very good deliverables” when U.S. President Donald Trump visits China, likely in November. He did not specify what “deliverables” the United States was hoping for.  Ross is due to lead a trade mission to China as part of President Trump’s visit there. ",1
1534,Conservative firebrand defeats Trump pick in Alabama primary for U.S. Senate,"(Reuters) - Alabama voters elected conservative firebrand Roy Moore as the Republican nominee for a U.S. Senate seat on Tuesday, dealing a blow to President Donald Trump and other party leaders who had argued that rival Luther Strange was a better bet to advance their priorities in Washington. An outspoken evangelical Christian who has twice lost his position as the state’s top judge, Moore won election with a fierce anti-Washington message and a call to put religion at the center of public life. “We have to return the knowledge of God and the Constitution of the United States to the United States Congress,” he said. With all 67 counties reporting, Moore led Strange by 55 percent to 45 percent. Despite campaigning for Strange, Trump congratulated Moore for his victory and urged him to defeat Democrat Doug Jones in the December election to fill a seat that was held by Jeff Sessions before he became U.S. Attorney General in February. “Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama. Luther Strange started way back & ran a good race. Roy, WIN in Dec!” Trump wrote on Twitter. Trump deleted three other Tweets, voicing his supported for Strange. In one deleted Tweet, the president said Strange “will never let you down!” and in another he said “vote today for ‘Big Luther,’” according to media.    Moore is favored to win the December election, as Alabama has not elected a Democrat to the Senate since 1992. Moore, 70, first lost his seat on the Alabama Supreme Court for refusing to remove a Ten Commandments monument from the courthouse and a second time for defying the U.S. Supreme Court’s decision to legalize same-sex marriage.     The race exposed rifts between the Republican party’s conservative base and its moneyed establishment — and within Trump’s inner circle. Trump and Vice President Mike Pence appeared with Strange at rallies in the race’s closing days and a political group affiliated with Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell spent close to $9 million on his behalf.   Moore, meanwhile, drew support from Trump’s former chief strategist, Steve Bannon, and his secretary of Housing and Urban Development, Ben Carson. Bannon said Moore’s victory could embolden other grassroots challengers to try to unseat well-funded Republican incumbents in next year’s congressional elections. “You’re going to see in state after state people that follow the model of Judge Roy Moore, that do not need to raise money from the elites,” he said at Moore’s victory party.     Strange, 64, a former state attorney general, earned a reputation as a reliable Republican vote after he was appointed to the seat in February.  But his close ties to party leaders proved to be a liability with some voters, who questioned whether former Governor Robert Bentley appointed him to Sessions’s seat in an attempt to avoid prosecution for a sex scandal. Bentley pleaded guilty to misusing campaign funds and stepped down in April. “It was sort of a ‘you scratch my back and I’ll scratch yours,’” said R.L. Barber, 77, a Moore supporter from Birmingham. Moore’s uncompromising style could bring a new level of turbulence to the Senate, where Republicans have struggled to reach consensus on tax and spending issues and have failed repeatedly to roll back Obamacare.  But Moore said he would back the president.  “Don’t let anybody in the press think that because he supported my opponent I do not support him and support his agenda,” Moore said. ",1
1535,Republicans fail again to kill off Obamacare in Senate,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republicans on Tuesday fell short yet again in their seven-year drive to repeal Obamacare, in a bitter defeat that raises more questions about their ability to enact President Donald Trump’s agenda. The party was unable to win enough support from its own senators for a bill to repeal the 2010 Affordable Care Act and decided not to put it to a vote, several Republicans said. The bill’s sponsors vowed to try again, but face steeper odds after Sunday, when special rules expire that allow them to pass healthcare legislation without Democratic support. “We basically ran out of time,” said Senator Ron Johnson, a co-sponsor of the measure with Senators Bill Cassidy, Lindsey Graham and Dean Heller. Republicans have now repeatedly failed to deliver on their longtime promise to roll back former Democratic President Barack Obama’s signature domestic accomplishment.     They have yet to achieve any major domestic policy successes in Congress this year, which could hurt their efforts to retain control of the Senate and House of Representatives in the November 2018 congressional elections. Republicans widely view Obamacare, which provides coverage to 20 million Americans, as a costly government overreach. Trump vowed frequently during the 2016 election campaign to scrap it. Democrats have fiercely defended it, saying it has extended health insurance to millions.  After falling short in July, Senate Republicans tried again this month with a bill that would have given states greater control over the hundreds of billions of dollars that the federal government spends annually on health care. As before, they ran into objections from members on the right and the center who opposed repeal for essentially opposite reasons. Senator Susan Collins, a moderate, complained it undermined the Medicaid program for the poor and weakened consumer protections. Senator Rand Paul, a conservative, said it left too many of Obamacare’s regulations and spending programs in place. Democrats said it was time for Republicans to work with them to fix Obamacare’s shortcomings, and Republican Senator Lamar Alexander said he would resume talks with Democratic Senator Patty Murray to shore up the law’s insurance subsidies. Shares of healthcare providers ended broadly higher. Hospital company HCA Healthcare Inc rose 1.8 percent, while insurer Centene Corp, which focuses on Medicaid, rose 2.2 percent. The insurance industry, hospitals, medical advocacy groups such as the American Medical Association, American Heart Association and American Cancer Society, the AARP advocacy group for the elderly and consumer activists opposed the latest bill. Trump said on Tuesday his administration was disappointed in “certain so-called Republicans” who did not support the bill. The Republican president said later he still had not given up hope that the law would eventually be repealed. “It’ll happen,” he told reporters while traveling to New York for a fundraiser. Republicans hold a slim 52-48 majority in the Senate and  at least three senators - Collins, Paul and John McCain of Arizona - had publicly rejected the bill. Republicans crafted special rules earlier this year that allowed them to pass a bill with a simple majority in the 100-seat chamber. After those rules expire at the start of the new fiscal year on Sunday, they will need at least 60 votes to advance most legislation.  John Thune, a member of the Republican leadership in the Senate, said the party would likely not try to undo Obamacare again until it was clear there were enough votes for it. He said the party would now focus on overhauling the U.S. tax code - another complex undertaking that could meet with stiff resistance from a wide range of interest groups. A CBS poll on Monday showed 52 percent of Americans disapproved of the Graham-Cassidy healthcare bill, while 20 percent approved.       “I will readily admit that the Republican Party has done a bad job of explaining what we’re for in terms of replace on Obamacare,” Republican Senator Ben Sasse said on the Senate floor. Six protesters staged a “die-in” on the floor of a Senate  office building, lying on the ground and covering their heads and bodies with a white shroud to represent what they said would be lives lost if the bill passed. The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office said the number of people with health insurance covering high-cost medical events would be slashed by millions if the latest Republican bill had it become law.  The CBO also found that federal spending on Medicaid would be cut by about $1 trillion from 2017 to 2026 and that millions of people would lose their coverage in the program, mainly from a repeal of federal funding for Obamacare’s Medicaid expansion. ",1
1536,U.S. healthcare bill's collapse escalates Republican infighting,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The failure by President Donald Trump and his fellow Republicans to dismantle Obamacare has infuriated the party’s conservative flank and is intensifying intra-party warfare ahead of the 2018 U.S. congressional elections.  Donors and activists upset by the collapse of the latest Senate healthcare bill said it hardened their determination to back conservative candidates in next year’s elections, even if that means ousting Republican incumbents. “I am fed up. I’m beyond frustrated,” said Mica Mosbacher, a Houston-based Republican fundraiser, who added she was “extremely disappointed in Ted Cruz,” a Republican U.S. senator from Texas who had threatened to oppose the latest healthcare bill because he wanted to see changes. Texas is scheduled to hold the first nominating primary of the midterm elections in March 2018.  Trump vowed during the 2016 election campaign to scrap the 2010 Affordable Care Act, former Democratic President Barack Obama’s signature domestic achievement, which Republicans see as a costly government overreach. Democrats say it has extended health insurance to millions. The latest bill to overturn Obamacare failed on Tuesday after three Senate Republicans, including moderate Susan Collins and conservative Rand Paul, said they could not support it. Republicans narrowly control the chamber by 52-48.  In November 2018, all 435 seats of the U.S. House of Representatives and 33 seats in the Senate will be up for election. In the Senate, that includes 23 Democrats and eight Republicans, with several in both parties in fights expected to be competitive. If a large number of Republicans are forced to defend their seats against challengers from their own party in primary fights, Democrats will seek to exploit weakened candidates in the general election in their effort to wrest control of the House and Senate from Republicans. A shift of either chamber into Democratic hands would make it even more difficult for Trump to pass his agenda of tax reform, toughening immigration laws and rolling back Obamacare. Republicans have not delivered a significant legislative win on any topic since Trump took office in January.  Mosbacher said she was “leaning toward supporting” Cruz’s primary opponent, Stefano de Stefano, even though she served as fundraiser for the incumbent’s 2012 campaign. Whoever prevails in that fight would likely face Beto O’Rourke, a well-funded Democrat, in the general election. Texas last elected a Democrat to the Senate in 1988. The conservative group Club For Growth has already begun interviewing Republican primary challengers it will consider backing next year.  “We’ll continue to push for full repeal of Obamacare, and we’re disappointed Republicans have been unable to deliver on their seven-year promise,” said Rachael Slobodien, a spokeswoman for Club for Growth. Club for Growth is not alone in its frustration over the defeat of the Obamacare repeal effort. David Bozell, president of ForAmerica, a conservative grassroots organization, said incumbents who failed to line up solidly behind repeal had “shown some true colors” and in doing so, were inviting primary fights for their party’s nomination. Republican Senators Jeff Flake of Arizona and Dean Heller of Nevada are top targets for conservative groups. Conservative Kelli Ward has already announced her candidacy challenging Flake, and is seeking to amass support as a more conservative option.  Dave Tamasi, a Republican lobbyist and fundraiser, said he thought it was too soon to know if the healthcare failure would hurt Republicans. “Opponents may try to use today or the failure to pass a repeal of the Affordable Care Act to give their candidacy a little bit of a push. The question is can that fuel today sustain itself over the long term of an election cycle,” he said. So far, Trump has been hedging his bets on the Republican primaries. But many of his allies are already backing conservative primary challengers. Trump has blasted Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell over Congress’ inaction. Such criticisms could help turn next year’s elections into a referendum on congressional incumbents, rather than on the president himself.  “I think we are entering an era of more primary challenges in general, The disappointment by activists over the inability for Republicans to repeal Obamacare only adds fuel to this fire,” said Craig Robinson, former political director of the Iowa Republican Party. ",1
1537,Trump urges NFL to ban players kneeling during anthem,"(Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump ramped up his fight with the National Football League on Tuesday, calling on the league to ban players from kneeling in protest at games while the national anthem is played. “The NFL has all sorts of rules and regulations. The only way out for them is to set a rule that you can’t kneel during our National Anthem!” Trump wrote on Twitter. For the fifth straight day the president denounced the symbolic gesture, which has been adopted by some black players in the last year to protest against racial disparities in the criminal justice system. An NFL spokesman did not respond to requests for comment. Trump praised two teams that played on Monday night and largely steered clear of the controversy. The Arizona Cardinals linked arms and stood for the “Star-Spangled Banner” along with the Dallas Cowboys, who knelt before the song. Last Friday, Trump told a political rally any protesting player was a “son of a bitch” who should be fired, and urged a boycott of NFL games, triggering protests by dozens of players, coaches and some owners before Sunday’s games.  Trump’s verbal assault may appeal to his conservative base as the Republican president grapples with critical issues including North Korea’s nuclear threats, a humanitarian crisis in hurricane-struck Puerto Rico, an investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election and the healthcare struggle in Congress. Paul Ryan, the most senior Republican in the U.S. House of Representatives, said he also disapproved of the gesture.  “People are clearly within their rights to express themselves how they see fit,” he told reporters. “My own view though is that we shouldn’t do it on the anthem.”  U.S. Attorney General Jeff Session told an audience at Washington’s Georgetown Law School that the protesting athletes were wrong. “The players aren’t subject to any prosecution, but if they take a provocative act, they can expect to be condemned,” he said. Hillary Clinton, Trump’s Democratic rival in the 2016 election, called Trump’s comments “a huge, loud dog whistle to his supporters” in an interview with CBS. Former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick first kneeled during the anthem last year to protest police shootings of unarmed black men.  His former teammate Eric Reid wrote in a New York Times opinion article that he and Kaepernick chose to kneel as a “respectful” gesture, comparing it to “a flag flown at half-mast to mark a tragedy.” ",1
1538,A majority of adults disagree with Trump on firing athletes who kneel during anthem: Reuters/Ipsos poll,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - A majority of Americans disagree with President Donald Trump’s assertion that football players should be fired for kneeling during the national anthem, even though most say they would personally stand during the song, according to an exclusive Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll released on Tuesday. The Sept. 25-26 poll found that 57 percent of adults do not think the National Football League should fire players who kneel. This included 61 percent of NFL fans who watch at least a few games per season. The results were split along party lines, however, as 82 percent of Democrats and 29 percent of Republicans disagreed with the president’s comments about firing football players. For poll results, see: tmsnrt.rs/2y6pxBk Trump waded into the issue last week at a political rally when he bemoaned what he saw as a decline in the sport. Among other things, Trump criticized players who want to draw attention to what they believe is social and racial injustice by refusing to stand during the anthem. “Wouldn’t you love to see one of these NFL owners, when somebody disrespects our flag, to say ‘get that son of a bitch off the field right now’,” Trump said at the rally. “He’s fired!” Trump, who once owned a pro football team in a now-defunct rival league, added that the NFL is “ruining the game” with a fixation on player safety.   The president’s comments sparked a swift and widespread rebuke from the NFL last weekend as many players, coaches and owners kneeled, locked arms or stayed off the field during pregame ceremonies. The Reuters/Ipsos poll explored the complicated feelings that many Americans have about how to express their nationality.  Eighty-five percent of adults said, for example, that they almost always “stand in silence” when the national anthem is played at an event they are attending. Seventy-four percent said they almost always put their hand over their heart. Yet, when it comes to professional athletes, there is less agreement about what is appropriate. While 58 percent of adults said that “professional athletes should be required to stand during the national anthem at sporting events,” there is rising support for those athletes who do not. In the latest poll, 40 percent of Americans said that they support the stance that some pro football players have made to not stand during the anthem. That is up from 28 percent who answered the same way in a similar Reuters/Ipsos poll last year. In addition, 53 percent of Americans do not think it is appropriate for the president to comment on “how the NFL and its players conduct themselves during the national anthem.” Former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick and a small number of other NFL players started kneeling during the national anthem last year to protest a series of high-profile police shootings that involved African-Americans.  The issue had largely faded at the start of the 2017 season, in part because Kaepernick was no longer playing for an NFL team. Trump’s comments, which were made in front of a conservative-leaning crowd in Alabama, reinvigorated the debate and made pregame NFL ceremonies must-see TV.  The Reuters/Ipsos poll was conducted online in English throughout the United States. It gathered responses from 1,622 people, including 628 Democrats, 583 Republicans and 919 people who watched a football game at least a few times during the season.  The poll has a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of 5 percentage points. ",1
1539,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (Sept 26) - NFL ratings, Nikki Haley, Spain","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - Ratings for NFL football are way down except before game starts, when people tune in to see whether or not our country will be disrespected![0628 EDT] - The booing at the NFL football game last night, when the entire Dallas team dropped to its knees, was loudest I have ever heard. Great anger [0635 EDT]     - But while Dallas dropped to its knees as a team, they all stood up for our National Anthem. Big progress being made-we all love our country! [0647 EDT] - Luther Strange has been shooting up in the Alabama polls since my endorsement. Finish the job - vote today for “Big Luther.” [0655 EDT] - Great interview on @foxandfriends with the parents of Otto Warmbier: 1994 - 2017. Otto was tortured beyond belief by North Korea. [0714 EDT] - Thank you to Carmen Yulin Cruz, the Mayor of San Juan, for your kind words on FEMA etc.We are working hard. Much food and water there/on way [0813 EDT] - The NFL has all sorts of rules and regulations. The only way out for them is to set a rule that you can’t kneel during our National Anthem! [0906 EDT] - ALABAMA, get out and vote for Luther Strange - he has proven to me that he will never let you down! #MAGA [0931 EDT] - Honored to welcome Republican and Democrat members of the House Ways and Means Committee to the White House today! [1213 EDT] - Heading over to the @UN to meet with Ambassador @NikkiHaley and all of her great representatives! #USA [1213 EDT] - America’s hearts & prayers are with the people of #PuertoRico & the #USVI. We will get through this - and we will get through this TOGETHER! [1734 EDT] - I want to express our support and extend our prayers to all those affected by the vile terror attack in Spain last month. [1832 EDT] - It was an honor to welcome President @MarianoraJoy of Spain. Thank you for standing w/ us in our efforts to isolate the brutal #NoKo regime. [1843 EDT] - Thank you to our wonderful team @USUN and their families. Keep up the GREAT work! #USA [1946 EDT] - 70 years ago today, the National Security Council met for the first time. Great history of advising Presidents-then & now! Thanks NSC Staff! [2030 EDT] - Even Usain Bolt from Jamaica, one of the greatest runners and athletes of all time, showed RESPECT for our National Anthem! [2115 EDT] - Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama. Luther Strange started way back & ran a good race. Roy, WIN in Dec! [2217 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
1540,"U.S. plans to admit maximum 45,000 refugees in next fiscal year","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration plans to admit up to 45,000 refugees to the United States in the fiscal year starting Oct. 1, a former U.S. official said on Tuesday, a ceiling that would keep admissions to their lowest level in over a decade. The White House settled on the figure after a contentious debate between officials who wanted a lower ceiling and those who wanted a higher one, said the former official, who spoke on condition of anonymity. On one side of the debate were officials who tended to look at the issue through a domestic political prism given President Donald Trump’s focus on curbing immigration during the 2016 U.S.  presidential campaign.  On the other were foreign policy experts who argued that taking refugees into the United States is vital to ensure other nations keep their borders open. The plan to set the cap at 45,000 was earlier reported by the Wall Street Journal newspaper. The former official, who favored a higher number, said the decision will undermine the U.S. ability to persuade nations such as Jordan, Turkey and Lebanon that have accepted huge flows of Syrian refugees to keep admitting them as well as to convince donor nations to keep up financial contributions for refugees. “We have no standing to play that role when we cut our own humanitarian assistance and when we are halving our refugee admissions,” said the former official. In his two travel ban executive orders, Trump directed the United States to accept a maximum of 50,000 refugees for permanent resettlement in the fiscal 2017 year ending Sept. 30, less than half the 110,000 President Barack Obama authorized. In part because of court challenges to those orders, the United States ultimately accepted more than 50,000 refugees during the current fiscal year. According to State Department data, the United States took in 51,392 refugees through August. If the United States accepts 45,000 in fiscal 2018, it would be the lowest level admitted since fiscal 2006, when it took in 41,223, according to State Department data. A State Department spokesman declined comment on the 45,000 figure, saying only that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Acting Secretary of Homeland Security Elaine Duke would consult Congress on Wednesday. “Each year, the president makes an annual determination, after appropriate consultation with Congress, regarding the refugee admissions ceiling for the following Fiscal Year. Secretary Tillerson and DHS Acting Secretary Duke will consult with Congress tomorrow,” he said.",1
1541,"Trump expected to set U.S. refugee cap at 45,000: sources","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration plans to cap the number of refugees admitted to the United States in the coming year at 45,000, two people with knowledge of the decision said on Tuesday, and advocates said this historically low level is insufficient in the face of growing humanitarian crises worldwide. That figure would be the lowest ceiling for refugee admissions since the U.S. Refugee Act was signed in 1980. Since then, the ceiling has never been set below 67,000 and in recent years has been around 70,000 to 80,000.  The secretaries of State and Homeland Security are consulting with members of Congress on Wednesday, according to one White House official. The president’s decision on the refugee limit will be announced following that consultation, two officials said. The Wall Street Journal first reported the 45,000 figure on Tuesday. By law, the president is required to consult with members of Congress about the number of refugee admissions before the start of each fiscal year, on Oct. 1.  The number of refugees actually admitted to the country, which can fall below the cap, dropped to its lowest in the fiscal year after the Sept. 11, 2001 terror attacks with only around 27,000 admitted. For fiscal year 2017, which ends Sept. 30, former President Barack Obama established a cap of 110,000 refugees for permanent resettlement in the United States.  After taking office in January, President Donald Trump issued an executive order lowering the maximum number to 50,000 for 2017, saying that more would be “detrimental to the interests of the United States.”  Critics said if the 2018 level is set even lower, it could damage the international reputation of the United States.  “It’s tragic,” said Robert Carey, former director of the Office of Refugee Resettlement under Obama. “It’s really moving away from the commitments the government has had for protections of refugees from both Republican and Democratic administrations,” he said. “Some people will die.” In a speech to the United Nations last week, Trump said that more could be done to help refugees in their home regions. Offering financial assistance to hosting countries “is the safe, responsible, and humanitarian approach,” Trump said. But that type of assistance “ignores all the people who have fled to places that are still not safe,” said another former Obama administration official, Anne Richard. “Those are the people that the U.S. program really rescues,” said Richard, a former assistant secretary for  refugees and migration at the State Department. She said other countries might try to follow suit by closing the door to more refugees.   A September 2016 study by the libertarian think tank the Cato Institute found that of 3.3 million refugees admitted to the United States between 1975 through 2015, 20 were convicted of planning or committing a terrorist attack on U.S. soil.  A spokesman for the Department of Homeland Security declined to comment ahead of Trump’s final decision on the cap. The State Department did not immediately respond to a request for comment. David Inserra from the conservative think tank The Heritage Foundation said Congress should have more of a say in setting the cap to avoid radical swings in the numbers when there is a change in administrations. “When president Obama increased the number dramatically Republicans said they didn’t want that but the consultation process didn’t give them any authority to stop it,” he said. “Now the same is going to be true for the other side.” ",1
1542,Trump ally Stone denies collusion with Russia,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican political consultant Roger Stone, a longtime ally of President Donald Trump, flatly denied allegations of collusion between the president’s associates and Russia during the 2016 U.S. election in a meeting with lawmakers on Tuesday. In a 47-page opening statement seen by Reuters before his appearance before the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee, Stone said he viewed the meeting “as a political proceeding” and accused some committee members of making “provably false” statements to create the impression of collusion with Russia. After spending almost three hours behind closed doors taking questions from committee members, Stone again denied accusations that he had engaged in improper conduct during the 2016 campaign but was much more contentious than in the rambling statement. “I am aware of no evidence whatsoever of collusion by the Russian state or anyone in the Trump campaign,” Stone told reporters. The House panel is one of the main congressional committees investigating allegations that Russia sought to interfere in the 2016 U.S. election and probing whether any Trump associates colluded with Moscow. Russia denies any such efforts, and Trump has dismissed any talk of collusion. Stone said he had had a frank exchange with committee members, but described some clashes between Democrats and Republicans. He said he answered all of their questions except for refusing to identify an “opinion journalist” who had acted as a go-between between Stone and Julian Assange. Assange is the publisher of WikiLeaks, which released emails stolen from Democrats that helped Trump’s campaign. After Stone spoke, Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the Intelligence Committee, said Stone had declined to answer one line of questions and the panel might have to subpoena him to return and do so. Schiff declined to say whether those questions were related to Assange. Stone also said he had no prior knowledge about the hacking of emails of John Podesta, chairman of the campaign of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, or their release to Wikileaks, even though he referred to Podesta on Twitter just before the group posted the emails. Representative Mike Conaway, the Republican overseeing the committee’s investigation, later said that talk of a subpoena was “premature,” and told ABC News he wanted to give Stone a chance to cooperate. Stone, one of Trump’s closest political advisers in the years before he ran for president, was formerly a partner in a lobbying firm with Paul Manafort, a Trump campaign manager. Manafort has also been scrutinized in the investigations into Russia and the election. In July, FBI agents raided his home. Stone said Manafort’s attorneys had informed his attorneys that federal prosecutors planned to indict Manafort. Stone said he had not heard from Robert Mueller, the special counsel investigating Russian involvement in the election and possible collusion, and there were currently no plans for a similar appearance before the Senate Intelligence Committee. Stone said he had spoken to Trump “recently,” but not about his appearance before the committee. In his written statement, Stone accused the committee of cowardice because he was not allowed to testify in an open forum. He said he wanted the transcript of his interview to be released. “I am most interested in correcting a number of falsehoods, misstatements, and misimpressions regarding allegations of collusion between Donald Trump, Trump associates, The Trump Campaign and the Russian state,” Stone said in the statement. U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Russia sought to influence the election to boost Trump’s chances of defeating Clinton. In his statement, Stone acknowledged his reputation as a tough political strategist, but said he did not engage in any illegal activities. “There is one ‘trick’ that is not in my bag and that is treason,” he said. ",1
1543,U.S. drug enforcement chief to step down from agency,"(Reuters) - The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration’s acting director on Tuesday said that he will be leaving his post, two months after he criticized Republican President Donald Trump for telling law enforcement officers not to be “too nice” to suspects. Acting Director Chuck Rosenberg, a holdover from Democratic President Barack Obama’s administration, told the agency’s staff in an internal email that he will be leaving his position effective Oct. 1. “This is a remarkable agency - full of remarkable people - and I am honored to have been a small part of it,” Rosenberg said in the message, which was reviewed by Reuters. It was unclear who would replace Rosenberg. The news was first reported by The Washington Post.  A spokesman for the DEA confirmed Rosenberg’s resignation. Rosenberg had been leading the DEA in an acting capacity since 2015. Before joining the agency, he served as chief of staff to former FBI director James Comey, who Trump fired in May.  Rosenberg generated headlines earlier this year after he wrote an agency-wide email in late July challenging comments by Trump suggesting officers do away with practices like protecting the head of a suspect being put into a patrol car. Citing “an obligation to speak out when something is wrong,” Rosenberg said Trump’s remarks, delivered in New York the previous day, “condoned police misconduct regarding the treatment of individuals placed under arrest by law enforcement.” He leaves the agency at a time when the DEA is grappling with the ongoing opioid drug epidemic, which has become a major law enforcement focus of the U.S. Justice Department. Opioids, including prescription painkillers and heroin, killed more than 33,000 people in the United States in 2015, more than any year on record, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. “Opioids such as heroin and fentanyl - and diverted prescription pain pills - are killing people in this country at a horrifying rate,” Rosenberg said in December. “We face a public health crisis of historic proportions.” ",1
1544,Republican U.S. Senator Corker will not seek re-election next year,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Bob Corker, the influential Republican chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said on Tuesday he will not run for re-election, a blow to a party already struggling to balance divisions between mainstream and more populist wings. A former mayor of Chattanooga, Tennessee, and a businessman, Corker, 65, had said when he was elected that he could not imagine serving more than two Senate terms. He said early this month he had not decided whether he would seek a third next year. An establishment Republican, Corker has been criticized from the right, and a conservative activist had already announced a primary challenge. But he was expected to keep the seat, and had amassed a $7.5 million campaign war chest. Corker has ruled out running for governor of Tennessee. “I have no idea what I’m going to do. No idea whatsoever,” Corker said in an interview. But he said he was not leaving out of frustration over deep party divides that have often paralyzed Congress. Corker announced his retirement on the day of the failure of the latest Republican effort to repeal former Democratic President Barack Obama’s healthcare law. “I am not going to be one of the people who leaves here badmouthing what is one of the greatest privileges of one’s life,” Corker said. “I know I’ll miss this place,” he said. He said he realized he was ready to retire on Aug. 24 during a factory groundbreaking in Clarksville, Tennessee, and almost announced his decision at least twice before Tuesday. Corker said that he made his announcement now to allow a strong candidate time to enter the Senate race. Corker is the first senator to announce his retirement ahead of the 2018 mid-term elections, when one-third of the 100-seat chamber will be up for grabs. Tennessee is a solidly Republican state and the party, which currently holds a 52-seat majority in the Senate, is favored to keep his seat. In his official announcement, Corker said that “after much thought, consideration and family discussion” over the past year, he and his wife Elizabeth “have decided that I will leave the United States Senate when my term expires at the end of 2018.” Corker has been a close national security adviser to President Donald Trump and was on the short list last year to be both his vice president and Secretary of State. But he has also clashed with the White House. In August, after Trump’s much-criticized reaction to violence at a white supremacist rally in Virginia, Corker told reporters in his home state Tennessee that Trump had not been able to demonstrate the “stability” or competence that he needed to be successful as president. Trump struck back on Twitter, where he said Corker’s statements were “strange” considering that he is “constantly asking me whether or not he should run again in ‘18.” “Tennessee not happy!” Trump tweeted. After the exchange, the two men had an hour-long meeting at the White House this month that Corker has described as a wide-ranging and friendly discussion. Corker will remain chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee until he leaves in January 2019. He said he wanted the panel to address issues including Secretary of State Rex Tillerson’s State Department reorganization, food aid reform, and the fight against human trafficking and modern slavery. Corker said the committee would address the international nuclear agreement with Iran, as Trump faces a mid-October deadline for deciding whether to certify that Tehran is complying with that pact. That decision could force Congress to decide whether to reimpose sanctions. Corker would not say whether Trump had decided to certify or not. It was not immediately clear who would succeed him as foreign relations chairman if Republicans maintain their Senate majority. Jim Risch is the next Republican in line, but Marco Rubio, one of Trump’s rivals last year for the presidential nomination, is also considered a contender. Corker is known for working with Democrats on a range of issues, from foreign relations to immigration and Obama’s auto industry bailout.  His statement alluded to his desire to continue to work “thoughtfully and independently” in the next 15 months, which could signal more conflicts with Trump. ",1
1545,"U.S. SEC chair grilled by Senate panel over cyber breach, Equifax","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The chairman of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) told a congressional committee on Tuesday he did not believe his predecessor Mary Jo White knew of a 2016 cyber breach to the regulator’s corporate disclosure system, the exact timing of which could not be known “for sure.” Jay Clayton, who was formally appointed to his role in May, also said listed companies should disclose more detailed information on cyber breaches “sooner,” and that the U.S. regulator was working on new guidelines to ensure this. The Senate Banking Committee grilled Clayton on Tuesday over a 2016 hack of EDGAR, the agency’s online corporate financial disclosure system, only disclosed last Wednesday, which has shaken confidence in the SEC’s cyber defenses. Clayton said he had decided last weekend to disclose the breach once he had enough information to establish it was “serious,” but he would not be drawn on who at the agency had known about it and whether there was an attempt to cover it up. “I have no belief sitting here that Chair White knew,” Clayton said when asked whether his predecessor had been aware of the hack, adding: “I don’t think we can know for sure” on the exact timing of the breach. Clayton fielded several questions from senators on the recent Equifax Inc data breach in which hackers stole personal data of about 143 million customers of the credit reporting firm, including on the timing of the company’s disclosure. Although the former Wall Street lawyer declined to comment on whether the SEC was investigating stock sales made by Equifax executives prior to the disclosure, he said he was “not ignoring” the issue.  The hearing, which had been scheduled prior to the disclosure of the SEC’s breach, offered lawmakers, companies and investors the first opportunity to hear from the SEC chief on the incident. Clayton originally had been scheduled to discuss capital market reform at his first hearing before the committee since being formally appointed in May, but his pro-growth agenda was largely eclipsed by the SEC breach and the Equifax scandal.  Wall Street’s top regulator came under fire last week after disclosing that hackers might have used information stolen from EDGAR, which houses millions of market-sensitive corporate disclosures such as earnings releases, for insider trading. “When we learn a year after the fact that the SEC had its own breach and that it likely led to illegal stock trades, it raises questions about why the SEC seems to have swept this under the rug,” Senator Sherrod Brown, the ranking Democratic member of the committee, asked Clayton during opening remarks. “What else are we not being told, what other information is at risk, and what are the consequences?” Brown asked. “How can you expect companies to do the right thing when your agency has not?” Reuters reported on Monday that the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the U.S. Secret Service have launched investigations into the breach, which occurred in October 2016 and appeared to have been routed through servers in Eastern Europe. The breach appeared to have been one of several cyber incidents documented by the SEC in recent months, Reuters reported. Clayton said he only learned about the 2016 hack in August and that the SEC’s enforcement staff and inspector general’s office have launched internal probes. The regulator reported the breach to the Department of Homeland Security’s Computer Emergency Readiness Team when it was first discovered, Clayton said in the testimony, adding the regulator plans to hire more cyber security experts. Clayton said the hack was possibly the result of a defect in the EDGAR software and said that personally identifiable information did not appear to have been put at risk, but he declined to provide further detail.  He said the SEC was still determining the extent and impact of the breach and that it could take “substantial time” to complete due to the amount of data that needed to be analyzed.  The committee also quizzed Clayton about other potential breaches at the agency and the regulator’s general cyber defenses.  Clayton said he could not say with “100 percent certainty” that the EDGAR breach was the only one suffered by the agency, and added that he planned to ask Congress for more funds to tackle the rising cyber threat. “We’re going to need more money for cyber security, and I intend to ask for it.” ",1
1546,Trump shows interest in bipartisan tax reform as Obamacare repeal collapses,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump told U.S. lawmakers on Tuesday he wants bipartisan cooperation on tax reform, as pressure on him to produce a legislative victory on any front escalated with the collapse of the latest Republican push to repeal Obamacare. The administration and Republicans in Congress are due to unveil a tax plan on Wednesday. The plan has been developed over several months by six White House and congressional Republicans working behind closed doors and with no input from Democrats. On the eve of its unveiling, Trump told members of the House of Representatives tax committee from both parties: “I’ve asked lawmakers of both parties to join us to discuss our framework. ... It’s time for both parties to come together.” He said lawmakers should expect a “very, very powerful document” that would deliver a big tax cut for the middle class. “We will cut taxes tremendously for the middle class - not just a little bit, but tremendously,” said the president, who is set to travel to Indianapolis on Wednesday to unveil the plan. Republicans, who control the White House and both chambers of Congress have been unable to deliver a significant legislative win on any topic since Trump took office in January. Senate Republicans admitted failure on Tuesday in their latest push to replace the 2010 Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare,, raising pressure on the party to overhaul the tax code this year, although that difficult effort has repeatedly been delayed. Republicans and Democrats who met with Trump on Tuesday said afterward that the president indicated an interest in working with Democrats on both tax reform and healthcare going forward. “He said you get a better deal if it’s bipartisan,” said Representative Richard Neal, the panel’s top Democrat. Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch has also called for bipartisan tax reform. Details of the Trump tax plan that have leaked out showed that the corporate income tax rate would be slashed to 20 percent from 35 percent, the rate for “pass-through” businesses to 25 percent from 39.6 percent, and the rate for top individual earners to 35 percent from 39.6 percent The U.S. tax code has not been overhauled since 1986 under Republican President Ronald Reagan. In the years since, it has gotten much more complex, skewed toward special interests and insufficient for raising enough revenue to cover Washington’s spending, producing a federal budget deficit. As the Trump administration and congressional Republicans have tried in recent months to forge a tax plan, their work has focused mostly on cutting tax rates and less on attempting a comprehensive overhaul of the code.   The Trump plan is expected to be light on specifics, particularly on how to pay for its proposed tax cuts, although Neal said the White House pushed hard on the idea of eliminating the deduction for state and local tax payments. Lawmakers said some key tax rates were still in flux on Tuesday.  Without offsets such as the closing of lucrative tax loopholes to pay for lower tax rates, the proposed tax cuts would deeply cut federal revenue by about $5 trillion in a decade, according to the nonpartisan Tax Foundation think tank. Such huge revenue losses, as well as the plan’s anticipated inclusion of a tax cut for the wealthiest Americans, could make cooperation difficult for Democrats, who want tax reform to be revenue neutral and to offer no relief for top earners. Neal said Trump showed a readiness to avoid cutting taxes for the wealthy during their meeting. “He said, quote, the rich will not benefit,” said the Massachusetts Democrat. Representative James Renacci, a Ways and Means Committee Republican, said individual tax rates were still under discussion, including the possibility of raising the tax rate for the poorest taxpayers to 12 percent from 10 percent.  “There are a lot of questions on where we’re at in that area at this point. Some things are not totally tied down,” Renacci told Reuters. “We’ve got some tweaking to do.” Among Republicans, even fiscal hawks were showing a willingness to accept huge revenue losses, predicting that aggressive tax cuts would drive future economic growth and produce new tax revenues that would pay for lower rates. Such economic assumptions have been questioned by Democrats, who say that the Trump tax plan will unfairly favor the wealthy and that providing them with tax cuts does not drive growth.  Senate Republicans tentatively agreed last week that tax legislation could lose up to $1.5 trillion over a decade, but become revenue neutral thereafter due to economic growth. On Tuesday, Mark Meadows, chairman of the conservative House Freedom Caucus, said he would not support a tax reform plan with a corporate tax rate above 20 percent or a small-business tax rate above 25 percent. ",1
1547,Trump administration tells court law does not ban bias against gay workers,"(Reuters) - A Trump administration lawyer on Tuesday urged a U.S. appeals court in Manhattan to rule that federal law does not ban discrimination against gay employees. The U.S. Department of Justice is supporting a New York skydiving company, Altitude Express Inc, in a lawsuit brought by former instructor Donald Zarda, who accused the company of firing him after he told a customer he was gay and she complained. Zarda died in a BASE-jumping accident after filing the lawsuit, and his estate took over the case. Judges on the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals focused their questions on whether discrimination against gay workers is a form of unlawful sex bias under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. That law bans discrimination based on workers’ sex, race, religion and other traits.   Justice Department lawyer Hashim Mooppan told the court that Congress never intended for that law to protect gay workers against bias. And in recent years, he said, lawmakers have repeatedly declined to pass bills that would prohibit employment discrimination against gay workers.  During the Obama administration, the Justice Department had not weighed in on the case. But the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, which appeared at Tuesday’s hearing on behalf of Zarda’s estate, has been arguing for five years that bias against gay workers violates the law. The EEOC is an independent federal agency that enforces Title VII.  So far, only one federal appeals court, in Chicago, has agreed with the commission.  Several 2nd Circuit judges questioned Mooppan about why the Justice Department got involved, and whether it first consulted with the EEOC. Mooppan said it would not be appropriate for him to discuss the department’s internal procedures. Lawyers for Zarda’s estate and the EEOC told the court gay workers are protected by Title VII because sexual orientation is necessarily linked to a person’s sex.  LGBT groups say the case is crucial because a victory for Zarda’s estate would deepen a split among federal appeals courts and increase the chances that the U.S. Supreme Court will take up the issue. Earlier this month, the high court was asked to review a ruling that dismissed a similar case by a former hospital security guard in Georgia. A three-judge 2nd Circuit panel in April had ruled against Zarda’s estate, citing a prior ruling that said discrimination against gay workers is not a form of sex bias. The full court can overturn the prior decision. The case is Zarda v. Altitude Express Inc, 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, No. 15-3775. ",1
1548,U.S. Senate plans to vote on FCC chairman tenure this week,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on Tuesday moved to force the Senate to vote later this week on the nomination of Federal Communications Commission Chairman Ajit Pai to serve another five-year term. The vote on Pai is expected after Democrats plan to harshly criticize him for moving to dismantle Obama-era internet access rules and taking other steps to deregulate U.S. telecommunications rules. McConnell on Tuesday filed a petition to force a vote to end debate on Pai’s nomination. Pai, a former Justice Department, FCC and Capitol Hill staffer, has been moving swiftly to undo many of the regulations adopted by the FCC during the Obama administration since assuming the chairmanship. Pai joined the FCC as a commissioner in March 2012 and was elevated to chairman by President Donald Trump in January. He would be forced to leave at the end of this year if the Senate does not reconfirm him to a new five-year-term In April, Pai proposed overturning the landmark 2015 net neutrality rules. On Tuesday, Pai declined to say when he might ask the FCC to give final approval to the proposal. The rules, which the FCC put in place under Democratic President Barack Obama, prohibit broadband providers from giving or selling access to speedy internet, essentially a “fast lane,” to certain internet services over others. The rules reclassified internet service providers much like utilities. They were favored by web companies like Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and others, which said they would guarantee equal access to the internet to all, but opposed by internet service providers, which said they could eventually result in rate regulation, inhibit innovation and make it harder to manage traffic. Internet providers such as AT&T Inc, Verizon Communications Inc and Comcast Corp have argued that the net neutrality rules have made investment in additional capacity less likely. Earlier this year, the FCC voted 2-1 to reverse a 2016 decision that limits the number of television stations some broadcasters can buy. Pai has said he plans to take a new look at the current overall limit on companies owning stations serving no more than 39 percent of U.S. television households and plans a comprehensive review of close to 1,000 pages of media regulations. ",1
1549,Republican Senator Alexander to consult on bipartisan healthcare plan,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican Senator Lamar Alexander said Tuesday that he would again consult with Democratic colleague Patty Murray on a bipartisan deal to repair Obamacare - a week after pulling out of those talks. Alexander, in a statement, said he would seek “consensus on a limited bipartisan plan that could be enacted into law to help lower premiums and make insurance available to the 18 million Americans in the individual market in 2018 and 2019.” Alexander and Murray had been working to protect payments made to insurers to compensate for discounts to low-income Americans enrolled in Obamacare. Alexander pulled out of the talks a week ago as a Republican bill to repeal Obamacare gained momentum, but support for that bill has now collapsed. ",1
1550,U.S. Attorney General defends Trump on NFL protests at free-speech talk,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Tuesday denounced football players who have protested racism by kneeling or locking arms during the playing of the national anthem before games, saying that even though their speech is protected, they should be condemned for showing disrespect to the country. Speaking to an audience at Georgetown Law School, Sessions said athletes who chose to protest during the national anthem were making a “big mistake” with an action that “weakens the commitment we have to this nation.” Sessions was at Georgetown to deliver an address about free speech on college campuses. Earlier, U.S. President Donald Trump called on the National Football League to ban players from kneeling in protest while the anthem is played. “The players aren’t subject to any prosecution, but if they take a provocative act, they can expect to be condemned, and the president has the right to condemn them, and I would condemn their actions,” he said. Sessions is the latest member of the Trump administration to jump into the fray over national anthem protests by National Football League teams. Trump has been fueling debate on the issue since Friday, when he spoke at a rally and said that any protesting player was a “son of a bitch” who should be “fired.” He has since kept up the pressure through a series of Twitter messages. But his comments have touched off a series of protests by NFL players, coaches and some owners at football games. The comments may play well with Trump’s conservative base at a time when the Republican president is grappling with North Korea’s nuclear threats, a humanitarian crisis in hurricane-struck Puerto Rico, an investigation of Russian meddling in the 2016 election and a healthcare struggle in Congress.  Sessions made his remarks about the NFL protests following a speech he gave on free speech, in which he said the Justice Department is going to start taking greater steps to protect the rights of speakers on college campuses whom he fears are being censored by student protesters. When asked during a question and answer session afterwards if he was concerned that President Trump was condemning players for exercising their free speech rights, Sessions said that “the president has free speech rights too.” ",1
1551,"Trump says he is willing work with Democrats on healthcare, taxes: lawmaker","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump told several lawmakers on Tuesday that he would work with Democrats in Congress to overhaul the nation’s healthcare system if Republicans fail to pass a measure to repeal and replace Obamacare, a key lawmaker said.  “On healthcare, he made that clear, that if he didn’t get what he wanted, that he was going to work with Democrats on a plan,” for healthcare and that he wanted bipartisan tax reform, U.S. Representative Richard Neal, the top Democrat on the House Ways and Means Committee, said following panel members’ meeting with Trump at the White House earlier on Tuesday.  ",1
1552,Trump urges NFL to ban players kneeling during anthem,"(Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump ramped up his fight with the National Football League on Tuesday, calling on the league to ban players from kneeling in protest at games while the national anthem is played. “The NFL has all sorts of rules and regulations. The only way out for them is to set a rule that you can’t kneel during our National Anthem!” Trump wrote on Twitter. For the fifth straight day the president denounced the symbolic gesture, which has been adopted by some black players in the last year to protest against racial disparities in the criminal justice system. An NFL spokesman did not respond to requests for comment. Trump praised two teams that played on Monday night and largely steered clear of the controversy. The Arizona Cardinals linked arms and stood for the “Star-Spangled Banner” along with the Dallas Cowboys, who knelt before the song. Last Friday, Trump told a political rally any protesting player was a “son of a bitch” who should be fired, and urged a boycott of NFL games, triggering protests by dozens of players, coaches and some owners before Sunday’s games.  Trump’s verbal assault may appeal to his conservative base as the Republican president grapples with critical issues including North Korea’s nuclear threats, a humanitarian crisis in hurricane-struck Puerto Rico, an investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election and the healthcare struggle in Congress. Paul Ryan, the most senior Republican in the U.S. House of Representatives, said he also disapproved of the gesture.  “People are clearly within their rights to express themselves how they see fit,” he told reporters. “My own view though is that we shouldn’t do it on the anthem.”  U.S. Attorney General Jeff Session told an audience at Washington’s Georgetown Law School that the protesting athletes were wrong. “The players aren’t subject to any prosecution, but if they take a provocative act, they can expect to be condemned,” he said. Hillary Clinton, Trump’s Democratic rival in the 2016 election, called Trump’s comments “a huge, loud dog whistle to his supporters” in an interview with CBS. Former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick first kneeled during the anthem last year to protest police shootings of unarmed black men.  His former teammate Eric Reid wrote in a New York Times opinion article that he and Kaepernick chose to kneel as a “respectful” gesture, comparing it to “a flag flown at half-mast to mark a tragedy.” ",1
1553,Trump says 'not distracted' by NFL protests,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s criticisms of National Football League players kneeling in protest during the national anthem have not distracted him from other concerns, he told journalists on Tuesday. “I wasn’t preoccupied with the NFL. I was ashamed of what was taking place because to me, that was a very important moment,” Trump said, adding later, “I have plenty of time on my hands. All I do is work.” ",1
1554,Republican senator says it appears will be no vote on healthcare bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Senator Pat Roberts said on Tuesday that “it would appear” there will be no vote on the latest bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act, after Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and co-sponsors Senators Lindsey Graham and Bill Cassidy decided there were not enough votes to pass it. Roberts told reporters that Republicans would target healthcare “in some form” later in the current legislative session. ",1
1555,U.S. Congress to act on Puerto Rico relief: House Speaker,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan on Tuesday said Congress would act to provide to the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico the same disaster relief following Hurricane Maria that had been granted to Texas and Florida after Hurricanes Harvey and Irma. “When we get the information we need from the administration, we will be doing more in Congress to act on all of these hurricane victims wherever they are, because these hurricanes have really wreaked havoc on many of our fellow citizens,” Ryan told reporters at a news conference.  ",1
1556,Students protest U.S. Attorney General speech at Georgetown,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Students and faculty at Georgetown Law School gathered on Tuesday to protest that U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions was delivering an address about the right of free speech on college campuses to an invitation-only audience without giving critics of the Trump administration an opportunity to ask questions. Several dozen protesters stood on the front steps of the school, some with duct tape over their mouths to symbolize that they felt their views were censored from the event. Some held signs denouncing racism, censorship and U.S. President Donald Trump’s decision to rescind “DACA,” the Obama administration’s Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals policy that shields immigrants who were brought to the United State as children. Taking turns with a bullhorn, students and some faculty members accused the school of shutting them out from attending the speech and asking questions.  In his address, Sessions focused on concerns about whether the rights of speakers on college campuses were being trampled by student protesters who find their views offensive. Sessions complained that protesters were silencing speakers. He also said the department plans to file a brief in a college free speech case this week. Protesters “are now routinely shutting down speeches and debates across the country in an effort to silence voices that insufficiently conform with their views,” he said. One protester, third-year law student Charlotte Berschback, complained on the sidelines of the protest that invitations to the Sessions speech had been withdrawn from students who had RSVPed and had initially been told they would have a seat. “We pay a ton of tuition,” she said. “We should have a role in deciding who comes to our school.” She added that liberal students had been excluded from attending the Sessions event and that the school should have used a lottery process to let students attend. Sessions cited concerns about multiple incidents at college campuses around the country, including the University of California at Berkeley and Middlebury College in Vermont. Sessions mentioned recent violent protests at Berkeley. He said the school “was reportedly forced to spend more than $600,000 and have an overwhelming police presence simply to prove that the mob was not in control of the campus.” The Justice Department later said it was also filing a brief on behalf of students at Georgia Gwinnett College who are challenging a school policy that requires them to use “free speech zones” to express their views. ",1
1557,"Cowboys, Cardinals link arms amid anthem protests","PHOENIX (Reuters) - Two National Football League teams largely steered clear of a controversy over national anthem protests that have ensnared U.S. President Donald Trump and threatened to damage the game’s popularity, staging a “moment of unity” on Monday instead. The entire Dallas Cowboys team, including owner Jerry Jones, linked arms and knelt on the playing field for a moment before the game, but then stood respectfully as the “Star-Spangled Banner” was performed by singer Jordin Sparks. “We all agreed that our players wanted to make a statement about unity and we wanted to make a statement about equality,” Jones said after his team beat the Arizona Cardinals 28-17.  Jones has previously expressed pride that no players on his team had taken to one knee as the anthem was played and said he was disappointed to see such protests. Cardinals players joined arms as a giant flag was unfurled on the field but did not kneel. “Prior to the National Anthem, the @DallasCowboys and @AZCardinals shared a moment of unity on the field,” the NFL said in a Twitter post that was retweeted by the Cowboys.  Former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick stirred a polarizing national debate in 2016 after refusing to stand during pre-game renditions of the “Star Spangled Banner” to protest against police violence against African-Americans. Kaepernick was not signed by an NFL team this season but several players have made similar gestures. Trump kicked off his battle with the largest-grossing U.S. professional sports league at a rally on Friday, when he said any protesting player was a “son of a bitch” who should be “fired.”Those remarks touched off protests by dozens of NFL players, coaches and even some owners at games on Sunday, along with criticism from many corners of the sports world. “The childishness, the gratuitous fear-mongering and race baiting has become so consistent that we almost expect it, the bar has been lowered so far,” Gregg Popovich, head coach of the San Antonio Spurs basketball team, told reporters.  The head of the U.S. Olympic Committee (USOC) spoke out in support of the protesters at NFL games. “The athletes you see protesting are protesting because they love their country,” USOC Chief Executive Scott Blackmun told reporters in Park City, Utah. The International Olympic Committee’s charter prohibits “demonstrations of political, religious or racial propaganda” at Olympic venues. Not all players joined in Sunday’s protests. Notably, Pittsburgh Steelers lineman Alejandro Villanueva, a U.S. Army veteran, stood alone at the entrance to the stadium for the anthem on Sunday while his teammates waited in the locker room. Villanueva jerseys and other apparel have outsold those of all other players in the past 24 hours, said a spokesman for online retailer Fanatics, which operates NFLShop.com. Villanueva’s teammate, Ben Roethlisberger, said on Monday he regretted having missed the anthem. “I was unable to sleep last night,” Roethlisberger said in a statement. “I personally don’t believe the Anthem is ever the time to make any type of protest.”      Trump kept up his verbal battle with the players on Monday, saying on Twitter that his objection to the protests had nothing to do with race but was “about respect for our Country, Flag and National Anthem. NFL must respect this!” The president, who has called for a boycott of NFL games, also tweeted: “Tremendous backlash against the NFL and its players for disrespect of our Country.” The demonstrations have become a thorny issue for the league, which has sought to support players’ rights to protest while trying to keep politics from overshadowing games. CBS Corp said overall viewership of games it broadcast on Sunday was up 4 percent from last year and 1 percent from last week. NBC, owned by Comcast Corp, said viewership for its Sunday night game was down compared with the week before. “The protest has nothing to do with respecting the flag. I agree with their message but not doing it during the anthem,” U.S. Air Force veteran Jimmy Phillips, 43, said before Monday’s game in Phoenix. Nike Inc said it supported athletes who had joined the protests. “Nike supports athletes and their right to freedom of expression on issues that are of great importance to our society,” Nike said in a statement. The debate attracted intense attention online, with the hashtag “#TakeAKnee” racking up 2.4 million mentions and “#TakeTheKnee” used 1.2 million times by Monday, while “#BoycottNFL” had 101,500 mentions. Prominent players continued to speak out against Trump on Monday.     New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady, who has said he considers Trump a friend, said on Monday he disagreed with the president’s remarks. “I thought it was just divisive,” Brady told Boston’s WEEI radio. At the same time as he berated the NFL, Trump praised car-racing league NASCAR, which saw no protests at its Sunday race in New Hampshire. (The story has been corrected to add missing words “we wanted to” in paragraph 3) ",1
1558,Trump ally Stone may face House intelligence subpoena: lawmaker,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Roger Stone, a longtime ally of President Donald Trump, refused to respond to one line of questioning from members of the U.S. House of Representatives Intelligence Committee on Tuesday and could face a subpoena to return and answer them, the panel’s top Democrat said. “Hopefully, he will cooperate in the future. If not, it will be necessary to subpoena him to bring him back to answer those important questions,” Representative Adam Schiff told reporters after Stone completed a three-hour meeting with committee members. ",1
1559,Co-leader of Germany's far-right AfD to quit in major blow,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Frauke Petry, co-leader of the far-right Alternative for Germany, said on Tuesday she was leaving the party in a major blow to its credibility just two days after it surged to third place in a national election. The anti-immigrant AfD won 12.6 percent of the vote in Germany’s election on Sunday, becoming the third-largest group in parliament and the first from the far-right to win seats in the Bundestag since the 1950s.  Petry, the highest-profile figure in the AfD’s more moderate wing, had shocked other senior members by saying on Monday she would not sit with the AfD in the Bundestag (lower house) but rather as an independent member of parliament. Her husband, another senior AfD figure, is also leaving the party.  “We tried to change course but you have to realize when you reach a point when that is no longer possible,” Petry, a 42-year-old chemist, told reporters in the eastern city of Dresden. “I have five children for whom I am responsible and ultimately you have to be able to look yourself in the mirror.” Petry has clashed with other senior members, arguing for the party to take a more moderate course to make it possible for it to join a coalition government. Her husband, Marcus Pretzell - head of the AfD in the western state of North Rhine-Westphalia (NRW) and also an MP in the European Parliament - is quitting the party and will become an independent MP, a spokesman for the AfD in NRW said. The spokesman said Pretzell and another AfD lawmaker in NRW’s regional assembly who is also leaving the party had made the decision for reasons of “personal integrity”. On Monday, four of the 17 AfD lawmakers in the assembly of the eastern state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern announced they were bolting because the party had become more radical. Europe’s far-right parties have a history of infighting among their various factions. Marine Le Pen, leader of France’s National Front, last week lost her deputy over policy differences.  Alexander Gauland and Alice Weidel, the AfD’s top candidates during the election campaign, were elected as chairs of the party’s parliamentary group on Tuesday. Gauland is a supporter of Bjoern Hoecke, a senior AfD member who has courted controversy by denying that Adolf Hitler was “absolutely evil” and calling Berlin’s Holocaust Memorial a “monument of shame”. Weidel was originally an opponent of Hoecke but has not been so critical of him lately. Weidel said she did not expect other lawmakers to quit the party but added: “We’ll have to see. The step surprised us all, but there are not yet any trends recognizable in the future parliamentary group.” Senior AfD member Dirk Driesang, who in July founded a moderate group within the AfD called the “Alternative Centre”, with which Petry was said to sympathize, told news magazine Der Spiegel that the group could not understand Petry’s decision and would not be following in her footsteps. He said the group would continue to fight for the AfD to take a moderate course and added that “a spin-off from the AfD is a stillbirth”. Driesang pointed to the example of Bernd Lucke, who founded the AfD then left in 2015 due to what he saw as rising xenophobia and then formed a new, unsuccessful party. Petry was the most recognizable face in the AfD during its swift rise over the past two years. But she said on Monday she could not stand with an “anarchistic party” that lacked a credible plan to govern. For months, Petry has urged the AfD to soften its stance and prepare to join coalition governments, while others wanted the party to stick to opposition. Mainstream parties refuse to work with the AfD. She had also distanced herself from some of the AfD’s more radical senior members, saying their comments were putting voters off. Gauland caused a scandal during the election campaign by saying Germans should be proud of their World War Two soldiers. He also said the integration minister should be “disposed of” in Turkey, where her parents come from. As the AfD convened in Berlin on Tuesday for its first parliamentary group meeting, Gauland said discussions in the Bundestag would not echo those of the party’s campaign. “It’s clear that the talks during the campaign are different to those held in parliament,” he said.   ",1
1560,"Ex-N.Y. state senate leader's corruption conviction vacated, faces retrial","NEW YORK (Reuters) - A U.S. appeals court on Tuesday threw out the conviction of former New York state Senate Majority Leader Dean Skelos, citing a recent U.S. Supreme Court decision that narrowed the conduct that can sustain federal corruption charges. But the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals said federal prosecutors can retry Skelos and his son, Adam Skelos, for bribery and fraud because the evidence presented at trial was “sufficient” to prove their case. The ruling came two months after the court also vacated the bribery conviction of former New York state Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver, employing similar reasoning. Acting U.S. Attorney in Manhattan Joon Kim said in a statement that his office would pursue a “prompt retrial where we will have another opportunity to present the overwhelming evidence of Dean Skelos and Adam Skelos’ guilt.” Prosecutors previously said they would also retry Silver. Alexandra Shapiro, a lawyer for Skelos, said in an email: “We believe that as events unfold it is going to become clear that this is a case that never should have been brought.” The back-to-back convictions of Silver and Skelos, the state’s most powerful legislators, in November and December 2015 represented two of the most high-profile victories for former Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara, who made public corruption a major focus during his tenure before he was fired by U.S. President Trump in March. Skelos, 69, a Republican, was sentenced to five years in prison in May 2016, while his son Adam was sentenced to 6-1/2 years. Both were free on bail at the time of Tuesday’s decision. Together with Governor Andrew Cuomo, Skelos and Silver were members of the “three men in a room” in the state capital of Albany that hold enormous sway over major legislation. The U.S. Supreme Court last year overturned the corruption conviction of former Virginia Governor Bob McDonnell, finding that routine acts such as setting up meetings or contacting other politicians did not qualify as “official acts” under federal bribery statutes. The 2nd Circuit said on Tuesday that the jury instructions at Skelos’ trial, which occurred before the McDonnell decision, were therefore improper, through no fault of the judge or the prosecutors. The elder Skelos was found guilty of using his position as Senate majority leader to pressure three companies seeking his political support into paying his son, including for a lucrative “no-show” job. In exchange, Skelos pushed through bills to benefit the companies, according to prosecutors. The case is U.S. v. Skelos et al, 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, Nos. 16-1618 and 16-1697. ",1
1561,U.S. Senate panel backs Huntsman to be Trump's ambassador to Russia,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee unanimously backed former Utah Governor Jon Huntsman to be President Donald Trump’s first ambassador to Russia on Tuesday, clearing the way for his likely approval by the full Senate. At his Sept 19 confirmation hearing, Huntsman had said there was “no question” Moscow meddled in the 2016 U.S. election, and pledged to bring up the matter with the Russian government. Allegations that Russia interfered in the vote to boost Trump’s chances of winning the White House, denied by both Trump and Moscow, have shadowed the first months of Trump’s presidency. Huntsman’s tough line during his hearing was welcomed by several members of the foreign relations panel. Many members of Congress, including several of Trump’s fellow Republicans, are concerned the president will not take a hard enough line in dealings with Russia to combat Russian expansionism in eastern Europe or its support for Syria’s government in that country’s civil war. A vote by the full Senate on Huntsman’s confirmation has not yet been scheduled. ",1
1562,Trump says tax reform will include big cuts for middle class,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Tuesday that a tax reform plan being discussed with lawmakers will cut taxes “tremendously” for the middle class, nearly double the standard deduction and try to make the tax code simple and fair. Trump, who was meeting with members of the House Ways and Means committee, told reporters: “I look forward to working with the members of Congress gathered here today to pass the reform and the massive tax cuts that our country desperately needs to thrive, to grow, to prosper.” He added that his administration was “very disappointed” in a couple of Republican senators who failed to support a Republican bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. ",1
1563,Republican McConnell holds out hope for Obamacare repeal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Mitch McConnell, the U.S. Senate’s top Republican, clung to slim hopes on Tuesday that his party could still dismantle Obamacare, despite not having adequate support for a repeal bill. Facing the possibility of another failure to make good on their 7-year-old pledge to roll back the healthcare law, McConnell told senators the debate on healthcare would continue. He said nothing about whether he would bring the repeal bill to a vote, leaving open the option of letting the measure simply die if more firm votes for it cannot be nailed down. Republicans have vowed for years to get rid of the 2010 Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare, but they are up against a Sept. 30 deadline to pass a bill with a simple majority, or face a much tougher path toward dismantling it. Senator Susan Collins rebuffed intense lobbying from fellow Republicans and the promise of money for her state when she decided on Monday to oppose - and likely doom - the latest effort to repeal Obamacare. It was a blow for President Donald Trump who has made undoing Democratic former President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law a top priority since the 2016 campaign and who pressured Collins in a call on Monday. Republicans hold a slim 52-48 majority in the Senate and  at least two other Republican senators, John McCain and Rand Paul, have already rejected the bill. No votes from McCain, Collins and another Republican, Lisa Murkowski, killed an effort by the Senate to undo Obamacare in July. While Obamacare extended health insurance to some 20 million Americans, many Republicans believe it is an unwarranted and costly government intrusion into healthcare, while also opposing taxes it imposed on the wealthy. McConnell opened the Senate on Tuesday by praising the measure, which is sponsored by Republican senators Lindsey Graham and Bill Cassidy. He said it contrasted sharply with Democratic proposals for “single-payer” healthcare. “It’s an important debate for our country,” McConnell said. “It’s one that will certainly continue.” The Graham-Cassidy bill would take federal money spent on the Medicaid program for the poor and disabled, as well as subsidies to help Americans buy private insurance, and divvy it up to the states in block grants. One main complaint by opponents of the bill is that it would mean sweeping cuts in funding to Medicaid. ",1
1564,U.S. House Republican speaker Ryan opposes protests during anthem,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Republican Speaker Paul Ryan told journalists on Tuesday that athletes who protest during the national anthem have the right to do so, but that he believes such demonstrations should not take place during “The Star-Spangled Banner.” “People are clearly within their rights to express themselves how they see fit. My own view though is that we shouldn’t do it on the anthem. The national anthem, our flag, and the people who defend it, represent it, that should be celebrated everywhere and always, and that’s my opinion,” Ryan said. U.S. President Donald Trump ramped up his fight with the National Football League earlier on Tuesday, calling on the popular league to ban players from kneeling in protest at games while the national anthem is played. ",1
1565,U.S. McConnell: debate on healthcare will continue,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on Tuesday said the U.S. debate on healthcare would continue, but said nothing about whether he would bring an Obamacare repeal bill to a vote. Opening the Senate, McConnell praised the bill sponsored by Republican Senators Lindsey Graham and Bill Cassidy, saying it contrasted sharply with Democratic proposals for “single-payer” healthcare. “It’s an important debate for our country. It’s one that will certainly continue,” McConnell, a Republican, said.   Three Republican senators have said they will vote against Graham-Cassidy. But Republicans can lose no more than two votes on the measure, leaving the bill with no clear path to advancing in the Senate.   ",1
1566,Ex-U.S. Rep. Weiner sentenced to 21 months in teen 'sexting' case,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Former U.S. Representative Anthony Weiner was sentenced to 21 months in prison on Monday for sending sexually explicit messages to a 15-year-old girl, setting off a scandal that played a role in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Weiner, 53, started to cry as soon as the sentence was announced by U.S. District Judge Denise Cote in Manhattan. His wife Huma Abedin, an aide to Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, was not in the courtroom and has filed for divorce. He pleaded guilty in May to transferring obscene material to a minor, and agreed he would not appeal any sentence of 27 months or less. “I was a very sick man for a very long time, but I’m also responsible for the damage I have done,” Weiner read from a statement in court before he was sentenced. He said he was being treated, and asked Cote to spare him prison and sentence him to probation so he could continue treatment. Weiner’s lawyer, Arlo Devlin-Brown, said that while Weiner exchanged sexually explicit messages with many women, all of the others were adults. Cote said she believed Weiner was suffering from an addiction, and was serious about being treated. However, she said it was important to deter others from committing similar crimes. “There is the opportunity to make a statement that could protect other minors,” she said. “We are of course disappointed that Anthony was sentenced to prison, particularly so given that Judge Cote found that the treatment program Anthony had engaged in for the past year was showing great promise and should be continued,” Weiner’s lawyer, Devlin-Brown, said in a statement Monday afternoon. Weiner declined to speak to reporters as he left the courtroom. He was ordered to surrender by Nov. 6. The investigation into Weiner’s exchanges with a North Carolina high school student roiled the 2016 U.S. presidential campaign in its final days, when authorities found emails on Weiner’s laptop from his wife. Weiner, who wore his wedding band at the sentencing, and Abedin have a son, Jordan, who is 5 years old.  The discovery of the emails prompted James Comey, then director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, to announce in late October that the agency was reopening its investigation into Clinton’s use of a private email server while she was U.S. secretary of state. Clinton has said the announcement contributed to her upset loss to Republican Donald Trump, who had accused her of endangering national security by using the private server. President Trump fired Comey in May amid the FBI’s probe into whether his campaign colluded with Russia to defeat Clinton, a claim the president has denied. Weiner represented parts of New York City in the U.S. House of Representatives for 12 years before resigning in 2011, after it emerged that he had exchanged sexually explicit messages with adult women. In 2013, Weiner ran for New York City mayor, but was defeated in the Democratic primary after more lewd messages became public. (This version of the story corrects paragraph 16 to say that Weiner did not drop out of the 2013 mayoral election, but instead was defeated). ",1
1567,Self-driving car advocates launch ad campaign to prod Congress,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A coalition of supporters of self-driving cars said on Tuesday that it will run ads this week in social media and Washington newspapers, in an effort to convince the U.S. Congress to adopt sweeping legislation to boost the nascent industry. The ads are being placed by the Coalition for Future Mobility, which was formed in July by trade groups representing major automakers, along with other advocates for self-driving cars, as Congress began serious consideration of bills relating to autonomous vehicles. They want the Senate to pass a bill that would speed up the use of self-driving cars by easing safety regulations, and bar states from blocking such vehicles. The House of Representatives has already unanimously approved a bill. The Senate is considering a similar draft measure, but is divided over whether to include large commercial trucks, a dispute that could prevent the bill from winning approval this year.  The House measure, which only applies to vehicles under 10,000 pounds (4,536 kg), would allow automakers to obtain exemptions to deploy up to 25,000 vehicles without meeting existing auto safety standards in the first year. The cap would rise over three years to 100,000 vehicles annually. As part of the campaign, major automakers will be contacting their employees and retirees, asking them to reach out to their members of Congress, a spokeswoman for the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers said. The coalition launched a website and will use targeted Facebook advertising, focusing on groups who could benefit from autonomous vehicles, such as disabled veterans. One of the print ads seen by Reuters features a man dressed in military fatigues sitting in a wheelchair. The ad says: “He fought for our freedom. Let’s give him back his.” That “will only become a reality if Congress acts,” the ad says. The coalition includes trade groups representing automakers General Motors Co, Toyota Motor Corp and Volkswagen AG (VOWG_p.DE), as well as organizations including ride sharing firm Lyft Inc, the Telecommunications Industry Association, the American Council of the Blind and a drone industry group.      Senate aides have been negotiating in recent days but have not reached agreement. A Senate panel could take up the issue at an Oct. 4 hearing, aides say. Auto industry leaders say 3 million commercial truck jobs could eventually be at risk if self-driving vehicles replaced human drivers. Self-driving proponents say 94 percent of U.S. car crashes are the result of human error and argue self-driving cars could dramatically cut the 35,000 annual road deaths. ",1
1568,House panel probing private email use by White House aides,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. House of Representatives committee asked the White House on Monday for information about a media report that senior officials used private email accounts for government business. The request by the Republican and Democratic leaders of the House Oversight Committee follows a Politico report on Sunday that President Donald Trump’s son-in-law and close adviser, Jared Kushner, and other current and former White House officials used private emails for their government duties. In a letter to the White House counsel, the committee’s chairman, Republican Trey Gowdy, and top Democrat Elijah Cummings said they would examine whether senior Trump administration officials were “deliberately trying to circumvent (federal) laws by using personal, private, or alias email addresses to conduct official government business.” Politico said the Kushner emails included correspondence about media coverage, event planning and other subjects. Kushner’s lawyer, Abbe Lowell, said his client complied with government record-keeping rules by forwarding all the emails to his official account. During Trump’s 2016 election campaign, the Republican attacked Democratic rival Hillary Clinton for her use of a private email server for official correspondence when she was secretary of state under President Barack Obama. Some of Clinton’s messages were later determined to contain classified information. Politico said other senior Trump aides had also used private email accounts, including former Chief of Staff Reince Priebus, former chief strategist Steve Bannon and economic adviser Gary Cohn. The New York Times reported on Monday that private accounts were also used by Trump’s daughter Ivanka after she became a White House adviser and by Stephen Miller, a senior Trump adviser. “All White House personnel have been instructed to use official email to conduct all government related work. They are further instructed that if they receive work-related communication on personal accounts, they should be forwarded to official email accounts,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said in a statement. ",1
1569,Thailand prime minister to visit White House on October 3,"WASHINGTON/BANGKOK (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will meet with Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha at the White House on Oct. 3, the White House said in a statement. “The President and Prime Minister will discuss ways to strengthen and broaden bilateral relations and enhance cooperation in the Indo-Pacific region,” the statement said. Confirmation of the visit is the latest sign of warming ties between Bangkok and Washington. The relationship between the two had cooled after the Thai military took power in a 2014 coup. It follows a visit to Thailand by U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in August - the highest level visit by a U.S. official since the 2014 coup. “The meeting of the two leaders reflects the importance of the strengthening of the alliance between Thailand and the U.S.,” the Thai Prime Minister’s Office said in a statement. “The two countries will discuss ways to forge ahead in becoming strategic partners for the benefit of both nations equally and sustainable,”  Prayuth and members of his cabinet will also be meeting with representatives of Thai businesses in the United States during the three day visit. Thailand is often cited as the United States’ oldest ally in Southeast Asia and the United States has been urging the region to do more to cut funding streams to North Korea. Tensions have mounted on the Korean peninsula since North Korea conducted its sixth and most powerful nuclear test on Sept. 3. The United States has said it believes North Korean front companies are active in Thailand and it is trying to encourage the Thais to shut them down, but Thailand last month said trade between Thailand and North Korea had dropped by as much as 94 percent over the past year. ",1
1570,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (Sept 25) - NASCAR, NFL, John Kelly, Puerto Rico, John McCain, Alabama","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - So proud of NASCAR and its supporters and fans. They won’t put up with disrespecting our Country or our Flag - they said it loud and clear! [0725 EDT] - Many people booed the players who kneeled yesterday (which was a small percentage of total). These are fans who demand respect for our Flag! [0731 EDT] - The issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race. It is about respect for our Country, Flag and National Anthem. NFL must respect this! [0739 EDT] - The White House never looked more beautiful than it did returning last night. Important meetings taking place today. Big tax cuts & reform. [0744 EDT] - #StandForOurAnthem [0902 EDT] - @CNN is #FakeNews. Just reported COS (John Kelly) was opposed to my stance on NFL players disrespecting FLAG, ANTHEM, COUNTRY. Total lie! [1826 EDT] - General John Kelly totally agrees w/ my stance on NFL players and the fact that they should not be disrespecting our FLAG or GREAT COUNTRY! [1828 EDT] - Tremendous backlash against the NFL and its players for disrespect of our Country. #StandForOurAnthem [1829 EDT] - Texas & Florida are doing great but Puerto Rico, which was already suffering from broken infrastructure & massive debt, is in deep trouble.. [2045 EDT] - ...It’s old electrical grid, which was in terrible shape, was devastated. Much of the Island was destroyed, with billions of dollars.... [2050 EDT] - ...owed to Wall Street and the banks which, sadly, must be dealt with. Food, water and medical are top priorities - and doing well. #FEMA [2058 EDT] - A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O’Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! [2124 EDT] - Big election tomorrow in the Great State of Alabama. Vote for Senator Luther Strange, tough on crime & border - will never let you down! [2150 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
1571,Proposed healthcare bill may hurt U.S. economy: S&P,"(Reuters) - A report from Standard & Poor’s Global Ratings on Monday suggested that the latest proposed healthcare bill to overhaul Obamacare could hurt the U.S. economy, states and health insurers. The Graham-Cassidy-Heller-Johnson (GCHJ) bill, if implemented, could led to $240 billion in lost economic activity by 2027 and impact 580,000 jobs, the report indicated. (bit.ly/2fmRR6Y) The bill would take federal money spent on the Medicaid program for the poor and disabled, as well as subsidies to help individuals buy private insurance, and deliver it to the states in block grants. The ratings agency also added that the GCHJ bill could cause greater disparity among states in terms of rules for the insurance markets and uninsured levels. The GCHJ bill, which is awaiting a Senate vote on Monday, could lead to 21 million fewer Americans having health insurance. ",1
1572,"Health plan would cut U.S. deficit, but leave millions without insurance: CBO","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An earlier version of a healthcare bill Republican leaders are trying to push through the U.S. Senate would save at least $133 billion over 10 years, Congress’ nonpartisan budget agency said on Monday, suggesting it meets requirements to clear the chamber on a simple majority vote.  But the U.S. Congressional Budget Office did not assess the most recent version of the Graham-Cassidy bill, leaving it unclear whether it also complies with Senate rules expiring on Sept. 30 that permit approval by a simple majority. CBO said the number of people with insurance would be fewer than under Obamacare because enrollment in the Medicaid program would be substantially lower, enrollment in the individual insurance market would decline due to reductions in subsidies and the bill would repeal individual and company mandates. ",1
1573,"U.S. House fails to pass FAA extension, hurricane tax relief","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives on Monday failed to approve a bill to allow the Federal Aviation Administration to continue to operate and a package of tax relief bills to aid hurricane victims after ranking Democrats objected. Authorization for the FAA is set to expire on Saturday. The bill would have extended the agency for another six months as Congress debates whether to privatize the country’s air traffic control system and considers new airline passenger protections. The bill, which was considered under fast-track rules that require two-thirds of members to support it, failed on a 245 to 171 margin. House Democratic leaders on Monday had urged their colleagues to oppose the measure, citing Republican’s decision to only extend some healthcare programs and refusing to allow immigration legislation. “Democrats support reauthorization of the FAA, which is long overdue as a result of Republicans’ failure to craft a bill that can obtain bipartisan majority support,” the statement said. “It is outrageous that the majority is hijacking the must-pass FAA bill as a vehicle for its pet priorities.” House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy said in a statement after the vote the House will take up the issue again. “It didn’t take long for Democrats to snap back into their partisan corner. The American people can’t stand this nonsense,” McCarthy said. President Donald Trump in March proposed handing over control of U.S. air traffic control to a privately-operated board, but has faced resistance among Democrats and owners of private planes.  Major U.S. carriers, including American Airlines, United Airlines, Southwest Airlines and JetBlue Airways, all back the privatization proposal. The bill would have also extended three healthcare programs, but would not extend a children’s healthcare program and Community Health Centers that are set to expire on Saturday, which is the end of the budget year. Democrats want to force a vote to reverse Trump’s decision to overturn an Obama administration order shielding from deportation immigrants who came to the United States illegally as children. The bill would make it easier for people with hurricane losses to write them off on their taxes, eliminating a requirement that personal losses must exceed 10 percent of adjusted gross income to qualify for a deduction. It would also give hurricane victims penalty-free access to retirement funds and temporarily suspends limitations on the deduction for charitable contributions to hurricane relief made before year-end. The bill provides a tax credit for 40 percent of wages, up to $6,000 per employee, paid by a disaster-affected employer in certain disaster areas. ",1
1574,U.S. Senate tips labor board to Republican majority,"(Reuters) - The U.S. Senate on Monday confirmed William Emanuel, a veteran  management-side labor lawyer, to the National Labor Relations Board, giving the agency a Republican majority widely expected to roll back recent decisions that business groups have said favored unions. Emanuel, a partner with global labor-law firm Littler Mendelson, was confirmed 49-47 by the Republican-controlled Senate. President Donald Trump nominated Emanuel and Marvin Kaplan, a lawyer and former Republican congressional aide, to the board earlier this year. Kaplan was confirmed in August. The NLRB oversees union elections and disputes between private-sector employers, workers and unions.  Republicans will now have a 3-2 edge on the board. Business groups and many Republicans lawmakers have called on the agency to revisit significant changes to labor policy adopted during the administration of former Democratic President Barack Obama. They include rules designed to speed up the union election process and a 2015 decision that made it easier for companies to be found to be joint employers and held liable for legal violations by contractors, staffing agencies and franchisees. Emanuel did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Before the vote, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell  said that during the Obama administration, the board strayed from its role as “a neutral umpire in labor disputes.” “It’s time to get back to that important original mission,” he said. Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren said, however, that  Emanuel should not join the NLRB after spending 40 years trying to prevent workers from organizing. Emanuel has worked with Republicans in Congress and trade groups including the National Retail Federation and National Association of Manufacturers, and has defended employers for decades in NLRB cases.  He is a member of the conservative Federalist Society, an influential group of lawyers credited with pushing Trump to nominate Neil Gorsuch to U.S. Supreme Court. At a Senate confirmation hearing in August, several Democrats questioned whether Emanuel would properly consider workers’ collective bargaining rights after long representing employers and trade groups.  He said he would be “honest and objective” as a board member, and noted that it would be unusual for a labor lawyer to have experience representing both unions and management. ",1
1575,"Facebook, Google bound to change handling of politics ads -marketing execs","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Facebook Inc and Alphabet Inc’s Google have little choice but to rein in internet political ads in the face of growing U.S. government pressure, a panel of advertising consultants and executives said on Monday.  Speaking at a trade conference, the marketers seized on allegations that Russian operatives bought U.S. political ads on Facebook as evidence that the sector cannot go on being unregulated.  “I think there will be more scrutiny, and there better be more self-regulation. Otherwise, I think regulation will be coming,” Brent McGoldrick, a political ad consultant and a Republican, said at Advertising Week New York.  Last week, Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg vowed to do more to deter governments from using Facebook to manipulate elections in other countries, after the company disclosed $100,000 in Russian ad purchases in the months before and after the 2016 U.S. presidential election.  The 3,000 ads included some that highlighted support for Democrat Hillary Clinton among Muslim women, as well as others that showed a deep understanding of U.S. social divides, the Washington Post reported on Monday.  Facebook shares ended down 4.5 percent on Monday, closing at $162.87, as some investors worried the tech sector had become too expensive. Zuckerberg has also unveiled sweeping changes to how his company handles political ads, saying it would make them visible to all users regardless of whom the ads target.  Andrew Capone, senior vice president of NCC Media, a cable trade group, joked on Monday’s panel that during the 2016 election campaign, “Facebook took in over 300 million rubles - I’m sorry, dollars.”  McGoldrick said on the panel: “If I were Facebook and Google and everyone else, I would be developing a code of conduct and a set of criteria. They may already exist, but obviously it’s not either robust enough or transparent enough.” Google has said it has no evidence on its ad platform of a Russian propaganda campaign like the one Facebook found. The two Silicon Valley firms are set to take a combined 63 percent of the U.S. market this year, according to research firm eMarketer.  Though Facebook and Google have for years resisted regulation of political ads, congressional investigators and U.S. special counsel Robert Mueller have helped to change the situation, said Jefrey Pollock, president of public relations firm Global Strategy Group.  “Things change with a subpoena,” Pollock, a Democrat, said as part of the panel. ",1
1576,Trump travel ban on more solid ground as top court cancels hearing,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Supreme Court signaled on Monday it may dismiss a challenge to President Donald Trump’s controversial travel ban after the White House announced tailored restrictions on eight countries that legal experts said stand a better chance at holding up in court.  The high court canceled oral arguments scheduled for Oct. 10 to decide whether or not a March 6 executive order that temporarily blocked travel from six Muslim-majority countries was discriminatory. That ban expired on Sunday. The president replaced it with a proclamation that indefinitely restricts travel from Iran, Libya, Syria, Yemen, Somalia, Chad and North Korea. Certain government officials from Venezuela will also be barred. The new ban, Trump’s third, could affect tens of thousands of potential immigrants and visitors.  Trump has been trying for most of the year to create a ban that passes court muster. The Sunday proclamation, which he said is needed to screen out terrorist or public safety threats, could be less vulnerable to legal attack, scholars and other experts said, because it is the result of a months-long analysis of foreign vetting procedures by U.S. officials.  It also might be less easily tied to Trump’s campaign-trail statements some courts viewed as biased against Muslims.  “The greater the sense that the policy reflects a considered, expert judgment, the less the temptation (by courts) to second-guess the executive,” said Saikrishna Prakash, a professor at the University of Virginia School of Law, in an email. “It looks less like a matter of prejudice or a desire to fulfill a campaign promise.” In its brief order, the high court asked the Trump administration and the ban’s challengers, including states and refugee advocacy organizations, to file briefs on whether the case should be dismissed. Trump’s March 6 ban sparked international outrage and was quickly blocked by federal courts as unconstitutional discrimination or a violation of immigration law.  In June, the Supreme Court allowed a limited version of the ban to go ahead while the justices prepared to hear arguments over its legality on Oct. 10, a date they have now scrubbed. In 2016, more than 72,000 nonimmigrant and immigrant visas were issued to the countries covered by the new ban, excluding Venezuela, with nearly half of those going to Iran. Only nine North Koreans immigrated to the United States in 2016 and 100 were granted nonimmigrant visas. The new ban is set to go into effect on Oct. 18, but it already applies to five of the six countries covered by the March 6 ban, according to a U.S. State Department cable issued on Sunday and obtained by Reuters. (To read the full cable click here: here)  Sudan was dropped from the list of banned countries after the Sudanese government provided information required under the new criteria set out by the Trump administration earlier this year, a White House official said on Monday. The government has said the president has broad authority in immigration and national security matters, but challengers to the March ban had argued that it ran afoul of the U.S. Constitution’s bar on favoring one religion over another.  They cited statements Trump made during his 2016 campaign for president, including his call for a “total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States.” Within hours of Sunday’s proclamation, representatives for the Hawaii, New York and California attorneys general said their offices were reviewing the new restrictions. Advocacy organizations denounced it as more of the same. If the court does dismiss the case, there remains the separate issue of whether the justices will throw out the sweeping lower court rulings that invalidated the ban. The government would want to erase precedents that constrain its authority while the challengers would want to keep them in place for the same reasons.  “This is still a Muslim ban. They simply added three additional countries,” said Becca Heller, director of the International Refugee Assistance Project, which previously sued to block Trump’s travel ban executive orders.  “Of those countries, Chad is majority Muslim, travel from North Korea is already basically frozen and the restrictions on Venezuela only affect government officials on certain visas,” Heller said.  Sudan, which was in the March order, is no longer included.  The worldwide review examined each country’s ability to issue reliable electronic passports and share security risk data with the United States. Overall, 47 countries had problems, and 40 made improvements, including 11 that agreed to share information on known or suspected terrorists, Trump’s proclamation said.  The review “at least arguably attenuates the link between the president’s alleged bias and the policy,” said Margo Schlanger, a University of Michigan Law School professor. However, challengers potentially could argue that the expanded ban violates the federal Immigration and Nationality Act, which forbids the government from discriminating based on an individual’s nationality when issuing immigrant visas. “Congress decided that it didn’t want an immigration system that played favorites among countries,” Schlanger said. ",1
1577,Venezuela slams U.S. travel restrictions as 'political terrorism',"CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela on Monday accused U.S. President Donald Trump of conducting “political terrorism” through travel restrictions on eight countries including the socialist-run South American nation, which is already at loggerheads with Washington.  Trump on Sunday announced the restrictions on citizens from North Korea, Venezuela and Chad, expanding earlier travel bans that Trump says are necessary to fight terrorism but have been derided by critics and courts. “It is worth pointing out that these types of lists are incompatible with international law, and constitute a form of psychological and political terrorism,” the Foreign Ministry said in a statement. “Our people are being sanctioned because of their pacifist nature as well as their tolerance and respect for different religions and beliefs,” it added. The statement said Venezuela will “consider all necessary measures to protect national interests and sovereignty,” without providing details on how it would respond. The restrictions related to Venezuela focus on officials who have been determined to have done an inadequate job verifying whether citizens pose national security or public safety threats. Washington this year has issued several rounds of sanctions against Venezuelan officials, partly in response to the creation of a legislative superbody called the Constituent Assembly that critics call the consolidation of a dictatorship. President Nicolas Maduro has called those sanctions a financial blockade against the country, which is grappling with triple-digit inflation and chronic product shortages as its economy unravels. The text of the U.S. travel restrictions released on Sunday mentions officials at agencies including the Interior Ministry, the investigative police known as CICPC, the Saime passport and identification office, as well as the Foreign Ministry.  Interior Minister Nestor Reverol already was sanctioned by the U.S. Treasury Department in July, along with 12 other current or former officials accused of undermining democracy. ",1
1578,U.S. Senate conservatives propose tough restrictions on 'Dreamers',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Conservative Republicans in Congress on Monday unveiled their ideas for what should happen to so-called ‘Dreamer’ immigrants when an Obama-era program expires in March, touting tougher restrictions than those proposed by Democrats. The bill offered by Republican Senators Thom Tillis and James Lankford was in response to President Donald Trump’s move to end former President Barack Obama’s Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program. Trump gave Congress six months to write replacement legislation. DACA temporarily shielded from deportation certain undocumented immigrants, known as ‘Dreamers,’ who were brought to the United States as children by family, many from Central America. The program allows work permits and other protections for around 800,000 people. The Tillis-Lankford measure would bar Dreamers from applying for citizenship for at least 15 years and would cover fewer people than a Democratic proposal. Trump has previously voiced support of a Democratic “Dream Act” bill, but wants to add new border security measures to it. Top Senate Democrat Chuck Schumer and top House of Representatives Democrat Nancy Pelosi have said that in a meeting with Trump they had discussed a path to citizenship for Dreamers after eight years. Lankford told reporters at a press conference that he recently had a long telephone conversation with Trump and briefed him on the legislation he and Tillis were crafting. Trump “was very supportive of the concepts, saying that is the right way to go,” said Lankford. Democrats are waiting for the White House to publish a list of ‘principles’ to guide Dreamer legislation. It was not clear whether those principles would be influenced by the Republicans’ bill. Senator Dick Durbin, the No. 2 Senate Democrat who has been pushing Dreamer legislation for 16 years, said the Republicans’ bill “falls short” because it “excludes tens of thousands of Dreamers” and would require those that do qualify to waive certain legal rights that could allow for deportations without due process. Nevertheless, there is bipartisan hope in Congress that differences can be ironed out now that Trump, who anchored his 2016 presidential campaign on an anti-immigration platform, says he wants to protect the Dreamers. “These are kids that literally do not have a home anywhere,” Lankford said. “They do not remember a home country they came from originally. They are not really considered (at) home here ... In American law we don’t hold children accountable for the actions of their parents.”",1
1579,BlackRock fees in limbo over donation to U.S. presidential candidate,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - A senior BlackRock Inc executive made a donation to an unsuccessful U.S. presidential candidate last year, an action that may prohibit the world’s largest asset manager from collecting some fees from a state government, a company regulatory filing showed. Mark Wiedman, a BlackRock senior managing director, donated $2,700 to the presidential campaign of Ohio Governor John Kasich, who was seeking the Republican Party nomination, according to a filing made earlier this year with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and reviewed by Reuters on Monday. Federal securities rules prohibit companies or their executive officers from making donations to government officials who could influence the hiring of a fund manager or have authority to appoint a person who could do so and then providing asset management services to their governments for a fee. The ban is in effect for two years after the contribution is made.  The state of Ohio uses BlackRock-managed funds, and its relationship with BlackRock “substantially predates” the donation, the filing said. In the May filing, BlackRock asked the SEC for permission to accept fees from the state of Ohio, saying that exceptions to the rule have been granted before. Without such a ruling, BlackRock said it could face a loss of approximately $37 million. BlackRock said Wiedman asked for and received a refund of his campaign contribution to Kasich, which was “made because of the personal political beliefs of the contributor and not because of any desire to influence the award of investment advisory business.” The SEC has not yet responded to BlackRock’s request. In an emailed statement, BlackRock said its application is “fair and reasonable, and consistent with the intent of the relevant rule.” “The contribution in question was made solely in support of Mr. Kasich’s presidential campaign and for no other purpose,” BlackRock spokeswoman Tara McDonnell said in the statement. “Through BlackRock’s robust policies and procedures, we discovered the contribution in question, and both BlackRock and Mr. Wiedman worked together to promptly address the error, including obtaining a refund of the $2,700 contribution,” McDonnell said. A spokesman for the SEC, Ryan White, declined to comment on the filing. A spokesman for Kasich did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the donation. Wiedman is global head of iShares and index investments, a booming business within BlackRock that includes its exchange-traded funds. The iShares brand brought in nearly $74 billion of new cash into BlackRock in the second quarter. BlackRock manages $5.7 trillion overall. ",1
1580,New Jersey mayor resigns after admitting corruption charge,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The mayor of Paterson, New Jersey, resigned on Monday, a city official said, after the mayor pleaded guilty last week to a state criminal conspiracy charge that he ordered city employees to perform work at a warehouse leased by his family members. Mayor Jose “Joey” Torres, 58, pleaded guilty on Friday in state superior court to second degree conspiracy as part of an agreement in which prosecutors will recommend a five-year prison sentence, state Attorney General Christopher Porrino said. The plea agreement also required that Torres relinquish his office, never again hold a government job in New Jersey and repay Paterson $10,000 for the time city workers spent at the private warehouse. “With this plea, Torres forfeits his position as mayor of New Jersey’s third-largest city, will never again be in a position to abuse the public’s trust, and will go to prison,” Porrino said. “Our message is that this type of arrogant abuse of power and public resources will not be tolerated in New Jersey.” With the resignation of Torres, City Council President Ruby Cotton becomes interim mayor, according to Paterson Corporation Counsel Domenick Stampone. Prosecutors said Torres, a Democrat, ordered three city supervisors and their subordinates in the Public Works Department to work at a warehouse leased by a company called Quality Beer, which was formed by the mayor’s daughter and nephew. The supervisors were also indicted. The municipal employees did painting, carpentry and other work at the warehouse during their regular hours for the city in 2014 and 2015, prosecutors said. The mayor’s daughter and nephew ended up terminating their lease for the warehouse without ever using it after failing to obtain necessary permits, prosecutors added. ",1
1581,Cassidy says 'absolutely' senators may still back healthcare bill: CNN,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Bill Cassidy said on Monday he still expects to be able to convince reluctant fellow Republican senators to support the revised bill that is the party’s latest effort to repeal and replace Obamacare. Asked in an interview with CNN whether the revisions announced on Monday could sway holdout U.S. senators into supporting the legislation, Cassidy said: “Absolutely. The bracing principle is that we give the patient the power and give states the resources to provide care for those who don’t have it. “We think it’s good policy which therefore will get folks to vote for it.”  ",1
1582,"Trump slaps travel restrictions on N.Korea, Venezuela in sweeping new ban","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Sunday slapped new travel restrictions on citizens from North Korea, Venezuela and Chad, expanding to eight the list of countries covered by his original travel bans that have been derided by critics and challenged in court. Iran, Libya, Syria, Yemen and Somalia were left on the list of affected countries in a new proclamation issued by the president. Restrictions on citizens from Sudan were lifted. The measures help fulfill a campaign promise Trump made to tighten U.S. immigration procedures and align with his “America First” foreign policy vision. Unlike the president’s original bans, which had time limits, this one is open-ended.   “Making America Safe is my number one priority. We will not admit those into our country we cannot safely vet,” the president said in a tweet shortly after the proclamation was released. Iraqi citizens will not be subject to travel prohibitions but will face enhanced scrutiny or vetting.  The current ban, enacted in March, was set to expire on Sunday evening. The new restrictions are slated to take effect on Oct. 18 and resulted from a review after Trump’s original travel bans sparked international outrage and legal challenges. The addition of North Korea and Venezuela broadens the restrictions from the original, mostly Muslim-majority list. An administration official, briefing reporters on a conference call, acknowledged that the number of North Koreans now traveling to the United States was very low.  Rights group Amnesty International USA condemned the measures. “Just because the original ban was especially outrageous does not mean we should stand for yet another version of government-sanctioned discrimination,” it said in a statement.  “It is senseless and cruel to ban whole nationalities of people who are often fleeing the very same violence that the U.S. government wishes to keep out. This must not be normalized.” The American Civil Liberties Union said in a statement the addition of North Korea and Venezuela “doesn’t obfuscate the real fact that the administration’s order is still a Muslim ban.” The White House portrayed the restrictions as consequences for countries that did not meet new requirements for vetting of immigrants and issuing of visas. Those requirements were shared in July with foreign governments, which had 50 days to make improvements if needed, the White House said.  A number of countries made improvements by enhancing the security of travel documents or the reporting of passports that were lost or stolen. Others did not, sparking the restrictions. The announcement came as the U.S. Supreme Court prepares to hear oral arguments on Oct. 10 over the legality of Trump’s previous travel ban, including whether it discriminated against Muslims.  Trump has threatened to “destroy” North Korea if it attacks the United States or its allies. Pyongyang earlier this month conducted its most powerful nuclear bomb test. The president  has also directed harsh criticism at Venezuela, once hinting at a potential military option to deal with Caracas. But the officials described the addition of the two countries to Trump’s travel restrictions as the result of a purely objective review. In the case of North Korea, where the suspension was sweeping and applied to both immigrants and non-immigrants, officials said it was hard for the United States to validate the identity of someone coming from North Korea or to find out if that person was a threat. “North Korea, quite bluntly, does not cooperate whatsoever,” one official said.   The restrictions on Venezuela focused on Socialist government officials that the Trump administration blamed for the country’s slide into economic disarray, including officials from the Bolivarian National Intelligence Service and their immediate families. Trump received a set of policy recommendations on Friday from acting Secretary of Homeland Security Elaine Duke and was briefed on the matter by other administration officials, including Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, a White House aide said. The rollout on Sunday was decidedly more organized than Trump’s first stab at a travel ban, which was unveiled with little warning and sparked protests at airports worldwide.    Earlier on Sunday, Trump told reporters about the ban: “The tougher, the better.”      Rather than a total ban on entry to the United States, the proposed restrictions differ by nation, based on cooperation with American security mandates, the threat the United States believes each country presents and other variables, officials said.  Somalis, for example, are barred from entering the United States as immigrants and subjected to greater screening for visits.       After the Sept. 15 bombing attack on a London train, Trump wrote on Twitter that the new ban “should be far larger, tougher and more specific - but stupidly, that would not be politically correct.”      The expiring ban blocked entry into the United States by people from the six countries for 90 days and locked out most aspiring refugees for 120 days to give Trump’s administration time to conduct a worldwide review of U.S. vetting procedures for foreign visitors.      Critics have accused the Republican president of discriminating against Muslims in violation of constitutional guarantees of religious liberty and equal protection under the law, breaking existing U.S. immigration law and stoking religious hatred.     Some federal courts blocked the ban, but the U.S. Supreme Court allowed it to take effect in June with some restrictions.  ",1
1583,Supreme Court has option to duck travel ban ruling,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration’s announcement on Sunday that it is issuing new travel restrictions on people entering the United States from eight countries could lead to an upcoming Supreme Court case on its previous more controversial ban ending in a whimper rather than a bang. The new presidential proclamation set restrictions on citizens from eight countries and is set to go into effect on Oct. 18, eight days after the court is due to hear oral arguments over the legality of Trump’s earlier ban. The Trump administration on Sunday night asked the high court to considering hearing new briefing on the case before the oral argument to address “the effects of the proclamation on the issues currently pending before the court in these cases.” Now the nine-justice court could skip deciding the case altogether, legal experts said. The March 6 order under Supreme Court review banned travelers from six Muslim-majority countries and limited refugee admissions. Challengers say the order discriminated against Muslims in violation of the U.S. Constitution. A decision on that issue would be consequential not just for Trump but also future presidents who would be bound by it. But with the challenged policy no longer on the books, the court has various options to resolve the dispute without issuing a ruling. The 90-day travel ban, which covered Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen, ran until Sunday. The 120-day refugee ban expires on Oct. 24. Even before Trump’s latest announcement, experienced Supreme Court lawyers and immigration law experts had expressed doubts about whether the nine justices would want to issue a decisive ruling, in part because of a desire to stay out of such a contentious issue.     “If the court can avoid entering into the fray, that may be appealing to them,” said Anil Kalhan, an immigration law professor at Drexel University School of Law. With the travel restrictions expiring, the court has an easy way out because it could simply say that the case is no longer a live issue and therefore, in legal parlance, moot. The Supreme Court has already intervened three times since March in limiting the scope of lower court rulings that struck down the March order. Its most significant act came in June when it allowed both bans to go into effect in a limited fashion. The unsigned decision suggested that the court’s four liberals and two of its conservative majority, Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Anthony Kennedy, were keen on a compromise. Three other conservatives, including Trump appointee Neil Gorsuch, said both bans should have been allowed to go into effect in full. The Trump administration has yet to say what it would prefer the court to do, but former Justice Department lawyers say it is likely to request that if the court does dismiss the case, it also throws out the lower court rulings that struck the bans down. The benefit for the administration is that it would wipe out those precedents, including the broad decision by the Richmond-based 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals that said the order discriminated against Muslims. The decision cited Trump’s campaign statements in concluding that the order was motivated by anti-Muslim bias. The Trump administration says the order was needed for national security reasons. “It’s certainly in the government’s interest to get the adverse ... opinions off the books because those decisions constrain executive authority,” said Washington lawyer Pratik Shah, who previously worked at the Justice Department. The March order took effect on June 26, following a Supreme Court ruling that narrowed the scope of lower court rulings. Litigation continued over the summer on who exactly was covered by the bans, culminating in a Supreme Court decision on Sept. 12 that allowed Trump to enforce the refugee ban broadly but kept lower court restrictions that prevent close family members from being denied entry. The March 6 order was itself Trump’s second attempt to impose a travel ban after his original, much broader Jan. 27 plan was blocked by lower court following turmoil at U.S. airports caused by its abrupt rollout.     (THis version of the story has been refiled to change date in dateline) ",1
1584,Kushner used private email account for White House business: Politico,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s son-in-law and close adviser, Jared Kushner, has used a private email account alongside his official White House account to exchange messages with other administration officials, Politico reported on Sunday. Politico said the emails included correspondence about media coverage, event planning and other subjects. Kushner’s lawyer, Abbe Lowell, said Kushner complied with government record-keeping rules by forwarding all the emails to his official account. During Trump’s 2016 election campaign, the Republican derided Democratic rival Hillary Clinton for her use of a private email server for official correspondence when she was secretary of state under President Barack Obama. Some of those messages were later determined to contain classified information. Trump often led crowds in chants of “Lock her up!” during the campaign and vowed in October she would “be in jail” over the matter if he became president. He has since said he would not pursue prosecution. Politico said other senior Trump aides had also used private email accounts, including former chief of staff Reince Priebus, former chief strategist Steve Bannon and economic adviser Gary Cohn. “Mr. Kushner uses his White House email address to conduct White House business,” Lowell said in a statement provided to Politico, as well as other media organizations including Reuters. “Fewer than a hundred emails from January through August were either sent to or returned by Mr. Kushner to colleagues in the White House from his personal email account,” the lawyer said. “These usually forwarded news articles or political commentary and most often occurred when someone initiated the exchange by sending an email to his personal, rather than his White House, address,” the statement added.  Many White House officials use personal phones to communicate by text message with reporters and others. ",1
1585,U.S. Senate opposition to Obamacare repeal bill grows,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A proposal by U.S. Republicans to repeal and replace the Obamacare health insurance program suffered serious new setbacks within the party on Sunday, when Senator Ted Cruz expressed his opposition and Senator Susan Collins dug in with strong criticism of the legislation. Two other Republican senators, John McCain and Rand Paul, already said last week they would vote against the so-called Graham-Cassidy bill. One more “no” vote among Republicans would effectively kill the party’s latest effort in their seven-year mission to overturn Obamacare, while dealing a new blow to President Donald Trump. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Republican, has said he “intends” to put the bill up for a vote this week, but he has withheld public comment over the past few days as some of his rank-and-file Republicans abandoned Trump. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, interviewed on CNN’s “State of the Union,” reflected the uncertainty in the battle. “It is going to be very close. I hope it passes,” he said.  Phil Novack, a spokesman for Cruz, confirmed that the Republican senator said at an event in Texas: “Right now, they don’t have my vote, and I don’t think they have (Senator) Mike Lee’s vote, either.” Lee is a conservative Republican and close ally of Cruz. A spokesman for Lee said the senator wanted “some technical changes” to the legislation, but did not provide details. “We haven’t committed to anything yet,” Conn Carroll said in an email. Politico reported that Cruz complained that the latest Obamacare repeal bill did not address his concerns about bringing down the costs of healthcare. On Friday, news of McCain’s opposition sent shares of health insurance companies up. Centene ended 1.6 percent higher and Humana closed up 0.2 percent. Trump has pressured his fellow Republicans for quick passage on what would be his first victory on major legislation. All Democrats are expected to vote against it.  But Collins, perhaps the most moderate of Republican senators, appeared poised to oppose her party’s latest replacement plan for the Affordable Care Act, former Democratic President Barack Obama’s signature legislative achievement. She, along with McCain and Alaska Senator Lisa Murkowski, voted in July against an earlier version of Obamacare repeal. “It is very difficult for me to envision a scenario where I would end up voting for this bill,” Collins said on CNN’s “State of the Union” on Sunday, two days after saying she was “leaning against” the legislation.  Collins said her concerns centered on the impact the legislation would have on the federal Medicaid program, which helps disabled children and low-income elderly people get healthcare. The Senate, which Republicans control by 52-48, faces a Saturday deadline for deciding on the bill under an expiring rule that lets the healthcare proposal pass with just a simple majority in the 100-member chamber, instead of the 60-vote threshold needed for most legislation. Paul, interviewed on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” attacked the centerpiece of the Republican bill that would have the federal government basically turn the health insurance system over to states in the form of “block grants.”  “They could remove the block grants from it, and we can vote on what we actually agree on,” Paul said. “I can’t in good conscience vote to keep all the spending.” Some key Senate Republicans were still pushing to forge ahead. Senator Lindsey Graham, who is leading the charge on the latest version of Obamacare repeal, told ABC he believed he would have the votes to pass the legislation. “The only way you know how people will vote is you have the vote,” he said.  Graham did not detail the path he sees to victory. ",1
1586,Trump aide Greenblatt returning to Israel for peace talks: official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s Middle East peace negotiator, Jason Greenblatt, is returning to Israel to “continue the peace track” after the president met with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas last week in New York, a White House official said on Sunday. “While President Trump had productive meetings with Prime Minister Netanyahu and President Abbas at the United Nations, we always said that the UN would not focus on peace conversations and that those conversations would be happening on a separate track,” the official said in a statement. “(Greenblatt) will have follow-up meetings in advance of a private trip in the region with his family for Sukkot. The meetings are part of the Administration’s quiet, steady discussions toward peace,” he said. Sukkot is a Jewish holiday. ",1
1587,"Senator Cruz opposes Republican healthcare bill, casting doubt on vote: Politico","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican U.S. Senator Ted Cruz on Sunday said he opposes the latest version of a Senate attempt to repeal Obamacare, casting doubt on the healthcare bill’s chances of passage, Politico reported. Cruz, a Texas conservative, does not support the bill introduced by Senators Bill Cassidy and Lindsey Graham, and said Utah Republican Senator Mike Lee is also unlikely to support the measure, Politico reported.  It said Cruz told the Texas Tribune festival in Austin, Texas that amendments that he and Lee proposed to bring down the costs of Obamacare premiums had not been included in the most recent draft of the bill. ",1
1588,Trump renews clash with U.S. sports world,"SOMERSET, N.J. (Reuters) - President Donald Trump renewed his spat with the sports world on Sunday, again calling for National Football League owners to fire players who protest during the U.S. national anthem. In an early morning tweet, Trump suggested fans could boycott NFL games in order to pressure teams to discipline players who protest the anthem. “If NFL fans refuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our Flag & Country, you will see change take place fast,” Trump wrote on Sunday. “Fire or suspend!” In a second tweet, Trump said that the “league should back” fans who are upset about the protests.  Trump is spending the weekend at his golf club in Bedminster, New Jersey, and held no public events on Saturday. On Saturday, NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said Trump’s first statements on the matter, which came during a political rally in Alabama on Friday, revealed an “unfortunate lack of respect” for the NFL and its players.  At the rally, Trump suggested any protesting football player was a “son of a bitch” and should lose his job. “Wouldn’t you love to see one of these NFL owners, when somebody disrespects our flag, to say, ‘Get that son of a bitch off the field right now ... He is fired’,” Trump said on Friday at a rally for Alabama Senate Republican candidate Luther Strange. Trump said in Twitter messages later on Saturday that, if NFL players wanted “the privilege” of high salaries, they “should stand for the National Anthem. If not, YOU’RE FIRED. Find something else to do!” Former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick stirred a polarizing national debate in 2016 after refusing to stand during pre-game renditions of the “Star Spangled Banner”. Instead, Kaepernick put one knee to the ground to protest against police violence against African-Americans. Several players have since made similar gestures of protest before games. As commissioner, Goodell reports to NFL owners, some of whom have supported Trump in the past. New York Jets owner Woody Johnson, a major Trump presidential campaign donor, was confirmed by the Senate last month as Trump’s pick to serve as U.S. ambassador to Britain. The union representing professional football players also rejected Trump’s comments, saying it would defend their right to freedom of expression. The White House did not respond to a request for comment on the matter.  National Basketball Association players also struck back against comments by the president on Saturday after Trump clashed with one of the biggest stars in the NBA. In an early morning Twitter message on Saturday, the president rescinded a White House invitation to Stephen Curry, who had said he would “vote” against the planned visit by the NBA champion Golden State Warriors.    “Going to the White House is considered a great honor for a championship team. Stephen Curry is hesitating, therefore invitation is withdrawn!” Trump tweeted. Curry told a news conference in Oakland, California: “It’s beneath the leader of a country to go that route.” “It’s not what leaders do,” he said. The Oakland-based Golden State Warriors said in a statement the team had intended to meet to discuss the potential visit at the first opportunity on Saturday morning. “We accept that President Trump has made it clear that we are not invited,” the team said. LeBron James came to Curry’s defense, disputing Trump’s assertion that visiting the White House was an honor.  “Going to White House was a great honor until you showed up!” James, a prominent supporter of Hillary Clinton during the 2016 presidential elections, said on Twitter.  Singer Stevie Wonder appeared to evoke protests by Kaepernick and other athletes when he put one knee to the stage during a concert at the Global Citizen Festival in New York City on Saturday. “Tonight, I’m taking a knee for America,” Wonder told the audience as his son, Kwame Morris, helped him down.  Wonder then put his other leg down so that he was kneeling  and facing the cheering crowd, with his son doing the same. “I’m taking both knees,” Wonder said. “Both knees in prayer for our planet, our future, our leaders of the world and our globe.” ",1
1589,"Internet giants, once above the fray, on the defensive in Washington","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Internet giants, including Alphabet’s Google (GOOGL.O) and Facebook (FB.O), are moving to compromise on several major policy issues as they adjust to an abrupt shift in the political winds in Washington.  Just last week, the U.S. Senate took a big step toward advancing legislation that would partially strip away the internet industry’s bedrock legal protection, a 1996 law that shields companies from liability for the activities of their users. At the same time, Democratic senators are writing legislation that would create new disclosure rules for online political ads after Facebook this month revealed that suspected Russian trolls purchased more than $100,000 worth of divisive ads on its platform during the 2016 election cycle. The U.S. Federal Election Commission is considering bringing in Facebook and other tech firms for a public hearing. Unlike in Europe, where they have faced a bevy of new rules and billion-dollar fines, internet giants have avoided virtually all types of government regulation in the United States, even as their market power continues to grow. Amazon (AMZN.O), for example, controls more than a third of U.S. online commerce, while Google and Facebook combined account for more than sixty percent of the U.S. digital ad market. Internet firms have from their inception urged U.S. politicians in both parties to treat their industry as a nascent sector in need of unique protections. These firms enjoyed an especially close relationship with the Democratic administration of former President Barack Obama, which saw several officials go to work for Google upon leaving the White House. But some Democrats, still bitter over Russia’s alleged meddling in the 2016 election, are now expressing alarm at the industry’s power. Virginia Senator Mark Warner, the vice chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, this month compared political ads on social media to the “wild, wild West” and is working on legislation to require more disclosure. On the Republican side, President Donald Trump has been hostile to the tech industry in many of his public remarks. Google and Facebook have been repeatedly attacked from the right for alleged liberal bias and a globalist outlook. Now, the Internet firms are backpedaling from earlier positions as they seek to avoid regulation, according to congressional aides, industry lobbyists and company sources.  “Tech is no longer the golden goose,” said one technology industry source, who spoke on condition of anonymity. “Maybe it’s a good thing we start behaving like a rational part of the economy.” Silicon Valley lobbyists and congressional aides in both parties were quick to temper talk of a sweeping regulatory crackdown, in part because the government agencies that could move against the industry, notably the Federal Trade Commission, remain severely understaffed. But the shift in tone is palpable. On Thursday, Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg said the company, for the first time, would make it possible for anyone to see details about political ads that run on Facebook, which, unlike television ads, do not fall under U.S. law requiring disclosure of who pays for them. Requiring such transparency is one of the key provisions of the proposed legislation on online political ads. The company also said it would turn over to congressional investigators political ads that it says were likely purchased by Russian entities during and after the 2016 U.S. presidential election. The moves marked an about-face for Zuckerberg, who after the November election said it was a “crazy idea” to think that activity on Facebook swayed the vote. Facebook has also shifted its stance on proposed changes to the liability protections for internet companies, formally known as Section 230 of the 1996 Communications Decency Act. The legislation, which is aimed at stopping online sex trafficking, has been fiercely opposed by companies that see it as a threat to openness and innovation on the internet.  But after an emotional hearing last week featuring testimony from the mother of a murdered sex-trafficking victim - which followed two big tech companies, Oracle (ORCL.N) and Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE.N), breaking ranks with industry peers on the issue - Facebook and Google have opened the door to negotiation on the bill, according to congressional aides and industry sources. In a statement, Erin Egan, Facebook’s vice president of U.S. policy, said the company believed a legislative solution was possible to “address this terrible problem while ensuring that the internet remains open and free and that responsible companies can continue to work to stop sex trafficking before it happens.” The tech industry in recent years has neutralized other ideas percolating in the halls of Congress that it perceived as threatening, including calls to weaken encryption and demands that social media companies report “terrorist” activity to the government. But the effort to amend Section 230 is seen as different. The fast progress of legislation, introduced in August, has alarmed lobbyists and company representatives who initially predicted it would not go far in an otherwise gridlocked Congress.  The bill comes after years of law enforcement lobbying for a crackdown on the online classified site backpage.com, which is used for sex advertising. The measure would make it easier for states and sex trafficking victims to sue social media networks, advertisers and others who fail to keep exploitative material off their platforms.  Republican Senator Rob Portman of Ohio, the lead architect of the Section 230 legislation, said in an interview with Reuters that he was confident his measure would become law this congressional term, with or without Silicon Valley’s cooperation.  The bill has attracted bipartisan support from nearly a third of the Senate; a companion measure has similar backing in the House of Representatives. Portman said he had met with Trump’s daughter and advisor, Ivanka Trump, who expressed strong support. “Frankly, I am disappointed (that) more in the technology industry are not joining us on this effort,” Portman said. “It is in their interest to be supportive of a solution on this problem.” ",1
1590,Trump pressures U.S. senators to back Republican healthcare bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Saturday blasted Senator John McCain for dealing a possibly fatal blow to the latest Republican attempt to dismantle Obamacare. According to a new independent analysis, the bill awaiting a Senate vote could lead to 21 million fewer Americans having health insurance. McCain, an Arizona Republican who is being treated for brain cancer and cast a crucial “no” vote to defeat a similar bill in July, said on Friday that he could not “in good conscience” vote for the proposal authored by Republican Senators Bill Cassidy and Lindsey Graham. “He campaigned on Repeal & Replace. Let Arizona down!” Trump wrote about McCain on Twitter early Saturday morning. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has said he will schedule a vote on the Graham-Cassidy bill by Sept. 30, the last day when it could pass in the chamber with a simple majority of 51 votes instead of the 60 typically required. The bill would take federal money spent on the Medicaid program for the poor and disabled, as well as subsidies to help individuals buy private insurance, and deliver it to the states in block grants.  The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office, which analyzes legislation, has not had time to assess the Graham-Cassidy bill before the expected vote. McCain, a close friend of Graham, said he could not support it without knowing how much it would cost, its effect on insurance premiums, and how many people would be affected. But the Brookings Institution said on Friday that the Graham-Cassidy bill could leave at least 21 million fewer Americans with health insurance by 2020 to 2026. The Washington think tank has generally been supportive of Obamacare, which is formally known as the Affordable Care Act.  The coverage estimate “likely understates” reductions in insured Americans because it is not clear how states would use the money or if they would face obstacles in setting up new programs, according to Brookings researchers. “What is clear, however, is that the legislation would result in very large reductions in insurance coverage,” they wrote. Late Saturday, six associations representing U.S. doctors, hospitals and insurers said they opposed the bill because it would cause patients with pre-existing conditions to lose coverage and result in more expensive health insurance. “The Senate should reject it,” the groups said in a statement.   U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price told Fox News Channel’s ‘America’s News HQ’ on Saturday that he is “providing technical assistance and information” to senators working on the bill.  Price said that the bill was “not dead” despite McCain’s announcement and wavering support from several other Republican senators. “The reason it’s not dead is because it’s not finished. The bill hasn’t been completed. We continue to work with the authors on it through this weekend,” Price said. The Senate Finance Committee on Monday will hold a hearing on the Graham-Cassidy bill. Cassidy, a physician, is expected to testify. CBO estimates of previous Republican proposals showed they could lead to more than 20 million fewer insured Americans. This complicated passage in the 100-member Senate, where Republicans hold 52 seats and Democrats are unanimously opposed to repeal-and-replace measures.  Republicans need at least 50 votes to pass the bill, relying on Vice President Mike Pence to break a tie. Republican Senator Susan Collins of Maine has said she was leaning against the Graham-Cassidy bill, as has Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky. Kansas Senator Jerry Moran and Alaska’s Lisa Murkowski are undecided. After blasting McCain, Trump on Saturday singled out Paul and Murkowski. “I know Rand Paul and I think he may find a way to get there for the good of the Party!” Trump wrote on Twitter. Regarding Murkowski, he tweeted that in Alaska: “Deductibles high, people angry!”   The insurance industry, hospitals, consumer activists, the AARP advocacy group and organizations such as the American Medical Association, American Heart Association and American Cancer Society all oppose the bill.  Shares of some health insurers closed higher on Friday after McCain announced his opposition. Centene Corp ended up 1.6 percent,  while Humana Inc gained 0.2 percent and Aetna Inc rose 0.1 percent, reversing earlier losses. ",1
1591,"Despite undiplomatic discourse, Trump's dance card is full","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - A subtle diplomat like Talleyrand, Donald Trump is not. The U.S. president, in his first foray at the U.N. General Assembly, derided North Korean leader Kim Jong Un as a “rocket man ... on a suicide mission” and delivered an unabashed defense of sovereignty at the seat of global multilateralism. But if his speech drew barbs from allies and authoritarian adversaries, it did nothing to deter his dance partners at the premier diplomatic waltz of the year, the 193-member United Nations’ annual gathering of world leaders known by the acronym UNGA. Trump held bilateral meetings with 13 leaders this week,   more than his predecessor Barack Obama had at his first UNGA(five), his last (six) or his busiest (10), according to data compiled by CBS News White House correspondent Mark Knoller. Trump’s less than diplomatic speech on Tuesday recalled the fiery nationalist language of his Jan. 20 inaugural address and raised eyebrows across the political spectrum by its bald assertion of the primacy of U.S. interests. “Our government’s first duty is to its people, to our citizens - to serve their needs, to ensure their safety, to preserve their rights, and to defend their values,” he said, evoking his campaign’s nationalist themes despite the departure of advocates such as Steve Bannon from the White House.  Germany’s foreign minister, Sigmar Gabriel, delivered a riposte in a scathing and barely veiled critique on Thursday. “National egoism, I believe, is worthless as a regulatory principle for our world,” Gabriel said. “The motto ‘our country first’ not only leads to more national confrontations and less prosperity, in the end there can only be losers.” Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe’s authoritarian 93-year-old leader who has ruled the former British colony since independence in 1980, also sought to nudge Trump in a more peaceable direction. “Mr. Trump, please blow your trumpet, blow your trumpet in a musical way towards the values of unity, peace, cooperation, togetherness, dialogue,” he said. In his speech, Trump said if the United States were forced to defend itself or its allies, it would have “no choice but to totally destroy North Korea” and he called Iran’s government a “murderous regime” that exports “violence, bloodshed and chaos.” His directness contrasts with the subtlety of 18th- and 19th-century French diplomat Charles-Maurice de Talleyrand, who is reputed to have said: “A diplomat who says ‘yes’ means ‘maybe,’ a diplomat who says ‘maybe’ means ‘no,’ and a diplomat who says ‘no’ is no diplomat.” Still, Trump’s language has seeped into the discourse of other leaders, perhaps seeking to curry his favor. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas spoke of “draining the swamp” of Israeli occupation while South Korean President Moon Jae-in called North Korean behavior “extremely deplorable.” Trump, possibly recalling the criticism that his Democratic U.S. presidential opponent Hillary Clinton earned for calling some of his supporters a “basket of deplorables,” was pleased. “I’m very happy that you used the word ‘deplorable’,” Trump told Moon. “That’s been a very lucky word for me and many millions of people.” Both Moon and Abbas had sitdowns with Trump, and there was no shortage of others who wanted to meet him. A U.S. official said the White House accommodated as many requests for meetings as they could schedule, noting some leaders who wanted to meet Trump did not make the cut. The U.S. president has also wanted to see the leaders of China, India and Germany, but they did not come this year. Afghan President Ashraf Ghani met Trump on Thursday, and officials in Kabul said all the impetus had come from the Afghan side, with no burning interest from the White House. French President Emmanuel Macron made clear he would work with any U.S. president, whoever he was, and said he and Trump had clear disagreements on climate change and Iran policy. “I want a deep, cordial dialogue to bring him back into the international and multilateral fold on these two subjects,” Macron told reporters. “As I’m a pragmatist, I put myself in a position to work the best way possible with him.”  Asked if dealing with Trump was like managing a difficult child, the French president replied: “Not at all. I’m managing a partner of the world’s biggest power and a historical partner for our country.” ",1
1592,"Wisconsin, Ohio, California among states targeted by Russian hackers in 2016 race","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Wisconsin, Ohio, California and 10 other states said on Friday they were among 21 states that Russian government hackers targeted in an effort to sway the 2016 presidential election in favor of Donald Trump though no votes were changed. The Department of Homeland Security confirmed it had notified the states of the activity but declined to identify them. Russia has denied election meddling, and President Trump has denied any collusion with Russia. Alabama, Alaska, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Minnesota, Texas and Washington state also confirmed they were targeted by Russian hackers but said they were not successful. Arizona and Illinois confirmed last year that they were targets.  The Associated Press confirmed Iowa, Maryland, North Dakota, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Oregon, Oklahoma and Virginia were also targets, bringing the total states identified to 21. Those states did not immediately return messages seeking comment late Friday. “There remains no evidence that the Russians altered one vote or changed one registration,” said Judd Choate, president of the U.S. National Association of State Election Directors.  Wisconsin Elections Commission Administrator Michael Haas said Homeland Security told the states that “Russian government cyber actors” targeted state voter registration systems. Homeland Security officials have said that in most of the 21 states only preliminary activity was observed from hackers and a small number of networks were compromised. Some states had complained in June they had no idea if Russians had attempted to infiltrate their systems. California Secretary of State Alex Padilla said Friday that hackers had scanned state election systems but not breached the system. “It is completely unacceptable that it has taken DHS over a year to inform our office of Russian scanning of our systems, despite our repeated requests for information,” he said. Homeland Security spokesman Scott McConnell said in a statement the government believes “officials should be kept informed about cybersecurity risks to election infrastructure” but also wants to protect “the integrity of investigations and the confidentiality of system owners.” U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded the Kremlin orchestrated an operation that included hacking and online propaganda intended to help Trump win, Reuters reported in August. Senator Mark Warner, a Virginia Democrat who co-chairs the Senate Cybersecurity Caucus, said Friday in a statement it is “unacceptable that it took almost a year after the election to notify states that their elections systems were targeted.” He said officials must inform states of attempts to enter election systems “just as any homeowner would expect the alarm company to inform them of all break-in attempts, even if the burglar doesn’t actually get inside the house.” Colorado Secretary of State Wayne Williams said DHS told it that its systems were scanned in the weeks before the 2016 election. “A scan is similar to burglars jiggling the doors of a house and moving on when they realize the doors are locked,” the state said. Washington state’s top election official, Kim Wyman, said the state learned in 2016 of attempted intrusions from Russian internet addresses and immediately alerted the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The list of targets includes battleground states like Wisconsin, Ohio and Iowa, but other key states like Michigan said Friday they were told they were not targeted. It also included states that were not seriously contested like California and Texas.         Wisconsin was one of a handful of battleground Midwestern states that helped Trump win the presidency over Democratic rival Hillary Clinton. Trump carried the state by 22,748 votes, or about 0.8 of a percentage point. Many of the other states were not seriously in contention in the 2016 race. Several congressional committees are investigating and special counsel Robert Mueller is leading a separate probe into the Russia matter, including whether Moscow colluded with the Trump campaign.",1
1593,"U.S. challenged by rising North Korea tensions, Russia urges calm","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Russia urged “hot heads” to calm down on Friday as the United States admitted it felt “challenged” by North Korea’s warning that it could test a hydrogen bomb over the Pacific and President Donald Trump and Kim Jong Un traded more insults.  Trump called the North Korean leader a “madman” on Friday, a day after Kim dubbed him a “mentally deranged U.S. dotard” who would face the “highest level of hard-line countermeasure in history” in retaliation for Trump saying the U.S. would  “totally destroy” North Korea if it threatened the U.S. or its allies.    “We have to calm down the hot heads,” Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov told reporters at the United Nations, where world leaders gathered this week for the annual U.N. General Assembly. “We continue to strive for the reasonable and not the emotional approach...of the kindergarten fight between children.” U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson expressed hope in an interview with ABC that sanctions and “voices from every corner of the world” could lead North Korea back to talks, but admitted intensifying rhetoric had left Washington “quite challenged.”  North Korea’s Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho, warned on Thursday that Kim  could consider a hydrogen bomb test of an unprecedented scale over the Pacific. Ri, who is due to speak to the United Nations on Saturday, added that he did not know Kim’s exact thoughts. In response, Tillerson said U.S. diplomatic efforts would continue but all military options were still on the table. North Korea’s six nuclear tests to date have all been underground, and experts say an atmospheric test, which would be the first since one by China in 1980, would be proof of the  success of its weapons program. A senior U.S. official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Washington was taking Kim’s threat seriously and added that any atmospheric test would be a “game-changer.” But he said there were questions about North Korea’s technical capabilities and Washington did not give “too much credence” to Pyongyang taking such action. “There’s a certain amount of bluster that’s taken for granted when you’re dealing with North Korea,” the official told Reuters. Pyongyang conducted its sixth and largest nuclear test on Sept. 3 and has launched dozens of missiles this year as it accelerates a program aimed at enabling it to target the United States with a nuclear-tipped missile. Lavrov on Friday again pushed a proposal by Moscow and Beijing for a dual suspension of North Korean weapons tests and the U.S.-South Korean military drills to kick-start talks. Lavrov suggested that a neutral European country could mediate.  He described the exchange of insults between the U.S. and North Korean leaders was “quite bad, unacceptable.” U.S. Treasury and gold prices rose while the Japanese yen strengthened on Friday as the exchange of barbs fueled geopolitical jitters and drove investors into assets considered safer during times of turmoil. The latest round of rhetoric began on Tuesday when Trump, in his first address to the United Nations, made the threat to destroy North Korea, a country of 26 million people. He also called Kim a “rocket man” on a suicide mission. “His remarks ... have convinced me, rather than frightening or stopping me, that the path I chose is correct and that it is the one I have to follow to the last,” Kim said in the statement carried by the North’s official KCNA news agency on Friday, promising to make Trump “pay dearly for his speech.” South Korea said it was the first direct statement of its kind by a North Korean leader. Japan, the only country to suffer an atomic attack, called the North Korean threat to conduct an atmospheric test “totally unacceptable”. Trump on Friday tweeted: “Kim Jong Un of North Korea, who is obviously a madman who doesn’t mind starving or killing his people, will be tested like never before.” The White House said on Friday that Trump and South Korean President Moon Jae-in had agreed to Seoul’s “acquisition and development of highly advanced military assets” and to increased deployment of U.S. strategic assets in and around South Korea on a rotational basis.” It did not name specific weapons systems. On Thursday Trump announced new U.S. sanctions that he said allows the targeting of companies and institutions that finance and facilitate trade with North Korea. Then when asked if diplomacy was still a possible, he said: “Why not?” The additional sanctions on Pyongyang, including on its shipping and trade networks, showed Trump was giving more time for economic pressure to weigh on North Korea. U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said banks doing business in North Korea would not be allowed to operate in the United States. KCNA also published rare criticism of official Chinese media, saying comments on North Korea’s nuclear program had damaged ties and suggested Beijing, its neighbor and only major ally, had sided with Washington. KCNA said Chinese media was “openly resorting to interference in the internal affairs of another country” and driving a wedge between the two countries. China’s Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said: “All relevant sides should exercise restraint and dedicate themselves to easing the situation rather than irritating each other.” The rhetoric has started to rattle some in other countries. French Sports Minister Laura Flessel said France’s team would not travel to the 2018 Winter Olympic Games in South Korea if its security could not be guaranteed. The 2018 Games are to be staged in Pyeongchang, just 80 km (50 miles) from the demilitarized zone between North and South Korea, the world’s most heavily armed border. (Corrects typographical error to ‘dual’ in paragraph 12.) ",1
1594,China says to ban some petroleum exports to North Korea,"SHANGHAI (Reuters) - China said on Saturday it will ban exports of some petroleum products to North Korea, as well as imports of textiles from the isolated North, to comply with a United Nations Security Council resolution. The Ministry of Commerce said in a statement on its website that China would limit exports of refined petroleum products from Oct. 1, and ban exports of condensates and liquefied natural gas immediately. Imports of textiles from North Korea would also be banned immediately, the statement said. (Corrects headline to make clear some petroleum exports banned) ",1
1595,Trump takes center stage in fractious Senate race in Alabama,"HUNTSVILLE, Alabama (Reuters) - President Donald Trump injected himself into a bitter U.S. Senate primary fight in Alabama on Friday, putting to the test his ability to enlist his anti-establishment voters to come to the aid of an endangered Republican incumbent.  Trump spoke at a rally in Huntsville, Alabama, on behalf of  Senator Luther Strange, who was appointed after the seat was left vacant when Jeff Sessions was named Trump’s attorney general. Strange is trying to ward off a challenge from Roy Moore, an arch-conservative former state Supreme Court justice, in a runoff election next week. Polls show the race to be close.  Trump appeared on stage as the latest Republican effort to repeal Obamacare looked to be faltering after Republican Senator John McCain announced his opposition to a measure to repeal and replace the healthcare law. McCain’s opposition could spell doom for the bill, which the Senate may vote on it next week, because Republicans can afford to lose few votes among their own. When Trump mentioned McCain’s name in front of the arena crowd of more than 7,000, attendees booed lustily.  Trump expressed optimism that the bill could still pass. “We’re going to do it eventually,” he said.  He also continued to engage in a rhetorical sparring match with North Korea leader Kim Jong Un, again referring to him as “Rocket Man” to the crowd’s cheers. “We can’t have madmen out there shooting rockets all over the place,” Trump said.  The evening was reminiscent of the raucous campaign rallies that helped define Trump’s insurgent presidential candidacy, and the president’s popularity in this region appeared undiminished. As he has frequently done in such settings, he spent a significant portion of his remarks discussing his surprise victory last November.  He also again rejected any suggestion that his triumph was aided by Russian interference in the election. “Russia did not help me. That I can tell you,” Trump said. “Are there any Russians in the audience?” Trump, however, was in Huntsville not to back the maverick candidate Moore, but instead the establishment favorite, Strange. A win by Moore in Alabama could embolden other insurgent candidates to challenge Republican incumbents in next year’s congressional elections, and perhaps give an edge to Democrats in some of those races.  Trump’s involvement in the Alabama race could help bolster his strained relationship with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, whose help the president needs to advance his agenda on taxes, healthcare and immigration. McConnell has strongly supported Strange, viewing him as a reliable vote to further the Republican Party’s legislative agenda. Hours before Trump was due to arrive in Alabama, his housing secretary, Ben Carson, issued a statement in support of Moore as “truly someone who reflects the Judeo-Christian values that were so important to the establishment of our country.” “I wish him well and hope everyone will make sure they vote on Tuesday,” Carson said, stopping short of asking people in Alabama to vote for Moore.  Republican leaders fear that candidates who are too far to the right could lose to Democrats, who are seeking to wrest control of the House and the Senate in the 2018 midterm elections. Strange, 64, and dubbed “Big Luther” in reference to his 6-foot-9 stature, has been backed by nearly $9 million of advertising from a McConnell-allied political action committee.  Trump implored the crowd to back Strange so that “we can defend your interests, fight for your values, and always put America first.”  Moore, 70, is a religious conservative who twice lost his position as the state’s top judge. He was ousted in 2003 after refusing to comply with a federal court order to remove a Ten Commandments monument from the state Supreme Court building. He is also known for his opposition to gay rights. He is popular with many of the same conservative voters who backed Trump last November. “A lot of people love Trump and love Roy Moore,” said Ford O’Connell, a Republican strategist who has worked for Strange in Alabama. Trump’s embrace of Strange has put him at odds with his former adviser Steve Bannon and the nationalistic wing of the party. Breitbart, the conservative news site that Bannon oversees, has repeatedly attacked Strange as a Washington insider while praising Moore as an outsider in the mold of Trump when he was a presidential candidate. ",1
1596,China tells Japan not to abandon dialogue over North Korea,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Japan talking only about sanctions on North Korea rather than dialogue will be seen as going against United Nations resolutions, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi told his Japanese counterpart. Tensions have continued to rise since North Korea carried out its sixth nuclear test on Sept. 3, prompting a new round of U.N. sanctions. Wang told Japan Foreign Minister Taro Kono on the sidelines of a United Nations meeting in New York that the situation on the Korean peninsula was getting increasingly serious and all sides needed to remain calm. Resuming peace talks was just as much a part of the U.N. resolutions as enforcing sanctions, Wang said, according to a statement issued by China’s Foreign Ministry late on Friday. “If the Japanese side only talks about sanctions and does not bring up talks, or even goes against talks, it will be seen as contravening Security Council resolutions,” the ministry cited Wang as saying. China hoped that Japan talked and acted cautiously and played a constructive role on the nuclear issue, he said. Beijing has repeatedly expressed concern about the rise of tensions over North Korea and, while it too has signed up for the increasingly tough U.N. sanctions, it has also urged a return to talks and for all parties to exercise restraint. On Friday, Russia urged “hot heads” to calm down as the United States admitted it felt “challenged” by North Korea’s warning that it could test a hydrogen bomb over the Pacific. Trump called North Korean leader Kim Jong Un a “madman” on Friday, a day after Kim dubbed him a “mentally deranged U.S. dotard” who would face the “highest level of hard-line countermeasure in history” in retaliation for Trump saying the U.S. would “totally destroy” North Korea if it threatened the United States or its allies. ",1
1597,"U.S. Senator McCain opposes Obamacare repeal bill, a possible fatal blow","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator John McCain said on Friday he opposes the latest Republican bill to dismantle Obamacare, dealing the measure what could be a fatal blow given the party’s slim Senate majority. With several other Republicans still undecided on the measure, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said earlier this week he intended to bring it to the Senate floor for a vote next week, though he did not promise to do so. A vote would set the stage for another dramatic Capitol Hill decision on the 2010 law that brought health insurance to millions of Americans and became former Democratic President Barack Obama’s signature domestic achievement. For seven years, Republicans have hammered Obamacare as an unwarranted government intrusion into American healthcare. President Donald Trump made repealing Obamacare one of his top campaign promises in 2016. Democrats have fiercely defended it. The announcement by McCain, a Republican who has often been at odds with Trump and who cast a crucial “no” vote in July that helped defeat an earlier Republican repeal bill, had the potential to up-end McConnell’s plans. McConnell’s office did not immediately respond to requests for comment. At a rally in Alabama, Trump said McCain’s decision was “totally unexpected, terrible.” Despite the setback, Trump said: “We still have a chance. We’re going to do it eventually.” Republicans have only a narrow Senate majority and cannot afford to lose many votes on the bill. They are also on a tight timetable. McConnell has been trying to schedule a vote on the bill by Sept. 30, the last day on which the bill could pass with only a simple majority of 51 votes in the Senate. A vote taken any later than that would have to garner at least 60 votes for passage. Weeks after the humiliating defeat in July, when the Obamacare repeal fight seemed to be over, the current bill was introduced by Republican Senators Bill Cassidy and Lindsey Graham, a close friend of McCain’s, and seemed to gain momentum. But McCain on Friday laid out his opposition in a statement: “I cannot in good conscience vote for the Graham-Cassidy proposal.” He said he took no pleasure in announcing his opposition and noted that the bill’s authors “are my dear friends.” McCain complained about the rushed process Republicans used to push the bill forward. He said he would consider supporting a bill like it if it had emerged from extensive hearings, debate and amendment. “But that has not been the case,” he said.  McCain, who cast his “no” vote in July just days after being diagnosed with an aggressive brain cancer, said he could not support the bill without knowing how much it would cost, how it would affect insurance premiums and “how many people will be helped or hurt by it,” information that will not be available until the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office provides a full assessment at the end of September. The Graham-Cassidy bill would take federal money spent on the Medicaid program for the poor and disabled, as well as subsidies to help Americans buy private insurance, and divvy it up to the states in block grants. Advocates say that would give states more discretion to manage their own healthcare schemes. Although the CBO has not yet fully assessed the bill’s effects, independent analyses indicate it would fundamentally redistribute federal healthcare money, generally with Republican-leaning states benefiting and Democratic-leaning states losing, largely because a majority of the states that opted to expand Medicaid under Obamacare were Democratic-leaning. A Washington Post-ABC News opinion poll said Americans prefer Obamacare to the Graham-Cassidy alternative by 56 percent to 33 percent. Graham said in a statement he was not giving up. “We press on,” he said. Shares of health insurers turned up after McCain announced his oppositions. Centene ended 1.6 percent higher while Humana closed up 0.2 percent, reversing earlier losses.  State-by-state impacts from Graham-Cassidy would vary, the Axios news website reported on Friday, citing a study by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), the unit of the Department of Health and Human Services that oversees Medicaid and the Obamacare program. The CMS study found that by 2026, Alaska would lose 38 percent of its federal funding for insurance subsidies and Medicaid; Arizona would lose 9 percent; Maine would gain 44 percent; Ohio would lose 18 percent; and West Virginia would lose 23 percent, Axios reported. These states are home to Republican senators who are under pressure on healthcare. Both of Alaska’s Republican senators, Lisa Murkowski and Dan Sullivan, are still on the fence over Graham-Cassidy. The CMS had no immediate comment on the Axios report. Besides McCain, Kentucky’s Rand Paul is the only other Republican senator who has publicly said he opposes the bill. Maine’s Susan Collins said she was leaning against the bill, the Portland Press-Herald newspaper reported on Friday. Kansas’ Jerry Moran is also undecided. No Democrats support the bill. To pass Graham-Cassidy, the Republicans need at least 50 votes in the 100-seat Senate, which they control 52-48, with Vice President Mike Pence casting a potential tie-breaking vote. The insurance industry, hospitals, medical advocacy groups such as the American Medical Association, American Heart Association and American Cancer Society, the AARP advocacy group for the elderly and consumer activists oppose the bill. The Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, a liberal think tank in Washington, estimated the bill would cause more than 30 million people to lose insurance. ",1
1598,"Despite tensions, U.S. sees value in New START treaty with Russia","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States sees value in the New START arms control treaty with Russia, despite Washington’s concerns about Moscow’s track record on arms control and other issues, senior U.S. officials said on Friday. The remarks by the Trump administration officials, speaking to reporters on condition of anonymity, suggest the treaty will remain in force and the door remains open to pursuing an extension of the accord, which is set to expire in 2021. The New Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty gives both countries until February 2018 to reduce their deployed strategic nuclear warheads to no more than 1,550, the lowest level in decades. It also limits deployed land- and submarine-based missiles and nuclear-capable bombers. Reuters has reported that President Donald Trump, in his first call with Russian President Vladimir Putin, criticized the New START treaty, saying it favored Moscow. But one of the Trump administration officials said on Friday the United States was not looking to discard New START. Senior U.S. officials, including U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, have questioned Russia’s reliability on arms control, citing longstanding U.S. allegations that Russia has violated the Cold War-era Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty. Russia denies treaty violations and accuses the United States of them. The accusations come amid a nosedive in U.S.-Russian relations. U.S. intelligence agencies accuse Russia of meddling in the U.S. presidential election, which Moscow denies, and recent tit-for-tat exchanges between Washington and Moscow include moves to slash each others’ diplomatic presence. The tensions have reached Syria, where the United States and Russia are backing different forces that are scrambling to claim what is left of Islamic State-held territory. Russia warned the United States on Thursday it would target U.S.-backed militias in Syria if Russian troops again came under fire. Still, a second senior Trump administration official said Friday the United States was seeking ways to improve communication with Moscow and build some degree of trust, which the official described as non-existent. Trump took office saying he wanted to improve ties strained since Moscow’s 2014 annexation of Crimea and the separatist conflict in eastern Ukraine, which led Washington to impose sanctions on Russia. Ukraine’s Petro Poroshenko met Trump on Thursday and said afterward that they had a shared vision of a “new level” of defense cooperation. But the second senior Trump administration official said there had been no decision on whether to provide defensive arms to Ukraine, something Kiev has long wanted.  ",1
1599,"Comey talks 'real world,' meets protests at black university","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Protesters at Howard University chanted and booed on Friday through James Comey’s first public address since he testified to Congress about his firing by U.S. President Donald Trump, challenging the former FBI director with a taste of the “real world” he was trying to describe to them. Students protesting the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s treatment of black activists began chanting the civil rights song “We Shall Not Be Moved” as Comey stood at the podium, waiting out the demonstrators during a video about the historically black university in Washington, D.C.  The chants continued, intensifying and sometimes subsiding,  as Comey began his address, which focused on how he believed college campuses were very much a part of what he called the “real world.” Comey did not ignore the shouts. “The rest of the real world is a place where it’s hard sometimes to find people who will listen with an attitude that they might actually be convinced of something,” he told them.  “Instead, what happens in most of the real world - and about four rows in this auditorium - is that people don’t listen at all.” The protesters included HUResist, a Howard student social justice group that criticized Comey’s FBI for its treatment of Black Lives Matter activists.  “Get out James Comey, you ain’t my homie!” students chanted before his address.  “We will not let the voice and opinions of white supremacy live on this campus,” HUResist said on Twitter. Howard University officials did not immediately respond to a request for comment.  Comey became a lightning rod for criticism from Democrats when he disclosed shortly before the November presidential election a new trove of emails involving the party’s candidate, Hillary Clinton. Many, including Clinton, said they believed this contributed to her loss to Republican Trump. In June congressional testimony, Comey accused the president of firing him in May to undermine the FBI’s investigation of possible collusion by Trump’s campaign with Russia to influence the election. At Howard, Comey soldiered on with comments about a “real world” that may have been veiled criticism of Trump, who touts the virtues of winning, but also were directed at the fury in front of him. “They aren’t looking to actually learn anything about you or about what you think,” he said. “It’s a place where people take sides rather than trying to understand - are they still on the right side? They care mostly about their side winning.” ",1
1600,"Trump, Republicans to showcase tax cut for businesses","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and top Republicans in Congress are about to show how aggressively they intend to cut the corporate tax rate, while trying to avoid the appearance of favoring the wealthy. The “Big Six” team of Republican tax policy makers is expected to release a plan on Wednesday targeting tax cuts for businesses, but offering few clues about how to replace reduced federal revenues, said lobbyists and congressional sources. Under pressure from corporate America, the team is expected to call for a corporate income tax target rate possibly within a range of 18-23 percent, down from the current rate of 35 percent. But the Big Six, which includes top Trump aides and congressional Republican leaders, is expected to refrain from cutting the top individual tax rate of 39.6 percent, in a risky step that many Republicans in the House of Representatives could find hard to swallow. “They’re not going to cut the highest income tax rate. They’re not,” predicted Stephen Moore, a fellow at the conservative Heritage Foundation think tank. Moore helped write Trump’s campaign tax plan. Overhauling the tax code was a key pledge for Trump in his 2016 presidential campaign. But after eight months in office, he has made only limited progress. Washington has achieved no major tax overhaul since 1986. Trump portrays lower corporate taxes as a boon to workers, saying they would lead to more jobs and higher salaries. A rate cut on corporate profits could also be used to benefit shareholders and to offer up more executive bonuses, however. “The details leaking out of the Big Six meetings paint a clear picture of an unprecedented tax giveaway for the most fortunate and biggest corporations,” Senator Ron Wyden, top Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee, said this week. The Big Six — Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, Trump economic adviser Gary Cohn, Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell, House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan and two tax committee chairmen — have been working on their plan for months.  But they are still undecided on key issues, including whether to let businesses write off new investments immediately; how to lower tax rates for small businesses; and whether to cut middle-class taxes simply by doubling the standard deduction for individuals and families, according to lobbyists. Resolving such issues will help determine how aggressively Republicans can cut corporate taxes. Lobbyists said they do not expect the Big Six to offer many details about the tax loopholes and deductions that could be eliminated to help pay for tax cuts. “Our expectation is that it will be a bold transformative tax reform. That would mean a dramatic corporate rate cut, an aggressive stripping out of set-asides and special interest carve-outs and simplification,” said Tim Phillips, president of Americans for Prosperity, a political group backed by billionaire conservatives Charles and David Koch. White House spokeswoman Natalie Strom declined to comment on the blueprint. “We have always said that tax reform will include lowering rates, closing loopholes and broadening the base by ending special interest tax breaks. Those priorities will be reflected in the plan,” she said.  The Big Six will likely address the estimated $2.6 trillion in U.S. corporate profits held overseas by requiring companies to bring the money home at rates of 3.5 percent for reinvested profits and 8.75 percent for on cash and equivalents, lobbyists said.  To offset lost revenue, the Trump administration plans to forecast a flood of new tax revenue in coming years, based on aggressive assumptions of tax-fueled economic expansion. But Senate Republicans have shown signs of moving away from such “dynamic” scoring of any tax legislation impact.  Two senators, including a prominent fiscal hawk, agreed this week to a “static” score that could allow tax reform to lose up to $1.5 trillion over the next decade. Senate Republicans also are likely to avoid budget baseline changes to generate savings for tax reform on paper. That could well mean the Big Six plan would balloon the federal budget deficit. “Without those, the price goes up. There’s no other way to look at it,” said John Gimigliano, a former House Ways and Means Committee tax counsel who leads federal legislative and regulatory services at KPMG LLP. ",1
1601,Democratic senator lifts hold on Trump antitrust nominee -aide,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren has lifted her hold on President Donald Trump’s pick to run the Justice Department’s Antitrust Division, a move that will allow the Senate to vote to confirm Makan Delrahim, a senior Republican aide said on Friday. Warren, a Massachusetts Democrat, had met with Delrahim early in September where she pressed him about her concerns about lobbying and political interference in antitrust.  Delrahim, a veteran of the Justice Department and a lobbyist, has been nominated to be assistant attorney general. It was not immediately clear when the vote would go forward. The president took an usually long time nominating Delrahim, finally naming him in late March. The Senate Judiciary Committee approved him in June, and sent his nomination to the full Senate. In the interim, the Justice Department Antitrust Division is being run by Andrew Finch, who will become a deputy to Delrahim once he is in place. Warren’s office and Delrahim did not immediately respond to a request for comment about the hold being lifted. Senator Orrin Hatch, a member of the Judiciary Committee and a Utah Republican, has worked with Warren and others to address concerns about Delrahim’s nomination, Hatch’s office said in a statement.  Warren had been concerned about Trump attempting to exert political influence on antitrust decisions. As a candidate, Trump had said he would oppose AT&T Inc’s proposed $85 billion acquisition of Time Warner Inc, owner of CNN and one of the country’s largest film and television companies. Delrahim said in his confirmation hearing in May that on his watch, the division’s merger reviews would be free from any political influence.",1
1602,Mediation to end Minnesota budget dispute fizzles,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Court-ordered mediation aimed at ending a funding dispute between Minnesota’s Democratic governor and the Republican-controlled legislature ended on Friday with the mediator declaring an impasse. The Minnesota Supreme Court earlier this month ordered the two branches of government to use a mediator to resolve a dispute over Governor Mark Dayton’s veto of funding for the legislature in the fiscal 2018-19 biennial budget. Richard Solum, a retired Minnesota judge who served as the mediator, said in a statement that after a day and a half of talks he concluded the two sides were at an impasse. Dayton’s veto in May touched off a legal battle with the legislature, which claimed the removal of nearly $130 million in funding from the budget was unconstitutional. While a Ramsey County District Court judge sided with the legislature in July, the state Supreme Court on Sept. 8 determined that the governor’s action was constitutional. However, the high court raised concerns over the ability of the legislature to continue to exist without funding. Dayton on Friday reiterated his stance that his veto was aimed at pressuring Republicans to revise tax measures, which he said “will seriously jeopardize Minnesota government’s future financial stability.” He added that mediation revealed the legislature has money available to operate until its new session begins in February. “They owe the Minnesota Supreme Court and the people of Minnesota an honest explanation of why they have dragged all of us into their costly theatrics over the past four months,” Dayton said in a statement. Republican legislative leaders issued a joint statement expressing disappointment that “Governor Dayton walked out and abruptly ended mediation today.” The demise of mediation returns the matter to the Supreme Court for a final ruling, according to Susan Closmore, a spokeswoman for House Republicans. Dayton’s veto raised credit concerns for the state by leaving $80.1 million of certificates of participation issued in 2014 for a Senate office facility without an appropriation for rental and debt payments next due in November and December. After the district court judge ordered the state to temporarily fund the legislature until Oct. 1, S&P on June 30 affirmed Minnesota’s AA-plus rating and removed it from a watch list for a potential downgrade. ",1
1603,"Trump mulls new order to replace travel ban, no decision yet","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump is considering a new order to replace his soon-to-expire travel ban on people from six Muslim-majority countries that would be tailored on a country-by-country basis to protect the United States from attacks, U.S. officials said on Friday. With the current ban on people from Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen due to expire on Sunday, Trump was given recommendations by Elaine Duke, the acting homeland security secretary, but has not yet made a decision on the details of any new order, the officials told reporters. Miles Taylor, counselor to Duke, said she recommended to Trump “actions that are tough and that are tailored, including travel restrictions and enhanced screening for certain countries.” Taylor declined to say which or how many countries would be targeted, including the status of the six countries covered by the current ban. White House spokesman Raj Shah said that while “we can’t get into decision-making,” the next step will be a presidential proclamation setting out the new policy. He declined to say when that would come, including whether Trump would act before the existing ban expires. The American Civil Liberties Union, the rights group that mounted one of the legal challenges to the March order, expressed skepticism about Trump’s forthcoming action. “This looks to be the Trump administration’s third try to make good on an unconstitutional campaign promise to ban Muslims from the United States,” ACLU Executive Director Anthony Romero said. Trump’s six-nation travel ban was laid out in a March 6 executive order that was blocked by federal courts before being allowed to go into effect with some limits by the U.S. Supreme Court in June. Under the recommendations Trump is weighing, there would be restrictions on U.S. entry that differ by nation, based on cooperation with American security mandates, the threat the United States believes each country presents and other variables, Taylor said. He did not specify the nature of the restrictions, but said that after being imposed they could be lifted “if conditions change.” The legal question of whether the existing ban discriminates against Muslims in violation of the U.S. Constitution, as lower courts previously ruled, will be argued before the Supreme Court on Oct. 10. Officials declined to say how the proposed change in policy could affect the upcoming Supreme Court case.  The March travel ban and an earlier January one that targeted the same six countries as well as Iraq are some of the most controversial actions taken by Trump since assuming office in January. Critics have called the policy an unlawful “Muslim ban,” accusing the Republican president of discriminating against Muslims in violation of constitutional guarantees of religious liberty and equal protection under the law, breaking existing U.S. immigration law, and stoking religious hatred. Trump, who has promised that “radical Islamic terrorism” will be “eradicated,” wrote on Twitter on Sept. 15: “The travel ban into the United States should be far larger, tougher and more specific-but stupidly, that would not be politically correct!” The expiring ban blocked entry into the United States by people from the six countries for 90 days and locked out most aspiring refugees for 120 days to give Trump’s administration time to conduct a worldwide review of U.S. vetting procedures for foreign visitors. The existing refugee ban expires on Oct. 24. Taylor said American officials in July notified every foreign government of requirements for the minimum cooperation the United States needs to validate traveler identities to ensure they do not represent a national security threat. Those countries were given 50 days to respond. People from countries that did not meet the requirements may not be allowed to enter the United States or may face other travel restrictions, Taylor said. Most countries met those requirements or agreed to work toward meeting them, Taylor added. “At the end of the day, some countries were still unable or, worse yet, deliberately unwilling to comply with the new baseline that we laid out,” Taylor said. Trump, who promised as a candidate to impose “a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States,” has said the soon-to-expire ban was needed to protect the United States from terrorism. “We need to know who is coming into our country,” Taylor said. “We should be able to validate their identities and we should be able to confirm that our foreign partners do not have information suggesting such individuals may represent a threat to the United States.” While Trump’s January and March orders were quickly blocked by federal courts, the expected new restrictions might be harder to challenge because they are the product of a worldwide review process examining vetting procedures of foreign countries, legal experts said. ",1
1604,"Russia tells North Korea, U.S. 'hot heads' to calm down","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Russia’s foreign minister said on Friday the leaders of North Korea and the United States should tone down their bellicose rhetoric and warned that a collapse of a nuclear deal between Iran and world powers would only embolden Pyongyang. “The exchange of threats is quite bad, unacceptable,” Sergei Lavrov told reporters at a news conference.” We have to calm down the hot heads,” Lavrov said, adding that he was convinced a Russian-Chinese proposal could still pave the way for a diplomatic solution to the North Korea crisis. Lavrov added that a collapse of the Iran nuclear deal would give North Korea little incentive to drop its nuclear program in return for sanctions relief.  ",1
1605,House Republican unveils tax bill to aid hurricane victims,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top Republican tax law writer in the U.S. House of Representatives unveiled new tax legislation on Friday that he said would help people cope with hurricane devastation in Texas, Florida, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico and other areas. “My bill specifically helps hurricane victims keep more of their paycheck, deduct more of the cost of their...property damage and have more affordable and immediate access to money they have saved for their retirement,” House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady said in a statement accompanying the measure.  “The legislation will also encourage even more Americans to donate generously to help those in need,” he added.          ",1
1606,Facebook to overhaul political ads after threat of U.S. regulation,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Facebook Inc (FB.O) on Thursday launched an overhaul of how it handles paid political advertisements, giving a concession to U.S. lawmakers who have threatened to regulate the world’s largest social network over secretive ads that run during election campaigns. The company also said it would turn over to congressional investigators the 3,000 political ads that it says were likely purchased by Russian entities during and after the 2016 U.S. presidential election.  Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg said the company, for the first time, would now make it possible for anyone to see any political ads that run on Facebook, no matter whom they target.  Facebook will also demand that political advertisers disclose who is paying for the advertisements, a requirement that under U.S. law applies to political ads on television but not on social media.  “We will work with others to create a new standard for transparency in online political ads,” Zuckerberg said.  Zuckerberg, broadcasting live on Facebook from company headquarters in Menlo Park, California, said the changes would help address concerns that governments including Russia are using Facebook ads to meddle in other countries’ elections. Earlier this month, Facebook said an internal review had shown that an operation likely based in Russia spent $100,000 on 3,000 Facebook ads promoting divisive messages in the months before and after last year’s U.S. presidential election. The company initially declined to turn over details on the ads to Congress. U.S. congressional investigators and special counsel Robert Mueller are examining alleged Russian election interference, which Moscow has denied. Investigators are interested in other companies as well. Representatives for Twitter Inc (TWTR.N) are set to meet next week with staff from the Senate Intelligence Committee in relation to inquiries into the 2016 election.  Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said on Thursday that he wants to hear from Facebook, Alphabet Inc’s (GOOGL.O) Google, Twitter and others in public hearings.  “It will be important for the committee to scrutinize how rigorous Facebook’s internal investigation has been, to test its conclusions and to understand why it took as long as it did,” Schiff said in a statement. The political advertising changes represent a retreat for Facebook, which for years has resisted calls from transparency advocates and academics for the regulation of political ads. The company has instead treated them like all commercial ads. In the days after the November 2016 U.S. election, Zuckerberg said it was a “crazy idea” to think that misinformation on Facebook swayed the vote toward President Donald Trump.  Senator Mark Warner, the vice chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, this month compared political ads on social media to the “wild, wild West” and said legislation might be needed to address them.  The U.S. Federal Election Commission last week sought public comment on possible regulatory changes to digital ads and considered whether to call Facebook and other tech firms before the commission for a public hearing.  Facebook has grown to be the leading online platform for political ads because of its low costs and tools for targeting messages to narrow audiences.  U.S. political campaigns likely spent $300 million on Facebook ads during the 2016 election cycle, according to Nomura analysts, though the exact amount is unknown.  It remained unclear whether Facebook’s voluntary changes would satisfy demands for government action.  Warner and another senator, Democrat Amy Klobuchar, on Thursday sent a letter to colleagues inviting them to be co-sponsors of legislation they are writing that would formalize and expand the commitments Zuckerberg made.  The legislation, they wrote, would require digital platforms with 1 million or more users to maintain a publicly available file of all election-related ads bought by people who spend more than $10,000, according to a copy of the letter seen by Reuters.  Trevor Potter, president of the pro-transparency Campaign Legal Center, said in a statement that his group would “carefully monitor Facebook’s implementation of this new policy.” He said Facebook “helped create the secrecy that gave rise to foreign interference in the 2016 elections.” In the past, Facebook has argued that ad details had to remain confidential unless released by the advertisers. Zuckerberg, who returned to work on Thursday after a month of paternity leave, laid out other steps the company would take to prevent governments from using Facebook to manipulate each other’s elections.  He said Facebook would hire 250 additional people; expand partnerships with election commissions around the world; and adapt systems to help deter political bullying.  Facebook has not found an attempt at election-meddling in Germany, Zuckerberg said, but he added that the company would continue to examine fake accounts that it has removed in advance of Sunday’s German national election.  “I don’t want anyone to use our tools to undermine democracy. That’s not what we stand for,” Zuckerberg said.  Facebook General Counsel Colin Stretch said in a blog post on Thursday that it was unusual for Facebook to voluntarily turn over information to government authorities, as it was doing by giving U.S. lawmakers copies of ads. The company has long had a rigid policy of refusing to turn over any user information without a court order or other legal process.   But ultimately, Stretch wrote, “We believe the public deserves a full accounting of what happened in the 2016 election.” ",1
1607,Trump yet to decide on new travel restrictions: officials,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The acting secretary of Homeland Security has notified President Donald Trump of countries that do not meet new U.S. vetting standards and has recommended “tailored” and “tough” restrictions on their citizens’ entry into the United States, U.S. officials said on Friday. Trump has not yet approved the restrictions, the officials said. It is unclear if he will do so before a temporary travel ban on citizens of six majority-Muslim countries expires on Sunday. The officials declined to say how many or which countries were included in DHS acting Secretary Elaine Duke’s report to Trump. ",1
1608,Senator McCain to vote against Obamacare repeal: statement,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator John McCain said on Friday that he would vote against a new Republican bill to dismantle Obamacare if it is brought onto the Senate floor next week, in a new setback for the proposal. “I cannot in good conscience vote for the Graham-Cassidy proposal,” McCain said in a statement about the bill sponsored by Senators Lindsey Graham and Bill Cassidy. McCain said he could not support the bill not knowing how much it would cost and how it would affect insurance coverage, adding that he believed both parties could do better if they work together on legislation. ",1
1609,Health Secretary Price's use of private jets under review,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Health Secretary Tom Price’s use of private jets for government travel was under investigation on Friday after an internal watchdog agreed to review the issue following calls by Democrats for a probe. Department of Health and Human Services Inspector General Daniel Levinson’s office said it would request Price’s travel records and seek to review their justification. Price has taken at least two dozen such charter flights since May at a cost to U.S. taxpayers of about $300,000, according to Politico, which first reported the travel. HHS’s Office of the Inspector General “is conducting a review of Secretary Price’s federal travel using chartered aircraft. The review focuses on whether the travel complied with Federal Travel Regulations, but may encompass other issues related to the travel,” said Levinson’s spokeswoman, Tesia Williams, adding that it would be finished as soon as possible. The move comes after House Democratic lawmakers called for the internal review earlier this week. [nL2N1M203S] Separately, the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform’s top Democrat, U.S. Representative Elijah Cummings, also asked Price for details on the flights and called on panel chairman Trey Gowdy to hold an immediate hearing on the issue. Representatives for Price did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the investigation, earlier reported by the Washington Post and NBC News.  HHS spokeswoman Charmaine Yoest defended Price’s travels, telling the Post: “This is Secretary Price, getting outside of D.C., making sure he is connected with the real American people” and adding that commercial flights could have lengthy delays or force him to miss public events.  In a letter to Price, Cummings asked the secretary for details on the number of flights, the full costs and any documentation about their purpose by Oct. 10. “If these reports are accurate, this would be a stunning and hypocritical breach of trust given that the Trump Administration ... is trying to take away health care from millions of Americans and is proposing to slash funding at HHS,” he wrote.   As a U.S. lawmaker in 2009, Price chastised “the fiscal irresponsibility” of government private plane use in an appearance on CNBC that he also posted on Twitter at the time. Questions over Price’s charter flights come as another top U.S. official, Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin, is facing scrutiny over his use of a government plane to fly to Kentucky for a visit to Louisville and Fort Knox. Mnuchin and his wife viewed the solar eclipse during the trip, which was to an area of the country that experienced the full eclipse. [nL2N1LI0YD] ",1
1610,U.S. officials to hold Friday briefing on 'enhanced global security',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Officials from the Department of Homeland Security, White House, State Department and Justice Department will hold a briefing on Friday afternoon to discuss “enhanced global security measures,” the DHS said in a statement. Information from the briefing will be embargoed until 5 p.m. (2100 GMT), it said. The announcement of the briefing follows media reports that President Donald Trump is planning to replace his soon-to-expire travel ban on people from six Muslim-majority countries with a new ban tailored on a country-by-country basis and affecting slightly more nations. ",1
1611,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (Sept 22) - North Korea, Ads on Facebook, Luther Strange","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - Rand Paul, or whoever votes against Hcare Bill, will forever (future political campaigns) be known as “the Republican who saved ObamaCare.” [0619 EDT] - Kim Jong Un of North Korea, who is obviously a madman who doesn’t mind starving or killing his people, will be tested like never before! [0628 EDT] - The Russia hoax continues, now it’s ads on Facebook. What about the totally biased and dishonest Media coverage in favor of Crooked Hillary? [0644 EDT] - The greatest influence over our election was the Fake News Media “screaming” for Crooked Hillary Clinton. Next, she was a bad candidate! [0726 EDT] - Will be in Alabama tonight. Luther Strange has gained mightily since my endorsement, but will be very close. He loves Alabama, and so do I! [0739 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
1612,State funding changes in spotlight in Republican healthcare bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican leaders sought to nail down the final votes needed to pass what U.S. Vice President Mike Pence on Thursday called their “last best chance” to repeal Obamacare while a new analysis underscored how Democratic-leaning states stand to lose large amounts of federal funding under the legislation. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell plans to bring the bill introduced by fellow Republican Senators Lindsey Graham and Bill Cassidy to a vote next week, as his party seeks to make good on seven years of promises to erase Democratic former President Barack Obama’s signature legislative achievement. With no Democratic support for the bill, Republicans remain a handful of votes short in the Senate, needing 50 votes in a 100-seat chamber they control 52-48, with Pence casting a potential tie-breaking vote. Senator Rand Paul opposes it and at least six others are undecided: John McCain, Susan Collins, Lisa Murkowski, Dan Sullivan, Rob Portman and Jerry Moran. Asked whether the legislation will pass, Pence said, “We’ll see. We’re close.” Republicans, still reeling from their failure in July to win Senate passage of previous legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare, have set a Sept. 30 deadline for passage of this bill. “This may well be our last best chance to stop and turn around and head America back in the direction of the kind of healthcare reform that’s based on individual-choice, state-based innovations,” Pence told Fox New Channel. President Donald Trump has been pushing Congress to repeal and replace Obamacare, which would fulfill one of his top campaign promises from last year. The current bill would take money that the federal government now spends on healthcare through the Medicaid insurance program for the poor and subsidies to help Americans buy private insurance and distribute it to the states in block grants. The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office has not yet assessed the bill’s effects but independent analyses indicate it would fundamentally redistribute federal healthcare money, generally with Republican-leaning states benefiting and Democratic-leaning states losing. The nonprofit Kaiser Family Foundation, a healthcare research group, estimated on Thursday that states that expanded Medicaid under Obamacare would lose $180 billion under the bill from 2020 to 2026, while non-expansion states would gain $73 billion in the same time period. The Graham-Cassidy bill in 2020 would end the Obamacare Medicaid expansion, which many Democratic-governed states had carried out while many Republican-governed states did not, and limit overall federal spending on the five-decade-old program regardless of how many Americans qualify for its benefits. Republicans have called Obamacare, formally known as the Affordable Care Act, a federal overreach, and say block grants would give states discretion on how to provide healthcare coverage. According to the Kaiser Family Foundation analysis, five states would stand to lose more than 30 percent of their federal healthcare money from 2020-2026: New York (down 35 percent), Oregon (down 32 percent), Connecticut (down 31 percent), Vermont (down 31 percent) and Minnesota (down 30 percent). All are Democratic leaning. The analysis found that six Republican-leaning states would get at least 40 percent more in federal funds: Mississippi (up 148 percent), Texas (up 75 percent), Kansas (up 61 percent), Georgia (up 46 percent), South Dakota (up 45 percent) and Tennessee (up 44 percent). In total dollars, the state with the largest forecast loss of funds is California, losing $56 billion. The biggest gainer would be Texas, with a $34 billion increase. California, the most populous U.S. state, is Democratic leaning. Texas is the second most populous state and the largest Republican-leaning one. “It’s absolutely true to say the Graham-Cassidy bill over time levels out on a per-person basis the way we distribute money on healthcare, which I think resonates with most Americans,” Pence said. McCain, Collins and Murkowski were the three Republicans who voted against the last Republican healthcare legislation brought up in the Senate, which failed 51-49 in July. Paul, who voted in favor of that bill after previously expressing misgivings, on Thursday went to Twitter to underscore his criticism that the Graham-Cassidy bill does not go far enough to erase Obamacare. The insurance industry, hospitals, medical advocacy groups such as the American Medical Association, American Heart Association and American Cancer Society, the AARP advocacy group for the elderly and consumer activists have come out against the bill, urging a bipartisan fix to the current law that was abandoned this week. More medical and civil rights advocacy groups lined up against the Graham-Cassidy bill on Thursday, including the American Psychological Association, the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and the NAACP.  The Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, a liberal think tank, estimated that the bill would cause more than 30 million people to lose insurance. The Graham-Cassidy proposal would let states opt out of the requirement that insurers charge sick and healthy people the same rates, causing a furor among advocacy groups that say it could make health insurance unaffordable for those with pre-existing conditions. ",1
1613,Republican Senator Collins 'leaning against' new healthcare bill: AP,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Senator Susan Collins has said she is “leaning against” the latest Republican healthcare bill, the Associated Press reported on Friday.  The Maine senator indicated she had major concerns with the proposal, AP said in a note on Twitter. ",1
1614,Ex-Republican presidential candidate Bob Dole hospitalized,"(Reuters) - Former Republican presidential candidate Bob Dole, 94, has been hospitalized since last week due to low blood pressure, his spokeswoman said on Friday.  The former Senate majority leader was admitted to the Walter Reed National Medical Center in Bethesda, Maryland, on Sept. 13, said his spokeswoman, Marion Watkins. “After a routine check-up it was determined that he had low blood pressure which they’re correcting with medication,” Watkins said. “Right now they hope to release him within a matter of days.”  Watkins added that medical staff were hopeful for his recovery and that Dole, who is a special counsel at the Alston & Bird law firm in Washington, appreciated all the warm wishes he had received.  “Thank you all for your prayers and well wishes,” Dole said on Twitter early on Friday, responding to a tweet from his wife Elizabeth Dole’s foundation. “I hope to be home sipping a cosmo in a few days.”  His wife had tweeted from the Dole Foundation account saying she was “sorry to miss #InvictusGames2017,” a sports event that begins on Saturday in Toronto for wounded, injured or sick armed services personnel and other veterans. Dole, a decorated World War Two combat veteran, was seriously injured during the war. “I’m with my husband, @SenatorDole, at the hospital. Please pray for his speedy recovery,” she wrote online.  After serving in the Kansas legislature, Dole was elected to the U.S House of Representatives in 1960 and then the Senate in 1968, where he was re-elected four times. Dole twice served as Senate Republican leader and earned a reputation as an effective legislator who was well liked among Democrats as well as Republicans for his ability to build coalitions. Dole was also part of four unsuccessful presidential campaigns. In 1976, he was President Gerald Ford’s vice presidential choice, but that ticket lost to Jimmy Carter and Walter Mondale.  Dole ran for president in 1980 but lost the Republican nomination to Ronald Reagan and eight years later Republicans chose George H.W. Bush over him. Dole won the Republican nomination in 1996 but was defeated by incumbent Democrat Bill Clinton. ",1
1615,What's a 'dotard' anyway? Kim's insult to Trump,"(Reuters) - North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has confused a lot of English-speakers - though this time not about what he intends with his nuclear program. Responding to U.S. President Donald Trump’s bellicose warning to Pyongyang in his first speech to the United Nations on Tuesday, Kim on Friday called Trump a “dotard” - at least in a translation by the state news agency KCNA. The obscure word is old - late Middle English, or around the 14th century - and means senile old person, someone in their dotage. Although Shakespeare and Tolkien used it, the word is barely heard these days and Kim’s statement caused a Twitter storm of questions to Merriam-Webster dictionary about its meaning, while searches on Google also increased. Merriam-Webster responded with a tweet, defining dotard as “a person in his or her dotage,” which is “a state or period of senile decay marked by decline of mental poise and alertness,” which quickly became the top trending post on Twitter on Friday, with more than 7,400 retweets and 13,000 likes. There were more than 100,000 mentions of the hashtag #dotard and 189,000 mentions of the word on Twitter on Friday, according to international social media analytics firm Talkwalker. On Google’s Ngram Viewer, which tracks the popularity of words over time, “dotard” was a word that peaked in the 18th century. Many social media users also took to Twitter to deliver their best jokes. “By making people look up the word #dotard, Kim Jong Un has done more for American education than Betsy DeVos,” wrote one user, @TurmUp_TheTweet. DeVos is the U.S. Secretary of Education. Other Twitter influencers did not find the insult amusing.  “This hashtag is a disgrace: #DotardTrump,” tweeted LoConservative founder Kassy Dillon. “Whether you like him or not, Trump is your president & Kim Jong Un is a dictator & a murderer.”  And novelist Elnathan John said: “Am I the only one who doesn’t find this Trump-Jong Un war dance funny? Why are we all giggling at these two men who CAN destroy us? #dotard.” ",1
1616,"Trump, South Korea's Moon agree to boost defenses: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and South Korean President Moon Jae-in agreed to strengthen their defense posture amid rising tensions with North Korea, the White House said on Friday. Trump and Moon, who met on Thursday, committed to strengthen their “combined defense posture, including through South Korea’s acquisition and development of highly advanced military assets” and “agreed to the enhanced deployment of U.S. strategic assets in and around South Korea on a rotational basis,” the White House said in a statement. ",1
1617,"A North Korea nuclear test over the Pacific? Logical, terrifying","SEOUL/TOKYO (Reuters) - Detonating a nuclear-tipped missile over the Pacific Ocean would be a logical final step by North Korea to prove the success of its weapons program but would be extremely provocative and carry huge risks, arms control experts said on Friday. North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho suggested leader Kim Jong Un was considering testing “an unprecedented scale hydrogen bomb” over the Pacific in response to U.S. President Donald Trump’s threat at the United Nations to “totally destroy” the country. “It may mean North Korea will fire a warhead-tipped (intermediate range) Hwasong-12 or Hwasong-14 intercontinental ballistic missile and blow it up a few hundred kilometers above the Pacific Ocean,” said Yang Uk, a senior researcher at the Korea Defence and Security Forum in Seoul.  “They may be bluffing, but there is a need for them to test their combined missile-bomb capability. They could have already prepared the plan and are now trying to use Trump’s remarks as an excuse to make it happen,” said Yang. Such an atmospheric test would be the first globally since China detonated a device in 1980, according to the International  Atomic Energy Agency.  Tests of nuclear-tipped ballistic missiles are rarer still. The United States’ only test of an operational ballistic missile with a live warhead was fired from submarine far out in the Pacific Ocean in 1962. China was widely condemned for a similar test with a missile that exploded over its Lop Nur test site in the country’s west in 1966. North Korea’s six nuclear tests to date have all been underground, the most recent earlier this month by far its largest. “We have to assume they *could* do it, but it is exceedingly provocative,” said Vipin Narang, an associate professor of political science at  Massachusetts Institute of Technology.  “To put a live nuclear warhead on a missile that’s only been tested a handful of times, overflying potentially populated centers. If it...doesn’t go exactly as planned....it could be a world changing event.”  North Korea has fired two ballistic missiles over Japan’s north Hokkaido region in the past month as part of a series of tests that experts say have illustrated unexpectedly rapid advances. “They said Pacific Ocean, which pretty much means firing a missile over Japan,” said Melissa Hanham, a senior research associate at the U.S.-based Middlebury Institute of International Studies at Monterey, California. “They want to shut us all up for doubting they could build it.” While a missile would be the most ideal means of delivery, it is also possible to put a bomb on a ship and detonate on the surface of the ocean or in the sea, the experts said.  Either way, the radioactive fallout could be significant, as well as the diplomatic backlash from around the world. North Korea’s recent missile launches over Japan especially drew stern rebukes from Tokyo and the international community.  Japan’s Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga called Pyongyang’s remarks and behavior “completely unacceptable”. Narang said a test high enough over the ocean would limit the radioactive fallout but risks included damage from an electro-magnetic pulse, something Pyongyang has hinted it might employ on an attack on the United States or its allies.  “If it doesn’t go exactly as planned and the detonation occurs at a lower altitude we could see some EMP-like effects for anything in the area. A lot of dead fish too.” Pyongyang has launched dozens of missiles this year as it spurs a program aimed at mastering a nuclear-tipped missile that can strike the United States, in addition to its Sept 3 nuclear test.  If Kim’s threat materializes, it will be a “tipping point” for China, and may prompt many other countries to demand an “end to the regime,” said David Albright, founder of the non-profit Institute for Science and International Security in Washington.  “No one has tested above ground for decades and the radioactive fallout could be terrifying to many,” Albright said.     Other experts said such an atmospheric nuclear test is unlikely for now due to its substantial technical and diplomatic risks.  Joshua Pollack, editor of the Washington-based Nonproliferation Review, said it would be an “end-to-end demo of everything.” “But I would be surprised if this were their very next move. They have yet to test an ICBM at full range into the Pacific,” said Pollack. “That will probably come first.” ",1
1618,"U.S. takes North Korea threat of H-bomb test seriously, Trump official says","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - It would be a “game-changer” if North Korea conducts a hydrogen bomb test over the Pacific and the United States is taking the threat seriously, but it does not give “too much credence” to Pyongyang taking such action, a senior U.S. official said on Friday. “There’s a certain amount of bluster that’s taken for granted when you’re dealing with North Korea,” the Trump administration official told Reuters. The official added, however, that “we have to some extent take it seriously.” The official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said there were questions whether North Korea had the capabilities to conduct such a test but declined to specify how the United States would respond. “It would be a game-changer in some sense,” the official said. “But I don’t think we should give too much credence to it at the moment.” ",1
1619,U.S. Commerce chief says expanded North Korean sanctions show China's waning support: CNBC,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Expanded negotiations against North Korea announced on Thursday would “be very” good if they succeed in cutting off imported goods, and showed lessening support from China toward Pyongyang, U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told CNBC in an interview on Friday. “I think that move by the Chinese central bank was important... From the physical point of view of limiting the trade ... But even more importantly, it sent a very powerful message to North Korea that China is not being as supportive of them as it had been,” said Ross, who is scheduled to visit Beijing this weekend. ",1
1620,Tillerson stresses diplomacy on North Korea amid threats: ABC,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Friday acknowledged that escalating tensions with North Korea were challenging but said diplomatic efforts will continue amid harsh rhetoric and threats of military confrontation. “We are quite challenged but our diplomatic efforts continue unabated,” Tillerson said in an interview with ABC. “We have put in place the strongest economic sanctions ever to have been assembled against (North Korean leader) Kim Jong Un.” “So he is being tested with the sanctions, voices from every corner of the world.” ",1
1621,Trump says North Korea's Kim 'will be tested like never before',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - North Korea’s Kim Jong Un “will be tested like never before,” U.S. President Donald Trump said on Friday as the two leaders continued to trade insults and Pyongyang threatened to test a hydrogen bomb over the Pacific Ocean. “Kim Jong Un of North Korea, who is obviously a madman who doesn’t mind starving or killing his people, will be tested like never before,” Trump tweeted, one day after announcing additional sanctions on Pyongyang. ",1
1622,Kremlin 'deeply concerned' by rising tension on Korean peninsula,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Moscow is deeply concerned by the escalation of tension on the Korean peninsula caused by the continued war of words between the United States and North Korea, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Friday. “Moscow is convinced that there is no alternative to a political and diplomatic settlement of the North Korean problem,” he told a conference call with reporters.  He said the situation was being further aggravated by “the swapping of silly statements full of threats”. The Kremlin was reacting to U.S. President Donald Trump’s statement in which he vowed to destroy North Korea, leading the reclusive nation to declare that it might test a hydrogen bomb over the Pacific Ocean. ",1
1623,Kremlin: Russia did not use Facebook adverts to sway U.S. election,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia did not place adverts on Facebook Inc to try to influence the 2016 U.S. Presidential election, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Friday. U.S. lawmakers have urged the Federal Election Commission to require transparency for social media advertising after Russian entities purchased political adverts during and after the 2016 election. “We do not know ... how to place an advert on Facebook. We have never done this, and the Russian side has never been involved in it,” Peskov told a conference call with reporters. ",1
1624,U.S. Navy carrier drills with Japanese navy amid North Korean tension,"TOKYO (Reuters) - The U.S. Navy carrier Ronald Reagan is conducting drills with Japanese warships in seas south of the Korean peninsula, Japan’s military said on Friday, in a show of naval power as Pyongyang threatens further nuclear and missile tests. The Reagan strike group will conduct a separate drill with the South Korean Navy in October, the defense ministry said in a statement distributed to South Korean lawmakers on Monday.  The 100,000-ton Reagan, which is based in Japan, and its escort ships have been holding drills with Japanese navy vessels since Sept 11 in waters south and west of Japan’s main islands, the Japan Maritime Self Defence Force said in a statement.  That exercise with the three Japanese warships, including two destroyers and one of the country’s two biggest helicopter carriers, the Ise, will run until Sept 28, it added.  The U.S. and regional allies are responding with military drills, including bomber and jet fighter flights near the Korean peninsula, as Pyongyang pursues its nuclear and missile programs, with an apparent hydrogen bomb test and two ballistic missile firings over Japan in recent weeks.  North Korea on Friday said it might test a hydrogen bomb over the Pacific Ocean after U.S. President Donald Trump vowed to destroy the country. ",1
1625,China urges North Korea to stop persisting on a dangerous course,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China’s Foreign Minister Wang Yi urged North Korea to stop persisting on a dangerous course and called on the United States to stick to promises of non-aggression towards Pyongyang, according to a statement release by the ministry on Friday. “No matter the changes in circumstance, no matter how long it takes, not matter the difficulties we face, China will always persist in the goal of denuclearizing the peninsula, in moving towards talks,” Wang said, speaking at the U.N. General Assembly on Thursday. ",1
1626,China calls for restraint when asked about North Korea hydrogen bomb threat,BEIJING (Reuters) - China called on all parties on Friday to exercise restraint after North Korea’s foreign minister was quoted as saying he believes the North could consider conducting a hydrogen bomb test in the Pacific Ocean.  Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang also told a daily news briefing in Beijing that China opposes unilateral sanctions outside the United Nations framework. His comments came after U.S. President Donald Trump ordered new sanctions against North Korea on Thursday over its nuclear and missile programs. ,1
1627,France to skip 2018 Winter Games if security not assured,"PARIS/SEOUL (Reuters) - France’s Winter Olympics team will not travel to the 2018 Games in South Korea if its security cannot be guaranteed, France’s sports minister said on Thursday, the first major doubts by a participating nation about growing North Korean tensions. The games organizer said on Friday that it is closely monitoring the current geopolitical situation with the South Korean government, adding that safety is the top priority. Tensions in the region have escalated since North Korea conducted its sixth and largest nuclear test on Sept. 3, prompting global condemnation. North Korea’s leader Kim Jong Un said on Friday the North will consider the “highest level of hard-line countermeasure in history” against the United States in response to U.S. President Donald Trump’s threat to destroy the North. France’s Sports Minister Laura Flessel told RTL radio that if the crisis deepened and “our security cannot be assured, the French Olympics team will stay at home.”  But she added: “We’re not there yet.” Participants in the Games - the first Winter Olympics hosted by an Asian nation outside Japan - had not previously raised safety concerns publicly. The games are scheduled for Feb 9-25 next year in Pyeongchang, just 80 km (50 miles) from the demilitarized zone between North and South Korea, the world’s most heavily armed border. The two countries remain technically at war after their 1950-53 conflict ended with a truce and not a peace treaty. “Safety and security is one of the most important aspects of Games preparations,” Sung Baik-you, a spokesman for the organizing committee, said in a statement to Reuters on Friday. South Korea’s President Moon Jae-in said on Wednesday the country is pushing to ensure security at the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics. In a meeting with International Olympic Committee (IOC) President Thomas Bach, Moon said South Korea is well aware of the concerns. The Japanese Olympic Committee said on Friday it is not considering the cancellation of its plans. “We will continue to prepare in the same way as with other international competitions that we take part in,” a spokeswoman for the committee said. The United States Olympic Committee (USOC) said it was working with all the relevant authorities to ensure its athletes would be safe. “Each host city presents a unique challenge from a security perspective, and, as is always the case, we are working with the organizers, the U.S. State Department and the relevant law enforcement agencies to ensure that our athletes, and our entire delegation, are safe,” USOC spokesman Patrick Sandusky said. The Chinese Olympic Committee said it had no immediate comment. The Canadian Olympic Committee (COC), which has representatives in South Korea, said the safety of its team was always its main priority. “The safety of our entire Canadian Olympic Team is always our main priority, no matter where the Games are held,” the COC said in a statement emailed to Reuters. “The Government of Canada does not currently have travel advisories in place for South Korea and recommends that Canadians exercise normal security precautions, which is the lowest of four risk levels.” Australia, one of Asia’s largest participants at recent Winter Games, is monitoring the situation. “The safety of our team is of the highest priority but we are comfortable with the priority that the (International Olympic Committee) and the Org Comm are placing on security and safety of the Games and its participants,” the Australian Olympic Committee said in a statement emailed to Reuters. “We are relying on advice from DFAT (Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade) and working with the Korean Ambassador and if their advice changes, we will advise our team accordingly but for the moment there is no suggestion that the Games will not go ahead or their safety is compromised.” The chief of the International Ski Federation, Gian-Franco Kasper, dismissed any fears among athletes, saying the Pyeongchang Olympics would be the “safest in the world”. He conceded, however, that ticket sales among overseas visitors could be affected. The IOC has said it is not contemplating any ‘Plan B’ for the Games.  IOC President Thomas Bach said last week that considering any scenario other than holding the Olympics in South Korea could hamper diplomatic efforts. ",1
1628,Senate race in Alabama exposes Republican rift,"(Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump is due to travel to Alabama on Friday to whip up votes in a Senate race that has laid bare the rift between the Republican party’s leadership and its anti-establishment wing. In a move that surprised political analysts, Trump will appear alongside the party-approved incumbent rather than the controversial insurgent. The president’s decision to campaign for Senator Luther Strange ahead of Tuesday’s primary runoff election came despite Trump’s strained relationship with Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, one of Strange’s strongest supporters.  In last month’s initial round of voting, Strange finished second to former Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore, whose “drain the swamp” credentials have been burnished by high-profile endorsements, including that of former White House strategist Steve Bannon. “I think that if you were to approach this without any prior knowledge ... Judge Moore would be the more logical ‘Trumpian’ candidate,” said Steven Taylor, a political science professor at Troy University in Alabama. The winner on Tuesday will be running in December against Democratic candidate Doug Jones in the Republican-dominated state. Neither Republican campaign responded to requests for comment. Moore, 70, is a religious conservative who twice lost his position as the state’s top judge. He was ousted in 2003 after he refused a federal court order to remove a Ten Commandments monument from the state Supreme Court building. After winning back the seat in 2013, he directed state judges to ignore the U.S. Supreme Court’s ruling legalizing same-sex marriage, was suspended and then resigned. Moore has vowed to support Trump’s agenda and has blamed McConnell for the Senate’s lack of major legislative victories. A Moore campaign video released last week showed a photo of McConnell beside the words “Washington insiders” as Moore’s wife warned he would not “bend his knee.” Strange, 64, was appointed to fill the Senate seat left vacant when Jeff Sessions became U.S. attorney general. Known as “Big Luther” due to his 6-foot-9-inch stature, he has been backed by nearly $9 million of advertising from a McConnell-allied political action committee. “I am supporting ‘Big’ Luther Strange because he was so loyal & helpful to me!” Trump tweeted on Wednesday. Strange served as state attorney general under former Governor Robert Bentley, who resigned in April. Moore has endured his share of controversy, including negative press this week after he mentioned “reds” and “yellows” in an apparent reference to American Indians and Asians.  In a recent advertisement, Strange questioned Moore’s commitment to Trump’s planned wall at the Mexican border. “Roy Moore: wrong on President Trump, wrong on the wall, wrong for Alabama,” the ad’s narrator says.     The two candidates are scheduled to square off at their only debate on Thursday. With turnout expected to be low for Tuesday’s runoff, Troy University’s Taylor said both campaigns have reason to believe they hold an edge. “Moore’s advantage is that he does appeal to the true-believing base,” Taylor said. “In terms of which of the campaigns is going to be more adept at the ground game, I would think Strange has an advantage.” ",1
1629,Japan calls North Korea's behavior 'absolutely unacceptable',"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan’s Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said on Friday that North Korea’s remarks and behavior were “absolutely unacceptable” and provocative to regional and international security. Suga was speaking after North Korean leader Kim Jong Un vowed to make U.S. President Donald Trump pay dearly for threatening to destroy his country, and after North Korea’s foreign minister was quoted as saying he believes the North could consider a hydrogen bomb test in the Pacific Ocean. Japanese Defence Minister Itsunori Onodera said the comment by North Korean foreign minister Ri Yong Ho was utterly unacceptable. ",1
1630,White House seen easing limits on drone strikes: NY Times,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration is preparing to relax Obama-era rules on drone strikes and commando raids, paving the way for more frequent operations against Islamic State and other militant groups, the New York Times reported on Thursday, citing officials familiar with the internal deliberations. President Donald Trump’s advisers have proposed relaxing a rule that generally limits drone strikes and raids to high-level militants deemed to pose a “continuing and imminent threat” to Americans, the Times said. The rule would be expanded to include foot-soldiers, it said. The advisers also want to eliminate a rule that drone strikes and raids by the military and the Central Intelligence Agency undergo high-level vetting, according to the Times. Officials have agreed they should keep in place a requirement of “near certainty” that no civilian bystanders will be killed, the newspaper said. A Cabinet-level committee approved the proposed rules on Sept. 14 and sent them to Trump for his expected signature, the Times said. The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment from Reuters. Former President Barack Obama established the rules in 2013 on operations by the military or the CIA outside of war zones like Afghanistan, Iraq and Syria. ",1
1631,Senator asks FBI if it warned Trump campaign about Russian meddling,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The head of the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee has asked the FBI whether it warned Donald Trump’s presidential campaign about alleged attempts by Russia to infiltrate the campaign. Republican Senator Chuck Grassley’s office said on Thursday he wrote to Federal Bureau of Investigation Director Christopher Wray asking whether the agency provided “defensive briefings” to Trump’s team given its ongoing investigation of Paul Manafort, Trump’s campaign manager. “If the FBI did provide a defensive briefing or similar warning to the campaign, then that would raise important questions about how the Trump campaign responded,” Grassley wrote in the letter dated Sept. 20. If the FBI did not alert the campaign, Grassley said, that would raise “serious questions about what factors contributed to its decision and why it appears to have been handled differently in a very similar circumstance involving a previous campaign.” The senator said that according to press reports, U.S. intelligence had raised similar concerns with John McCain during the Republican senator’s 2008 presidential campaign. Grassley, however, did not ask the FBI about the possibility that it had offered Trump or campaign officials such a briefing but the offer was declined.     After the 2016 election, two U.S. intelligence officers flew to New York to brief President-elect Trump on Russia, only to find when they arrived at Trump Tower that the briefing had been canceled, two senior U.S. officials said, speaking on the condition of anonymity. Manafort became Trump’s campaign manager in June 2016 but was forced to resign two months later amid reports of his business relationship with the Kremlin-backed former Ukrainian leader, Viktor Yanukovich. Trump denies his campaign colluded with Russia and dismisses investigations into allegations of Russian interference in the election as witch hunts. Russia denies meddling in the U.S. election. ",1
1632,North Korea official says North may consider hydrogen bomb on Pacific Ocean: Yonhap,"SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho said on Friday he believes the North could consider a hydrogen bomb test on the Pacific Ocean of an unprecedented scale, South Korea’s Yonhap news agency reported. Ri was speaking to reporters in New York when he was asked what North Korean leader Kim Jong Un had meant when he threatened in an earlier statement the “highest level of hard-line countermeasure in history” against the United States. North Korea could consider a hydrogen bomb test, Ri said, although he did not know Kim’s exact thoughts, Yonhap reported. ",1
1633,North Korea's Kim says will make 'deranged' Trump pay dearly for U.N. speech,"SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea’s leader Kim Jong Un said on Friday the North will consider the “highest level of hard-line countermeasure in history” against the United States in response to U.S. President Donald Trump’s threat to destroy the North. Calling Trump “mentally deranged” and his comments “the most ferocious declaration of a war in history,” Kim said his U.N. speech on Tuesday confirmed Pyongyang’s nuclear program has been “the correct path”. “His remarks ... have convinced me, rather than frightening or stopping me, that the path I chose is correct and that it is the one I have to follow to the last,” Kim said in the statement carried by the North’s official KCNA news agency, promising to make Trump “pay dearly for his speech”. Trump had warned the North Korean leader in his U.N. address on Tuesday that the United States, if threatened, would “totally destroy” the country of 26 million people and mocked Kim as a “rocket man” on a suicide mission. It was the U.S. president’s most direct reference to military action so far against the North, which conducted its sixth and largest nuclear test on Sept. 3. In addition to the nuclear test, North Korea has launched dozens of missiles since Kim came to power in 2011. Two recent ballistic missiles flew over Japan as Pyongyang advanced toward its goal of creating nuclear warhead-tipped missiles that can hit the United States.     Kim said Trump would face “results beyond his expectation,” without specifying what action North Korea would take next. “I will surely and definitely tame the mentally deranged U.S. dotard with fire,” Kim said in the rare direct statement, referring to Trump. He offered more vitriol for Trump, saying he was “unfit to hold the prerogative of supreme command of a country, and he is surely a rogue and a gangster fond of playing with fire, rather than a politician.” A day after Trump’s address, North Korea’s Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho had likened Trump to a “barking dog,” saying his comments were no threat to the North. Kim took a page out of Ri’s book on Friday, saying “a frightened dog barks louder”. “Now that Trump has denied the existence of and insulted me and my country in front of the eyes of the world.., we will consider with seriousness exercising of a corresponding, highest level of hard-line countermeasure in history,” Kim said. ",1
1634,Nuclear weapons will not bring security for North Korea: Tillerson,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The pursuit of nuclear weapons will not bring security for North Korea’s government and China’s assistance is vital to bringing Pyongyang’s atomic and missile programs under control, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Thursday. “North Korea may assume that nuclear weapons will ensure the survival of its regime. In truth, nuclear weapons are clearly only leading to greater isolation, ignominy and deprivation,” Tillerson said at the U.N. Security Council.  “If China truly desires to denuclearize the Korean peninsula to promote stability and to avoid conflict in that sensitive region right on its own border, now’s the time to work with the rest of us ... to put the kind of pressure on North Korea that can change its strategic calculations before it’s too late,” he added. ",1
1635,China urges North Korea not to go further in a 'dangerous direction',"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - China’s foreign minister on Thursday called on North Korea not to go further in a “dangerous direction” with its nuclear program and said negotiations were the only way out of the crisis over Pyongyang’s weapons development. Wang Yi also told the annual U.N. General Assembly China was committed to the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula and there should be no new nuclear weapons north or south of the border, or elsewhere in Northeast Asia. He urged the United States to honor its “four ‘no’ commitment,” an apparent reference to an Aug. 1 statement by U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, in which he said Washington did not seek the collapse or change of the North Korean government, accelerated reunification of the peninsula, or to send its military north of the border. “We urge the DPRK not to go further along a dangerous direction,” Wang said, referring to North Korea by the acronym of its official name, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. “And we call upon all parties to play a constructive role in easing tensions. There is still hope for peace and we must not give up. Negotiation is the only way out, which deserves every effort. Parties should meet each other half way, by addressing each other’s legitimate concerns.” Wang made no mention in his speech of U.S. President Donald Trump’s announcement of new sanctions on Thursday that open the door wider to blacklisting people and entities doing business with North Korea, including its shipping and trade networks. China, North Korea’s main trading partner, has backed successive rounds of United Nations sanctions over North Korean nuclear bomb tests, but has repeatedly said it is opposed to unilateral sanctions and especially “long-arm jurisdiction” over Chinese entities and individuals. ",1
1636,U.S. judge aims to quickly decide lawsuits over DACA,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A U.S. judge on Thursday said he wanted to decide quickly lawsuits challenging the Trump administration’s decision to end a program that shielded from deportation children brought to the United States illegally by their parents. President Donald Trump this month decided to rescind the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, or DACA, in March 2018. Since it was authorized in 2012 by President Barack Obama, the program has provided protection from deportation and the right to work legally to nearly 800,000 young people. Several states, organizations and individuals have filed lawsuits seeking to protect DACA recipients known as Dreamers.  At a hearing in San Francisco federal court, U.S. District Judge William Alsup grouped four of those cases together, including a lawsuit filed by California’s attorney general and six individual Dreamers. Legal briefs for many of the issues could be finished by December, he said. “I don’t like the idea that we’re fiddling while Rome burns and then suddenly the program is expired,” Alsup said. The legal claims in all of the cases are similar: That the Trump administration did not follow proper administrative procedure in rescinding DACA, and that making enforcement promises to a group of people, only to revoke them, violates due process. The Trump administration has said it is ending DACA because Obama overstepped his constitutional authority when he bypassed Congress and created the DACA program unilaterally. Trump called on Congress to enact a law to protect DACA recipients and last week angered some of his fellow Republicans by negotiating with top congressional Democratic leaders on possible legislation.  During the 2016 presidential election, Trump ran on a hardline immigration platform, promising to end DACA and strengthen border protections to increase jobs for U.S. workers. Dreamers with work permits that expire before March can apply to renew them for another two years if they do so before Oct. 5. The Department of Homeland Security might extend that date. In court on Thursday, Deputy Assistant Attorney General Brett Shumate said the government still had not made a decision on the deadline.  Shumate also said the Trump administration has not changed Obama-era restrictions about when a Dreamer’s personal information can be shared with other agencies for immigration enforcement purposes.",1
1637,Banks won't be allowed to do business with both U.S. and North Korea: Mnuchin,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Thursday that banks doing business in North Korea would not be allowed to also operate in the United States under a new sanctions order aimed at thwarting Pyongyang’s nuclear and missiles program. “No bank in any country should be used to facilitate Kim Jong Un’s destructive behavior,” Mnuchin told reporters, referring to North Korea’s leader. “Foreign financial institutions are now on notice that going forward they can choose to do business with the United States or with North Korea, but not both.” Mnuchin said any sanctions issued under the new executive order signed by U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday would be forward-looking and not target past behavior. ",1
1638,EU officials reach draft deal on more North Korea sanctions: sources,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - EU ambassadors have reached an initial agreement to impose more economic sanctions on North Korea, going beyond the latest round of UN measures, officials and diplomats said on Thursday.  “Today the PSC (EU member states’ ambassadors) agreed on a package of new autonomous measures,” an EU official said. An EU diplomat said around eight new North Korean officials were likely to be added to the EU sanctions list. The decision is likely to be adopted by EU foreign ministers at their next regular meeting on Oct. 16. ",1
1639,Trump says signs new order to widen sanctions against North Korea,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday he had signed an executive order that would allow the United States to ramp up sanctions on North Korean firms in an effort to dissuade Pyongyang from pursuing its nuclear missile program. “Our new executive order will cut off sources of revenue that fund North Korea’s efforts to develop the deadliest weapons known to humankind,” he told reporters ahead of a luncheon meeting with the leaders of Japan and South Korea. He said North Korea’s textiles, fishing, information technology, and manufacturing industries were among those the United States could target. ",1
1640,U.S. 'making a lot of progress' on North Korea issue: Trump,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Thursday the United States was making progress on the North Korean issue, ahead of an expected sanctions announcement by Washington over Pyongyang’s ballistic and nuclear weapons program. “I think we’re making a lot of progress in a lot of ways,” Trump said before going into a meeting with South Korean President Moon Jae-in on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly. ",1
1641,Trump says will be putting more sanctions on North Korea,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Thursday the United States would be adding more sanctions on North Korea. Tensions have escalated in recent weeks over Pyongyang’s missile and nuclear weapons program, despite intense pressure from world powers. “We will be putting more sanctions on North Korea,” Trump said in response to a question at a meeting with Afghan president Ashraf Ghani. On Afghanistan, Trump said the U.S. military was doing more leading than fighting. ",1
1642,Republicans plan healthcare vote; Obama and TV host denounce bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senate Republicans announced plans to vote next week on their latest bid to scuttle Obamacare even as a popular comedian who has become part of the U.S. healthcare debate denounced the bill and former President Barack Obama on Wednesday warned of “real human suffering.” President Donald Trump, who has expressed frustration at the Senate’s failure thus far to pass legislation dismantling Obama’s signature legislative achievement, said “47 or 48” Republicans back the bill, which needs 50 votes for passage in the 100-seat Senate, which his Republican Party controls 52-48.  “We think this has a very good chance,” Trump, who made replacing Obamacare a top 2016 campaign promise, told reporters during an appearance with Egypt’s president in New York. Kentucky Senator Rand Paul opposes the bill. At least five other Republicans are undecided on it: Susan Collins of Maine, Lisa Murkowski and Dan Sullivan of Alaska, John McCain of Arizona and Jerry Moran of Kansas. Republican Senator John Thune on Fox News said: “We’re a handful of votes short of having the 50 that we need.” As they worked to gather enough votes to win, after prior legislation failed in July, congressional Republicans and the White House were on the defensive after Jimmy Kimmel used his late-night TV show to blast the proposal and call Republican Senator Bill Cassidy, one of its two sponsors, a liar. “This guy, Bill Cassidy, just lied right to my face,” Kimmel said on his show on Tuesday night, referring to the senator who since May had touted a “Jimmy Kimmel test” of standards any Obamacare replacement would need to possess. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, who was noncommittal on Tuesday about scheduling a vote, now intends to bring it to the Senate floor next week, said his spokesman David Popp. Republicans are using the measure Cassidy is sponsoring with fellow Senator Lindsey Graham to make one last push this year to pass legislation to roll back the 2010 Obamacare law, a goal of theirs for seven years, facing a Sept. 30 deadline. Avalere Health, a healthcare consultancy to hospitals and insurers, forecast that the bill would slash federal funding to states by $215 billion through 2026, with 34 states facing cuts. Hit hard would be Democratic-governed California and New York, which expanded the Medicaid insurance program for the poor and disabled under Obamacare, while Republican-governed Texas, which did not expand Medicaid, would be a winner, Avalere said. It remained unclear if the bill, opposed by Democrats and top medical groups and hospitals, can attract the 50 votes needed for passage, with Vice President Mike Pence ready to cast a tie-breaking vote. In a speech in New York, Obama defended the Affordable Care Act, known informally as Obamacare, which expanded medical insurance to 20 million Americans. “So when I see people trying to undo that hard-won progress for the 50th or 60th time, with bills that would raise costs or reduce coverage or roll back protections for older Americans or people with pre-existing conditions ... it is aggravating,” the Democratic former president said. “And it’s certainly frustrating to have to mobilize every couple of months to keep our leaders from inflicting real human suffering on our constituents.” Cassidy defended his bill, which would divvy up healthcare money as block grants to states, let them opt out of some Obamacare consumer protections and waive requirements that insurers cover certain benefits. It also would end Obamacare’s Medicaid expansion. Kimmel entered the healthcare debate after revealing on his show in May that his newborn son had undergone life-saving emergency surgery for a congenital heart condition, and pleaded that no family be denied medical care because they cannot afford it. Cassidy appeared that month on “Jimmy Kimmel Live!” “He said he would only support a healthcare bill that made sure a child like mine would get the health coverage he needs no matter how much money his parents make,” Kimmel said on Tuesday. “Stop using my name, OK? Because I don’t want my name on it. There’s a new ‘Jimmy Kimmel test’ for you. It’s called the lie detector test. You’re welcome to stop by the studio and take it any time,” he said to cheers from his audience. Cassidy, a gastroenterologist who represents Louisiana, gave a measured response to Kimmel’s remarks, telling reporters on Capitol Hill, “It was a personal attack and I can’t help that.”  Graham blasted the comedian. “I bet he looked at some liberal talking point, bought it hook, line and sinker, and went after Bill Cassidy without talking to him. And I think that’s unfair,” Graham said on Fox News Channel’s “Fox & Friends” show.  Cassidy said his proposal would protect people who are already ill, although it does let states waive an Obamacare mandate that insurers cannot charge people who have pre-existing medical conditions more than those who are healthy. “There is a specific provision that says that if a state applies for a waiver, it must ensure that those with pre-existing conditions have affordable and adequate coverage,” Cassidy told CNN. Trump, in a tweet late on Wednesday, said he would not sign the bill if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions. “It does! A great bill,” Trump said. ",1
1643,Australian women go pro on back of investment boom,"MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Lisa De Vanna once had to wash her sports bras in the sinks of cheap hotels to save money but the footballer is now relishing the good times as a surge of investment transforms women’s professional sport in Australia.  Over the last few months, De Vanna and her team mates in the ‘Matildas’ national soccer team have become the toast of the nation, playing to bumper home crowds even as their male counterparts struggle to qualify for the World Cup. The 2-1 defeat of Brazil in Sydney last Saturday drew some 15,000 fans, more than one of the weekend’s playoff matches in the hugely popular men’s Australian Football League and a rugby union international between Australia and Argentina. Another victory over the Brazilians on Tuesday attracted an even bigger crowd and, on Wednesday, Victoria sports minister John Eren proudly trumpeted that the state would host two Matildas friendlies against China in November. The recent success of the Matildas has played its part in the explosion of interest but it also echoes the development of women’s professional leagues in cricket and Australian Rules football, the popular indigenous sport. The large swell of support for a once-neglected outfit has been surreal for De Vanna, who after playing the 2007 World Cup had to return to her job as a petrol station attendant. Until quite recently, conditions were still “crap” for the country’s top women players, the plainspoken De Vanna told Reuters, using a more profane term to describe her early playing days. “I came in when they just had the (professional) contracts,” the prolific 32-year-old striker said in an interview. “I was still wearing boy’s clothes, still washing my undies and bras in the sink. We didn’t have internet, we were staying in budget hotels. “It was really tough back then but what we had was the love for the game and that hasn’t changed. “What’s changed is that we’ve got the proper support to be better athletes and it took a very long time for it to happen. But you’ve seen the outcome.” Basic salaries for women footballers in the domestic W-League remain modest, even if they are expected to double to A$15,500 ($12,300) next season. Top internationals, however, can expect to earn a respectable A$130,000 a year, giving young girls hope of carving out a full-time professional career — aspirations that were until recently only the province of talented boys. Cricket is another sport with growing opportunities for women.        Under the terms of a new collective bargaining agreement, the average pay of international cricketers will more than double to A$180,000 in the 2017/18 season, according to figures from governing body Cricket Australia (CA). State players, on average, can expect A$55,000 and will be able to top that up by playing in the third season of the women’s Big Bash Twenty20 league. Underlining confidence in the women’s game, tickets for this year’s women’s Ashes cricket series against England will be sold for the first time rather than given away for free. CA has made significant investment in women’s sport and chief executive James Sutherland is “very confident” it will ultimately pay for itself. “I’m not under any illusions that success will come overnight,” Sutherland told Reuters. “That’s not the case. Beyond the economics of building demand and having the game pay for itself, either way, it’s still good economics to be investing into women’s cricket in the way that we do. “(It’s) increasing the profile of the game and creating a clear and obvious pathway for young females to pursue as they have so many choices.” Another pathway that has opened up only recently is in the women’s Australian Football League (AFLW), which proved a roaring success in its inaugural season this year. The AFL, the governing body of top flight Australian Rules football, had planned to launch the competition in 2020 but took the plunge after huge crowds turned out at exhibition games.   Debbie Lee, women’s football operations manager at the Melbourne Demons club and a key architect of the AFLW, had to pay to play her 300-odd games in the full-contact sport but women players can now earn up to A$40,000 a season. Free-to-air TV broadcasts of games have helped boost the tournament but its development is largely driven by a new wave of fans, Lee said. “There’s a whole swell of support from a new generation of young people who are asking, ‘Why shouldn’t women play football? Why shouldn’t have they have these opportunities, the same opportunities as men?’” New competition between the women’s sports is welcomed across the board by national federations, who see a chance to tap into new markets while fulfilling pledges to boost equal opportunity. But the rivalry may eventually get heated as the battle for talent heats up. Just like in the men’s sports, where rival codes fight bitterly to retain and lure marquee players, the movements of top women athletes are now covered closely in major newspapers. Former Matildas goalkeeper Brianna Davey played domestic soccer for Melbourne City last year but switched codes to play as a defender for Carlton in the AFLW. “It’s going to be really interesting,” said Lee. “Other sports will realize if they don’t have a good deal, they’ll lose their players.”  ",1
1644,Twitter to meet Congressional panel probing 2016 election,"(Reuters) - Twitter Inc representatives will meet with the U.S. Senate Select Committee on Intelligence staff next week in relation to inquiries into the 2016 U.S. presidential election, a company representative said. The committee, along with other congressional committees and special counsel Robert Mueller, is investigating possible links between President Donald Trump’s campaign and Russia. Twitter’s meeting with the committee comes amid mounting pressure on regulators and Silicon Valley companies to open up the opaque world of online political ads and to prevent governments from using them to sway elections or attempt other meddling. Facebook said earlier this month that a Russia-based operation spent $100,000 on thousands of ads on its social media platform promoting ‘divisive’ messages before and after last year’s presidential election. After Facebook’s revelations, Democrats have urged the Federal Election Commission to require transparency for social media advertising. Russia continues to deny meddling in the election, in which Republican Donald Trump defeated Democrat Hillary Clinton. ",1
1645,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (September 20) - Graham-Cassidy bill, Luther Strange, North Korea","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - Big meetings today at the United Nations. So many interesting leaders. America First will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  [0614 EDT] - After allowing North Korea to research and build Nukes while Secretary of State (Bill C also), Crooked Hillary now criticizes.  [0640 EDT] - Thank you  @foxandfriends - great show!  [0700 EDT] - Rand Paul is a friend of mine but he is such a negative force when it comes to fixing healthcare. Graham-Cassidy Bill is GREAT! Ends Ocare!  [0809 EDT] - I hope Republican Senators will vote for Graham-Cassidy and fulfill their promise to Repeal & Replace ObamaCare. Money direct to States!  [0816 EDT] - Looking forward to Friday night in the Great State of Alabama. I am supporting “Big” Luther Strange because he was so loyal & helpful to me!  [0829 EDT] - It was a great honor to be with King Abdullah II of Jordan and his delegation this morning. We had a GREAT bilateral meeting! [1123 EDT] - Honored to meet w/ Pres Abbas from the Palestinian Authority & his delegation, who have been working hard w/everybody involved toward peace. [1308 EDT] - Honored to host a luncheon for African leaders this afternoon. Great discussions on the challenges & opportunities facing our nations today. [1505 EDT] -On behalf of all Americans, I want to wish Jewish families many blessings in the New Year. 45.wh.gov/BNJys9 [1829 EDT] - Alabama is sooo lucky to have a candidate like “Big” Luther Strange. Smart, tough on crime, borders & trade, loves Vets & Military. Tuesday! [1842 EDT] - I would not sign Graham-Cassidy if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions. It does! A great Bill. Repeal & Replace. [1907 EDT] - The NRA strongly endorses Luther Strange for Senator of Alabama.That means all gun owners should vote for Big Luther. He won’t let you down! [2042 EDT]  - Senator (Doctor) Bill Cassidy is a class act who really cares about people and their Health(care), he doesn’t lie-just wants to help people! [2106 EDT]  - Governor @RicardoRossello-  We are with you and the people of Puerto Rico. Stay safe! #PRStrong [2313 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
1646,Democratic lawmakers seek probe of HHS secretary's use of private jets,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Several Democratic members of the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives asked on Wednesday for an investigation into a report that Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price used private jets to travel on government business.  Politico reported on Tuesday that Price took private jets on five occasions for official business, which cost tens of thousands of dollars more than commercial flights. Politico documented one chartered trip to Philadelphia from Washington that cost about $25,000. “American taxpayers deserve assurances that their tax dollars are not wasted by the government’s highest officials,” five lawmakers said in a letter to the HHS Office of the Inspector General, citing the Politico report. They asked for a review of Price’s “adherence to federal regulations and Department of Health and Human Services policies and procedures for travel.” The lawmakers included Frank Pallone Jr., the top-ranking Democrat on the House Energy and Commerce Committee, and Senator Patty Murray, the top-ranking Democrat on the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee. HHS said in a statement that the agency’s travel department “continues to check every possible source for travel needs including commercial, but commercial travel is not always feasible.” Last month, U.S. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin and his wife, actress Louise Linton, traveled on a government plane to Kentucky where they viewed the Aug. 21 solar eclipse with Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell and others. That trip prompted a federal watchdog this month to review the circumstances surrounding the travel. ",1
1647,"Investigators ask White House for details on FBI director firing, Flynn ouster: NYT","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The special counsel investigating Russian interference in the U.S. presidential election has asked the White House for documents on a range of subjects including President Donald Trump’s firing of the FBI director and his son’s meeting with a Russian lawyer, the New York Times reported on Wednesday. The Times reported that special counsel Robert Mueller’s office had sent the White House a document outlining 13 areas of interest about which investigators were seeking additional documentation. Peter Carr, a spokesman for Mueller, declined a request by Reuters to comment on the matter. Ty Cobb, the White House lawyer handling requests from Mueller’s office, told Reuters, “Out of respect for the special counsel and its process, the White House does not comment on exchanges between the special counsel and the White House.”  “The White House remains committed to cooperate fully with the special counsel,” Cobb said. The subjects in the request by Mueller’s office included the ouster of former Trump national security adviser Michael Flynn and the firing of Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey, the Times reported. According to the report, the special counsel has also asked for documents on how the White House responded to questions about a June 2016 meeting involving Trump’s son, Donald Trump Jr., and a Russian lawyer who had offered to provide damaging information about Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. The 2016 meeting was also attended by Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner and his former campaign manager Paul Manafort. Mueller’s investigation and two congressional panels are looking into conclusions by U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia worked to tilt last November’s election in Republican Trump’s favor. Moscow has repeatedly denied any meddling in the election and Trump has denied any collusion by his campaign. ",1
1648,"In rare public speech, Obama decries Republican healthcare bill","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Former President Barack Obama used a rare public appearance on Wednesday to question Republicans’ latest effort to repeal his signature healthcare law, saying it would inflict “real human suffering” on Americans. In his speech at a Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation event in New York City, Obama also laid out an optimistic vision of the world’s future while implicitly criticizing Republican President Donald Trump’s “America First” philosophy. The remarks were one of the few times that Obama, a Democrat, has spoken publicly since he left office in January. “It is aggravating,” Obama said of the Republican attempt to eliminate Obamacare. “It’s certainly frustrating to have to mobilize every couple of months to keep our leaders from inflicting real human suffering on our constituents.” But Obama said the healthcare fight was a good example of the way that advancement is often made: through fits and starts, with backward steps tempering every success. “Progress is never inevitable,” he said. “It can often be fragile; it’s in need of constant renewal.” The true test, he said, was in how people respond in times of difficulty, when their efforts to make the world better run into resistance. “Your response has to be to reject cynicism and reject pessimism and to push forward with a certain infectious and relentless optimism,” he said. “Not blind optimism, not one that ignores the scale and the scope of challenges, but that hard-earned optimism that is rooted in the stories of very real progress that have occurred throughout human history.” The speech came a day after Trump addressed the United Nations General Assembly for the first time as president, offering a full-throated defense of nationalism and expressing skepticism about multilateral foreign policy. During a question-and-answer session with Bill and Melinda Gates after his speech, Obama said the United States cannot hope to solve the world’s biggest problems, such as climate change or mass migration, on its own. As he has largely done since leaving office, Obama did not mention Trump by name, but he made it clear that he disagreed with the president’s viewpoint. “You don’t have to cede your sovereignty or it doesn’t make you less patriotic to believe that,” Obama said. “You just have to have some sense - and read.” ",1
1649,Trump campaign manager Manafort offered to brief Russian billionaire during 2016 race: Washington Post,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Paul Manafort, President Donald Trump’s former campaign manager, offered to provide briefings to a Russian billionaire with close ties to the Kremlin on the status of the 2016 U.S. presidential election less than two weeks before Trump accepted the Republican nomination, the Washington Post reported on Wednesday. “If he needs private briefings we can accommodate,” Manafort wrote in an email to an overseas intermediary between him and aluminum magnate Oleg Deripaska, the Post reported, citing people familiar with the discussions. The Post said portions of the July 7, 2016, email were read to it, as were other parts of Manafort’s correspondence.   The email was one of tens of thousands of documents turned over to Special Counsel Robert Mueller, the Post reported, who along with several congressional committees is investigating alleged Russian efforts to tip the 2016 election in Trump’s favor and whether any members of Trump’s campaign colluded with Moscow’s effort. Mueller’s office declined to comment on the Post story. Manafort spokesman Jason Maloni told Reuters the emails were an attempt by Manafort to collect unpaid debts. Maloni told the Post that no briefings took place. The Post said there was no evidence Deripaska ever received Manafort’s alleged offer or that any briefings took place. A spokesman for Deripaska told the paper the emails were scheming by “consultants in the notorious ‘beltway bandit’ industry.” Russia has denied it interfered in the U.S. election, and Trump has said there was no collusion with his campaign. ",1
1650,Trump says latest Obamacare repeal plan has 'very good chance',"NEW YORK (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Wednesday he thought the latest effort to repeal and replace Obamacare had a “very good chance” of passing and said the U.S. Senate eventually would be forced to make a deal on the issue. “I think there’s tremendous support for it. I think it’s actually much better than the previous shot,” Trump told reporters in New York. “I thought that when I won (the election) I would go to the Oval Office, sit down at my desk, and there would be a healthcare bill on my desk, to be honest. And it hasn’t worked out that way. And I think a lot of Republicans are embarrassed by it.” Trump said he hoped the latest effort would succeed. “We think this has a very good chance,” he said, describing President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law as dysfunctional. “At some point the Senate is going to be forced to make a deal. They’re just about at that point right now.” ",1
1651,Democrats seek disclosure after Russia-backed political ads,"(Reuters) - Democratic U.S. lawmakers on Wednesday urged the Federal Election Commission to require transparency for social media advertising after Russians bought U.S. political ads on Facebook Inc (FB.O) in an alleged attempt to influence the 2016 elections. Pressure is mounting on regulators and Silicon Valley companies to open up the opaque world of online political ads and to prevent governments from using them to sway elections or attempt other meddling.  “Social media platforms offer the ability to target millions of users based upon a wealth of highly detailed information,” the lawmakers wrote in a letter to the election commission.  “As we have seen, the low cost of reaching these users equips hostile foreign actors with a powerful new tool for disruption of our democratic process.”  Some 20 Democrats from the Senate and House of Representatives signed the letter.  Facebook, the world’s largest social network, said this month that an operation likely based in Russia spent $100,000 on thousands of Facebook ads promoting divisive messages before and after last year’s U.S. presidential election.  Russia has denied meddling in the U.S. election, in which Republican Donald Trump defeated Democrat Hillary Clinton. U.S. congressional committees and special counsel Robert Mueller are investigating the allegations.     The Federal Election Commission last week sought public comment on possible regulatory changes, and the commission is considering holding a public hearing, with Facebook and other tech companies as invited witnesses.  Facebook has said it is working with U.S. authorities who are investigating alleged Russian meddling and also taking steps, such as removing fake accounts, to prevent manipulation of its platform.      ",1
1652,California sues Trump administration over border wall,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - California filed a lawsuit on Wednesday over the Trump administration’s plan to construct a wall along the border with Mexico, adding to the obstacles facing one of the Republican president’s key campaign promises. President Donald Trump has insisted Mexico would pay for building the wall, which experts said could cost about $22 billion and take more than three years to complete. With Mexico refusing to pay, Trump has said since taking office in January that the wall will initially need U.S. funding but that he will find a way to make Mexico ultimately pay for it. Democrats in the U.S. Congress, however, firmly oppose the border wall, and at least some Democratic senators would need to vote for its inclusion in a spending package. Democratic attorneys general including California’s Xavier Becerra have sued the Trump administration on a range of issues.  The border wall lawsuit filed in a San Diego federal court alleges that Trump’s wall violates federal environmental standards, as well as constitutional provisions regarding the separation of powers and states’ rights. Representatives for the U.S. Justice Department declined to immediately comment on the case. The lawsuit asks a judge to stop the administration from building the wall until it demonstrates compliance with environmental laws, and issue an order that the Department of Homeland Security cannot waive any federal guidelines in order to facilitate the project. Last month the Trump administration said it had selected four construction companies to build concrete prototypes for a wall, which will be will be 30 feet (9 meters) tall and about 30 feet wide and will be tested in San Diego. ",1
1653,Republican leader plans Senate vote on healthcare next week: media,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell plans to bring his party’s latest legislative effort to replace Obamacare up for a vote in the Senate next week, a number of media outlets reported on Wednesday. “It is the leader’s intention to consider Graham/Cassidy on the floor next week,” a spokesperson for McConnell said, according to Politico. ",1
1654,Graham says U.S. Senate to consider healthcare bill next week: NBC,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Senator Lindsey Graham said on Wednesday the Senate would take up the Obamacare replacement bill he co-sponsored next week, an NBC reporter said on Twitter. The reporter said Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell’s office subsequently said no announcement had been made on next week’s floor schedule, but it neither confirmed nor disputed Graham’s statement. ",1
1655,"Walmart, Target join call for 'Dreamer' legislation","(Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Target Corp and PepsiCo Inc on Wednesday joined an expanded group of nearly 800 companies calling in a letter for U.S. legislation to protect immigrants brought into the country illegally by their parents from deportation, according to organizer FWD.us. The retailers and other companies asking Congress to pass a permanent replacement for Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, reflect broadening pressure on political leaders to find a solution for the roughly 800,000 immigrants known as “Dreamers”.  A group of businesses less than half the size and weighted toward technology companies sent a similar letter in August, before President Donald Trump said he would end the program. The new letter reflects Trump’s decision and asks for a permanent solution to let DACA recipients remain in the United States. Trump said that DACA immigrants who have work permits that expire before March can apply to renew them for another two years, if they do so before Oct. 5. Both letters were spearheaded by FWD.us, a pro-immigration group co-founded by Facebook Inc Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg. The very first incarnation of the letter included signatories from major technology companies such as Apple Inc, Microsoft Corp and Amazon.com and Alphabet Inc’s Google. But over the course of several days, a much broader swath of the U.S. economy, from media firm Viacom to private equity firm TPG signed on. The newer letter adds firms like biotech firm Becton, Dickinson and Co, according to a copy of the letter and signatures seen by Reuters. “That you see business leaders from every major sector of the economy come out and ask Congress to pass a permanent fix for DACA right away shows that this is a bipartisan issue that has strong support,” Todd Schulte, president of FWD.us, told Reuters. The new letter calls on Congress to “immediately pass the bipartisan DREAM Act - or similar legislation - that gives Dreamers the permanent legislative solution they deserve.” The DREAM Act, first introduced in Congress in 2001, would provide Dreamers with a way to become U.S. citizens after first becoming permanent residents. DACA, a set of executive actions introduced by President Barack Obama in 2012, didn’t include a pathway to citizenship, which would require an act of Congress. Some conservatives in particular object to offering  citizenship to DACA recipients. Activists including United We Dream also are encouraging DACA recipients and companies they work for to be public about their situation. Enrique Ramirez was brought to the United States from Mexico when he was two years old. He graduated from Harvard University and is now attending law school at the University of Texas at Austin. “There’s been so much money invested in me by this country, wouldn’t even a conservative person want me to contribute to my community here?” Ramirez said. DACA shields recipients from deportation and allowed them to work and attend school legally if certain requirements were met. Speaking on ABC television on Sept. 19, Apple CEO Tim Cook said he was “encouraged” that leading Democrats and Republican President Trump have said they are near a deal on DACA legislation. Apple has said it has 250 DACA beneficiaries among its ranks.  “We think it’s essential that we not only let them stay in this country, but welcome them,” Cook said of DACA recipients. “I am encouraged that Congress will pass a law to make this permanent.” Other tech companies are looking to pair with local groups to help DACA recipients. Ride-haling firm Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] said that is holding a series of town-hall meetings in 10 cities to answer drivers’ questions about DACA changes, and that it plans to donate $500,000 to local groups that can help drivers with issues like paperwork and application fees. ",1
1656,Pelosi calls DACA deal a first step toward comprehensive immigration reform,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said on Wednesday that supporting undocumented immigrants brought to the United States as children, the so-called “Dreamers,” was a “first step” toward broader reform. “Comprehensive immigration reform is our goal. We think this is a good first step,” Pelosi told a briefing, referring to legislation that would protect the roughly 800,000 people once covered by the DACA program. She said she hoped Congress could later achieve comprehensive immigration reform to help all undocumented immigrants, but “we have to save the Dreamers now.” ",1
1657,White House weighs abandoning estate tax repeal in Republican tax push," ((This Sept. 19 story corrects paragraph 9 to say the estimated amounts to be raised are annual figures, not totals for the decade)) By Amanda Becker WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration may abandon its promise to repeal the U.S. estate tax on inherited assets in an effort to make a still-evolving Republican tax cut framework more politically feasible, according to sources familiar with the deliberations. A so-called Big Six team of Republican tax package negotiators, including senior lawmakers and top Trump advisers, has been tight-lipped about the details that will be part of their plan, expected to be unveiled next week. Republicans have long criticized the estate tax, saying it taxes hard-earned income a second time and hurts family-owned businesses and farms. Democrats say repealing it would be a windfall for only the wealthiest of taxpayers. After months of debate about how to make good on a 2016 campaign promise to overhaul the tax code, Republican tax negotiators are in a bind. They have largely given up on a comprehensive revamp of the code and are now focused on a package of tax cuts for individuals and businesses. To offset the revenue losses that would result from such cuts, they need new revenues and need to hold onto existing revenues to avoid expanding the federal deficit too much. To that end, Trump administration officials have considered keeping the revenue-raising estate tax, which is levied on estate assets worth more than $5.49 million, or $10.98 million  for married couples, according to those familiar with the talks, but not authorized to speak about them. “There have been high-level discussions in the White House about giving up on repealing the estate tax,” said a congressional aide. The 40 percent estate tax currently affects just 0.2 percent of estates, or approximately 5,460 estates this year, according to the nonpartisan Tax Policy Institute, a think tank. But the tax will raise between $25 billion and $34 billion annually over the next decade, the Congressional Budget Office has estimated. A White House spokeswoman declined to comment on “rumors about internal deliberations,” but said President Donald Trump “has made it clear that his priority is ensuring American workers get a pay raise” by making the tax code more competitive. In a recent meeting between Trump, Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer and House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi, the president sought to make the case that his tax plan would not favor the rich. The Democrats pointed to the estate tax repeal, which was then included in the president’s plan, as one benefit for the wealthy, those familiar with the meeting said. Though analysts had expected an estate tax repeal to take a back seat in the Republican tax push to other priorities, they cautioned that if the White House decides to abandon it, the plan would meet resistance from Trump’s own party in Congress. The Big Six team consists of Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the National Economic Council’s Gary Cohn, Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell, House Speaker Paul Ryan, and Senator Orrin Hatch and Representative Kevin Brady, who head the tax committees in their respective chambers. Abandoning estate tax repeal would please many Democrats, but make it more difficult to push the tax package through the House of Representatives, where conservative Republicans are already wary of the hush-hush negotiations. “I do think reform will include, if not outright repeal, then a substantial relaxation and modification of the estate tax rules,” Deloitte’s Jonathan Traub told Reuters. Republicans could tweak the estate tax by creating a higher exemption amount, lowering the rate, or a combination thereof. Or they could pursue a temporary repeal to preserve revenue without endangering the package’s prospects,  said analysts and a former committee staffer now in the private sector. “There is this menu of items they want to pay for, the estate tax being one of them,” said Cowen & Co’s Chris Krueger, a Washington analyst. “It’s the candy, not the broccoli.” ",1
1658,"Senate Republicans weigh tax cuts, deficit expansion","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republicans have reached a tentative budget deal that could allow tax reform legislation to eliminate as much as $1.5 trillion in revenues over 10 years through tax cuts, raising the odds that their planned tax overhaul would expand the federal deficit. Two members of the Senate Budget Committee, Republicans Pat Toomey and Bob Corker, announced the formal agreement late on Tuesday, but their joint news release did not provide dollar figures for revenue reduction or tax cuts. The prospective tax cuts are part of closed-door talks among 12 Senate Budget Committee Republicans who are drafting a fiscal 2018 budget measure needed to help the 100-member Senate pass a tax overhaul with as few as 51 Republicans votes and prevent Democrats from blocking the legislation. The U.S. economy is in a steady expansion and stock markets are rising. But the tax cuts being weighed by congressional Republicans, with encouragement from President Donald Trump, are on a scale normally reserved for times of economic hardship and intended to drive annual economic growth above 3 percent. Trump campaigned last year on a promise of comprehensive tax reform. But Republicans have made little tangible progress toward that ambitious goal so far. Toomey told reporters he is confident that Republicans will agree to a budget resolution that foresees a deficit in the first decade. He said, however, that talks have not settled definitively on $1.5 trillion.   “I’d like to see a bigger number,” said Toomey, who argues that tax cuts would increase economic growth. In their joint news release, Toomey and Corker said they agreed on a budget resolution that would use a standard analysis of the impact of the tax cuts on the deficit. Some Republicans like Toomey have pushed for a “dynamic” model, which tends to assume an increased economic stimulus effect from tax cuts, resulting in smaller projected increases to the deficit. Senator John Thune, a member of the Senate Republican leadership team, said he expected the agreement to provide  maximum flexibility to craft a tax overhaul capable of driving economic growth and ultimately raising worker wages. But looming in the background is Washington’s steady flow of red ink that adds every year to the $20 trillion national debt, a target of outrage not long ago for Republican “fiscal hawks.” In recent weeks, some fiscal hawks have expressed a willingness to consider deficit financing for tax reform but many at levels well below $500 billion.  Toomey’s comments suggest Senate Republicans may be looking to deficit spending as a way to cut taxes on businesses and individuals while avoiding hard decisions that would be needed to raise taxes elsewhere or eliminate popular tax breaks. If adopted by Congress in a budget resolution, the $1.5 trillion figure would set a ceiling on how much revenue tax reform could eliminate over 10 years. Analysts and Democrats have warned that higher deficits resulting from tax cuts would eventually overwhelm economic growth at a time when U.S. interest rates are set to rise. Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch, whose panel would use the budget figure in crafting a tax reform bill, told reporters he was not sure that revenue losses of $1.5 trillion were needed for tax reform. Senator Ron Wyden, the Senate Finance Committee’s top Democrat, dismissed the development as a distraction from the more important question of how Republican tax reform would ultimately benefit the wealthy. “It looks to me like yet another trial balloon,” Wyden said. Republicans have been unable to agree on how to pay for tax cuts and other proposed tax changes, aside from arguing that some lost revenue would be clawed back from the buoyant economic growth they believe tax reform will deliver. “There’s no way you’re going to be able to do tax cuts that pay for themselves,” said Louisiana Senator John Kennedy, another budget committee Republican. “But I think most people would concede that cutting taxes does stimulate the economy.” ",1
1659,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (Sept 20) - Graham-Cassidy bill, Luther Strange","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - Big meetings today at the United Nations. So many interesting leaders. America First will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  [0614 EDT] - After allowing North Korea to research and build Nukes while Secretary of State (Bill C also), Crooked Hillary now criticizes.  [1140 EDT] - Thank you  @foxandfriends - great show!  [1200 EDT] - Rand Paul is a friend of mine but he is such a negative force when it comes to fixing healthcare. Graham-Cassidy Bill is GREAT! Ends Ocare!  [1309 EDT] - I hope Republican Senators will vote for Graham-Cassidy and fulfill their promise to Repeal & Replace ObamaCare. Money direct to States!  [1316 EDT] - Looking forward to Friday night in the Great State of Alabama. I am supporting “Big” Luther Strange because he was so loyal & helpful to me!  [1329 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
1660,Late-night TV show host Kimmel blasts senator over healthcare bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Television talk show host Jimmy Kimmel called out a Republican U.S. senator pushing the party’s latest healthcare overhaul plan, saying the lawmaker had “lied right to my face” about efforts to scrap Obamacare by backing a measure that would strip coverage from many Americans. Kimmel, who became part of the debate on U.S. healthcare legislation in May after emotionally discussing his newborn son’s emergency heart surgery, took aim at Senator Bill Cassidy on his show on Tuesday night. Along with fellow Republican Senator Lindsey Graham, Cassidy authored a bill that now has White House support to dismantle the 2010 Affordable Care Act passed under former Democratic President Barack Obama. Kimmel has called for healthcare that will ensure treatment for children who do not come from wealthy families, like his. Cassidy appeared on “Jimmy Kimmel Live!” in May and said he supported access to preventative care regardless of income.  Cassidy had said any healthcare bill must pass what he called “the Jimmy Kimmel test” of providing affordable care for such children and include preventative care for every American. “This guy Bill Cassidy just lied right to my face,” Kimmel said on Tuesday. “This new bill actually does pass the Jimmy Kimmel test but a different Jimmy Kimmel test. With this one, your child with a pre-existing condition will get the care he needs - if, and only if, his father is Jimmy Kimmel. Otherwise, you might be screwed.” Cassidy responded to Kimmel’s comments with a statement defending his bill as “must-pass” legislation to help cover people and noting Republicans faced a Sept. 30 deadline. The Graham-Cassidy plan would allow states to opt out of some consumer protections and waive regulations requiring insurers to include certain benefits, as well as end the expansion of the Medicaid insurance program for the poor and disabled. It remains unclear whether Republicans have enough support to pass the bill, which also would replace Obamacare with a system giving states block grants to fund their own healthcare programs. Democrats have been united in opposing Republican efforts to make good on their years-long pledge to dismantle current law, a promise that also was central to U.S. Republican President Donald Trump’s presidential campaign. A bipartisan group of governors, major health industry groups and consumer advocates also opposed the latest bill.  Kimmel and others urged Congress to instead stabilize current insurance markets with a package spearheaded by the Senate health committee’s Republican chairman and ranking Democrat. “Right now, there’s a bipartisan group of senators working to improve the healthcare system we have,” Kimmel said on his show. “Go pitch in and be a part of that ... And if not? Stop using my name.” ",1
1661,Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein interviewed over FBI ex-director's firing: WSJ,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s office has interviewed U.S. Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein about President Donald Trump’s firing of former FBI Director James Comey, the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday. Citing unnamed people familiar with the investigation, the Journal said the interview occurred in June or July. Mueller is looking into allegations of Russian meddling in the 2016 elections, possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia, and whether Trump may have obstructed justice by firing Comey in May. Mueller, himself a former FBI director, ultimately reports to Rosenstein because Attorney General Jeff Sessions has recused himself from the probe. The Journal said the handling of the interview “could be a sign that Mr. Mueller’s team doesn’t view Mr. Rosenstein as a central witness in its probe, as the deputy attorney general hasn’t withdrawn himself from overseeing it since that interview.” The paper quoted Ian Prior, a Justice Department spokesman, as saying: “As the deputy attorney general has said numerous times, if there comes a time when he needs to recuse, he will. However, nothing has changed.” A Justice Department spokeswoman and a representative for the special counsel both declined to comment to Reuters. The Russian government denies any attempt to influence the election, and the Republican president has repeatedly denied any collusion, calling the investigations a “witch hunt.” ",1
1662,"Republican Senators Corker, Toomey reach deal on budget resolution","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican Senator Pat Toomey and Bob Corker, both members of the Budget Committee, said on Tuesday they had reached an agreement on a budget resolution that would allow for tax cuts over a 10-year period. “While each member of the caucus will have to make their own decision, I believe our agreement gives the tax writing committees enough headroom to achieve real tax reform that eliminates loopholes and lowers tax rates for hardworking Americans,” Corker said in a joint press release with Toomey. Toomey said: “I am confident the budget agreement I have reached with Chairman Enzi and Senator Corker will give the Finance Committee the headroom needed to write a pro-growth tax plan that reforms the code, causes the economy to surge, and ultimately results in reduced federal budget deficits.”   ",1
1663,Attorney General Sessions steps up anti-'sanctuary' rhetoric after setbacks,"(Reuters) - U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions stepped up the Trump administration’s critique of so-called sanctuary cities on Tuesday, saying local and state policies to limit cooperation with immigration enforcement are a criminal’s “best friend.”  Sessions’ remarks, at a gathering of law enforcement authorities in Portland, Oregon, came days after repudiation of his stance against the sanctuary movement in separate actions by a federal judge in Chicago and the California legislature. The judge in Chicago on Friday barred the Justice Department from withholding public safety grants to cities unless they allowed U.S. immigration authorities unlimited access to local jails and provided 48 hours’ notice before releasing individuals sought for deportation. On Saturday, California lawmakers voted to make California a sanctuary state, approving a bill barring local governments from forcing undocumented immigrants to spend extra time in jail just to allow immigration agents to take them into their custody. But under a compromise negotiated with Governor Jerry Brown, the bill allows local police to notify the federal government if they have arrested an undocumented immigrant with a felony record. It also allows immigration agents access to local jails. Sessions called on local jurisdictions that have sought to shield illegal immigrants from deportation efforts to reconsider, and he urged Brown not to sign the California bill into law. President Donald Trump and his administration have insisted that the deportation crackdown is aimed at illegal immigrants convicted of serious crimes, and that sanctuary measures contribute to rising crime. “Such policies undermine the moral authority of law and undermine the safety of the jurisdictions that adopt them,” Sessions said. “That makes a sanctuary city a trafficker, smuggler or gang member’s best friend.” He cited cases in Oregon and California in which illegal immigrants were charged with committing violent crimes after being arrested for relatively minor offenses by local police and then released, despite federal requests to keep them in custody. Sanctuary supporters counter that enlisting police cooperation in deportation actions undermines community trust in local law enforcement, particularly among Latinos, and they  question whether Trump is really targeting dangerous criminals. “We’re not soldiers of Donald Trump or the federal immigration service,” Brown said in a CNN interview on Tuesday. He called the measure passed by California’s legislature “a well-balanced bill.” Portland Mayor Ted Wheeler said in a letter to Sessions that Oregon state law dating back to 1987 prohibits state and local police from enforcing federal immigration law.    ",1
1664,"Trump using campaign, RNC funds to pay legal bills from Russia probe: sources","NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump is using money donated to his re-election campaign and the Republican National Committee to pay for his lawyers in the probe of alleged Russian interference in the U.S. election, two people familiar with the matter told Reuters. Following Reuters exclusive report on Tuesday, CNN reported that the Republican National Committee paid in August more than $230,000 to cover some of Trump’s legal fees related to the  probe.  RNC spokesperson Cassie Smedile confirmed to Reuters that Trump’s lead lawyer, John Dowd, received $100,000 from the RNC and that the RNC also paid $131,250 to the Constitutional Litigation and Advocacy Group, the law firm where Jay Sekulow, another of Trump’s lawyers, is a partner. The RNC is scheduled to disclose its August spending on Wednesday. The Trump campaign is due for a disclosure on Oct. 15. The U.S. Federal Election Commission allows the use of private campaign funds to pay legal bills arising from being a candidate or elected official.  While previous presidential campaigns have used these funds to pay for routine legal matters such as ballot access disputes and compliance requirements, Trump would be the first U.S. president in the modern campaign finance era to use such funds to cover the costs of responding to a criminal probe, said election law experts. Smedile said the RNC payments to Trump’s lawyers were “from a pre-existing legal proceedings account and do not reduce by a dime the resources we can put towards our political work.”  It was not clear how Trump’s legal costs related to the Russia probe would be allocated between the campaign and the RNC, one of the sources said.  Dowd declined to say how the president’s legal bills were being paid, adding: “That’s none of your business.”  Special counsel Robert Mueller is looking at possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia in last year’s election, and whether Trump may have obstructed justice by firing Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey, among other actions.  Moscow has denied meddling in the U.S. election, and Trump has denied any collusion or obstruction. Reuters could not determine how large a legal bill Trump has incurred to date from his lawyers on the Mueller investigation. Trump hired his longtime New York lawyer Marc Kasowitz to head his defense team in May, but Kasowitz stepped down in July, with Dowd taking over the lead role, according to people familiar with the situation. Special White House counsel Ty Cobb, who is a salaried staff member, is also working on the matter.  The Trump campaign has paid law firm Jones Day almost $4 million, according to campaign filings, mostly for routine campaign legal expenses like ballot access disputes, vendor contracts, human resources and compliance with state and federal laws. It has also responded to Russia-related inquiries on behalf of the campaign by, for example, providing documents to Congress. The reason Trump is able to tap into his campaign funds for legal expenses is because for the past decade, presidential candidates have abandoned public financing for their campaigns. Instead, they have built networks that collect millions of dollars from private donors, a move that comes with less restrictions on how the money is spent. Barack Obama in 2008 was the first to eschew public financing for his campaign, and all the major-party candidates followed suit in 2012 and 2016, campaign filings show. Trump also filed for reelection the day he took office in January, two years earlier than any previous president, ensuring a fund of millions in campaign cash would remain at his disposal. According to its most recent filing to the Federal Election Commission, Donald J. Trump for President Inc had almost $12 million on hand by the end of June, an increase of over $4 million since January. Adav Noti, a senior director at the Campaign Legal Center, a watchdog group that describes itself as nonpartisan, said public campaign funds - as opposed to the private funds Trump has raised - cannot generally be used for expenses arising from criminal investigations, or for any expenses that arise after the campaign is over. President Bill Clinton, who ran two publicly funded campaigns, had supporters start legal defense funds and used his own insurance to help pay legal bills during the Whitewater investigation. He still wound up with millions of dollars in personal debt which he paid off through speaking fees he earned once he left office. Hillary Clinton, who ran a privately funded campaign, paid millions to campaign lawyers at Perkins Coie to handle routine legal matters, according to campaign filings. Her campaign made no payments to the Washington law firm Williams & Connolly, which represented her in the probes of her use of a private email server when she was U.S. Secretary of State.  Her lawyer, David Kendall of Williams & Connolly, declined to comment on how he was paid. Campaigns also have discretion to pay legal fees for others besides the president.  According to a July filing, the Trump campaign paid $50,000 to the law firm of Alan Futerfas, who is representing Donald Trump Jr. Futerfas did not respond for requests for comment.  A number of other current and former Trump staffers have also recently hired lawyers.  ",1
1665,"As clock ticks, Republicans try to move ahead on Obamacare repeal","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration and top U.S. Senate Republicans pushed on Tuesday for action on a bill to dismantle Obamacare, but time was running out and they were still hunting for the votes needed to pass their latest attempt to gut the 2010 healthcare law.  Vice President Mike Pence lunched with Republican lawmakers on Capitol Hill to urge them to approve the legislation introduced last week by Republican Senators Lindsey Graham and Bill Cassidy. Pence said President Donald Trump backs the bill. “Now is the time. We have 12 days” to pass it, Pence said before the lunch. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, who fell a single vote short of securing passage of another healthcare overhaul bill in July, said the Graham-Cassidy legislation “has a great deal of support,” but would not commit to bringing it to the Senate floor for consideration. After Sept. 30, the last day of the fiscal year, procedural rules will make it much more difficult for Republicans. The bill after Oct. 1 would need 60 votes in the 100-seat Senate to be brought up for consideration, rather than a simple majority until the end of the month. Despite controlling both chambers of Congress and the White House, Republicans this year have failed to make good on their seven-year effort to dismantle a law that was the top legislative achievement of Trump’s Democratic predecessor Barack Obama. Having suffered the humiliating failure in July, Republican congressional leaders only want to hold a vote on legislation they know can pass. “At the end of the day, I really believe we’re going to get 50 Republican votes,” Graham told reporters, but he would not say how many committed votes he has now in a Senate that his party controls 52-48. Dismantling the Affordable Care Act, known informally as Obamacare, was a central campaign promise last year by Trump. Republicans call that law a government overreach into the healthcare system. Democrats point out that it has expanded health insurance coverage to some 20 million more people. The new bill could give Republicans one last shot this year on healthcare. It proposes to replace Obamacare with a system giving states money in block grants to run their own healthcare programs. It would allow states to opt out of certain Obamacare protections for consumers and waive regulations requiring insurers to cover certain health benefits. It also would end the Obamacare expansion of the Medicaid insurance program for the poor and disabled. “Similar to proposals that were considered in the Senate in July, we believe the Graham-Cassidy amendment would result in millions of Americans losing their health insurance coverage, destabilize health insurance markets, and decrease access to affordable coverage and care,” said James Madara, chief executive of the American Medical Association. Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer said Republicans were “grossly irresponsible” to consider the Cassidy-Graham legislation before getting a full assessment of its effects from the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office. Several Republicans, including the same three senators whose “no” votes blocked the earlier bill in July, are still undecided, including Graham’s close friend John McCain. A bipartisan group of 10 governors wrote a letter to Senate leaders asking them not to consider the Cassidy-Graham bill, and instead urged support for bipartisan talks on healthcare legislation now going on in the Senate health committee. Alaska Governor Bill Walker was among those who signed the letter. One of his state’s two senators, Republican Lisa Murkowski, is among those undecided on the Cassidy-Graham bill. Meanwhile the clock is ticking. The Senate will not be in session Wednesday through Sunday. The Senate Finance Committee said it will hold a hearing on the bill next Monday. Graham said House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan has told him that if the Senate passes the Cassidy-Graham bill, the House will, too. Ryan has told McConnell that the separate bipartisan healthcare effort in the Senate that aims to protect some subsidies being paid to insurance companies to help people buy insurance policies would not be viable in the House, according to a source familiar with the discussion who asked not to be identified. Trump’s administration has repeatedly threatened to cut off payments made directly to insurers, called cost-sharing reductions, that help cover out-of-pocket medical expenses for low-income consumers. It faced a deadline on Wednesday to make the payments for the month of September, and insurers expected to receive the payments.  If the bill were to go through, it would likely affect revenue at most insurers, including small companies like Centene Corp (CNC.N) and Molina Healthcare (MOH.N) that focus on Medicaid, and larger more diversified companies like Anthem Inc (ANTM.N), Aetna Inc (AET.N) and UnitedHealth Group (UNH.N), Wall Street analysts said. Aetna shares were off 2.8 percent on Tuesday and UnitedHealth was down 2.3 percent while the stocks of hospital chains were also lower on the possibility of less government funding, including HCA Healthcare’s (HCA.N) decline of 2 percent. ",1
1666,"Factbox: Latest Obamacare repeal bill would block grant money to states, gut Medicaid","(Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republicans are making one last attempt to overhaul Obamacare before a special parliamentary procedure allowing the bill to pass with a simple majority expires at the end of this month.  The latest proposal, called the Graham-Cassidy bill and sponsored by Republican Senators Lindsey Graham, Bill Cassidy, Dean Heller and Ron Johnson, would give states money in the form of block grants, allowing them to design their own healthcare systems while maintaining some regulations of the Affordable Care Act, former Democratic President Barack Obama’s signature domestic policy achievement. The federal funding would run out by 2027, and after that would need to be reauthorized. The bill gained momentum this week as Republicans aim to deliver on a seven-year campaign promise and one of President Donald Trump’s top campaign pledges. The bill’s sponsors say they are close to the 50 votes needed for passage, with Vice President Mike Pence casting the tie-breaking vote if necessary. Here are some of the main provisions of the proposal:  Like previous repeal bills, the Graham-Cassidy proposal retroactively repeals the so-called individual mandate, the requirement that everyone purchase health insurance or else pay a fine. It also retroactively repeals the mandate that certain employers provide health insurance for their workers.  Health policy experts say the individual mandate is needed to induce young, healthy people who may otherwise forgo coverage to buy insurance and offset the costs of sicker, more expensive patients. The bill’s authors say states could maintain Obamacare’s expansion of Medicaid, the government health insurance program for the poor and disabled, if they choose to. But the legislation repeals enhanced federal funding for the expansion beginning in 2020. It then limits Medicaid spending beginning in 2020 by implementing a per capita cap. The proposal aims to distribute equal funding to states for Medicaid by providing block grants based on the number of enrollees in each state. The block grants, coupled with the repeal of the Medicaid expansion, would slash funding to the 31 states that expanded the government program while states that did not expand would see a short-term boost in federal funding. States would also be allowed to introduce Medicaid work requirements for many eligible adults to receive benefits, a fundamental change to the government program. The bill maintains the Obamacare rule that children be allowed to stay on their parents’ health insurance until age 26, one of the law’s most popular provisions and one that is favored by Trump. But the legislation allows states to opt out of the requirement that insurers charge sick and healthy people the same rates. States would be able to set up high-risk pools for expensive patients to purchase coverage, while healthier individuals would be able to purchase cheaper bare-bones health plans. It would also enable states to waive the Obamacare requirement that all insurers cover 10 essential health benefits, such as maternity and newborn care, prescription drugs, and mental health and addiction treatment.  The proposal repeals some Obamacare taxes that are supposed to help pay for the law in the future, including the so-called Cadillac tax on high-cost employer-sponsored insurance and a tax on medical device manufacturers. It repeals fewer taxes than most previous repeal efforts.  The bill would also in 2020 repeal income-based tax credits that help low-income people purchase health insurance. The bill defunds Planned Parenthood, the women’s health organization that conservatives oppose due to its abortion and birth control services, for one year. ",1
1667,U.S. senator: No bipartisan deal on Obamacare repair,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican Senator Lamar Alexander said on Tuesday that he had failed to reach an agreement with Democrats on a bipartisan effort to stabilize Obamacare insurance markets. In a statement, Alexander said he and Democratic Senator Patty Murray “have worked hard and in good faith, but have not found the necessary consensus among Republicans and Democrats to put a bill in the Senate leaders’ hands that could be enacted.”  Alexander and Murray had been working to protect the government payments made to insurers to help reduce medical expenses for low-income Americans enrolled in Obamacare. Alexander also wanted states to have more flexibility to design insurance plans under the program. ",1
1668,Democratic Senator Murray thinks bipartisan Obamacare deal still possible,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic Senator Patty Murray said Tuesday she thought a bipartisan deal to repair Obamacare was still possible, despite the announcement by her negotiating partner, Republican Senator Lamar Alexander, that they had failed to reach an agreement. Murray, in a statement, said she had made some “tough concessions” in the talks, when it came to giving states more flexibility under Obamacare. She was disappointed that Republican leaders had decided to “freeze” the bipartisan approach “but I am confident that we can reach a deal if we keep working together — and I am committed to getting that done.” Alexander and Murray had been working to protect the government payments made to insurers to help reduce medical expenses for low-income Americans enrolled in Obamacare. Alexander also wanted states to have more flexibility to design insurance plans under the program. ",1
1669,Ex-Trump campaign chief Manafort wants probe of leaks,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Paul Manafort, President Donald Trump’s former campaign manager,  lashed out on Tuesday at reports he was wiretapped by federal authorities, and his spokesman sent out a statement demanding a leaks probe and suggesting the surveillance was politically motivated. The statement issued by spokesman Jason Maloni on behalf of Manafort came a day after CNN reported that a secret court had authorized surveillance of Manafort under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA), under which Americans can be targeted if they are suspected of acting as an agent of a foreign country. Manafort became Trump’s campaign manager in June 2016 but was forced to resign two months later amid reports of his business relationship with the Kremlin-backed former Ukrainian leader, Viktor Yanukovich. Manafort is being investigated as part of Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s probe of alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. The court initially authorized FISA surveillance of Manafort in 2014 but that lapsed in 2016 for lack of evidence, CNN reported. FISA surveillance resumed later in 2016 and continued into 2017 as part of the FBI’s probe into ties between Trump campaign associates and Russian operatives, CNN said. “If true, it is a felony to reveal the existence of a FISA warrant, regardless of the fact that no charges ever emerged,” Maloni said in the statement on behalf of Manafort. “The U.S. Department of Justice’s Inspector General should immediately conduct an investigation into these leaks and to examine the motivations behind a previous administration’s effort to surveil a political opponent,” he said. The special counsel’s office and the FBI both declined to comment on Maloni’s statement. They also did not comment on CNN’s original report about surveillance of Manafort. Maloni urged the Justice Department to release any intercepts between Manafort and any non-Americans so people “can come to the same conclusion as the DOJ (Justice Department) - there is nothing there.” As part of the special counsel’s probe, federal agents with search warrants raided Manafort’s Virginia home in July. The New York Times, citing two people close to the case, reported on Monday that prosecutors later told Manafort they planned to indict him. CNN said interest in Manafort deepened because of intercepted communications between him and Russian operatives, and among the Russians. The government eavesdropping continued into 2017, including a period when Manafort was known to talk to Trump after he became president. CNN said it was unclear if Trump was picked up on the surveillance. ",1
1670,"Senate panel cancels interview with Trump lawyer, asks him to open hearing","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. Senate panel probing alleged Russian interference in the 2016 election abruptly canceled an interview with President Donald Trump’s lawyer Michael Cohen on Tuesday after he issued a statement about his testimony in violation of committee policy. “The committee expects witnesses in this investigation to work in good faith with the Senate,” Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr and Vice Chairman Mark Warner said in a statement after canceling the closed-door session. Cohen was later asked to appear at an open hearing on Oct. 25. Burr, a Republican, and Warner, a Democrat, said it was against the committee’s policy for witnesses to make public comments before being interviewed. The intelligence panel, other congressional committees and special counsel Robert Mueller are investigating whether Russia intervened to tilt the 2016 election in Trump’s favor and whether Trump or top aides colluded with Moscow. The Russian government denies any attempt to influence the election, and the Republican president has repeatedly denied any collusion, calling the investigations a “witch hunt.” The allegations have shadowed the first months of Trump’s presidency.  Two people familiar with the matter told Reuters that Trump was using money donated to his re-election campaign and the Republican National Committee to pay for his lawyers in the probe.  While previous presidential campaigns have used those funds to pay routine legal fees, Trump would be the first U.S. president in the modern campaign finance era to use them to cover the costs of responding to a criminal probe, election law experts said. In his statement, Cohen denied that he or Trump colluded with Russia to interfere in the election, and said such charges were made to discredit Trump’s presidency. “I emphatically state that I had nothing to do with any Russian involvement in our electoral process,” Cohen’s statement said. “Given my own proximity to the president of the United States as a candidate, let me also say that I never saw anything - not a hint of anything - that demonstrated his involvement in Russian interference in our election or any form of Russia collusion,” Cohen said. Cohen and his attorney, Stephen Ryan, had traveled to Capitol Hill for the closed-door interview with committee investigators, but were told the meeting had been postponed. “We didn’t want to send a message except for what we do is behind closed doors,” Burr later told reporters at the Capitol. The committee had changed its policy since Trump’s son-in-law and close adviser, Jared Kushner, issued an 11-page statement before meeting with intelligence committee staff in July, he said. Asked if the committee would subpoena Cohen, Burr said he did not think it would need to. Cohen’s name surfaced in a dossier compiled by former British intelligence officer Christopher Steele that reported Cohen played an important role in liaison with the Russian government and secretly met with Kremlin officials in Prague in August 2016. The Steele dossier, Cohen said in his statement, was “riddled with falsehoods and intentionally salacious allegations.” “I have never in my life been to Prague or to anywhere in the Czech Republic,” he said. Current and former U.S. intelligence officials have said that while they cannot verify all the details in the Steele dossier, neither have they debunked it entirely.    Former Utah Governor Jon Huntsman, Trump’s nominee to be ambassador to Russia, said at his Senate confirmation hearing on Tuesday: “There is no question, underline no question, that the Russian government interfered in the U.S. election last year.”  He pledged to bring up the issue with the government there. Huntsman previously served as U.S. ambassador to China under Democratic President Barack Obama.  ",1
1671,Trump's lawyer denies collusion with Russia in 2016 election,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s lawyer on Tuesday denied that he or Trump colluded with Russia to interfere in last year’s presidential election, and said such charges were meant to discredit Trump’s presidency. “I emphatically state that I had nothing to do with any Russian involvement in our electoral process,” Michael Cohen said in a statement prepared for a scheduled meeting with Senate Intelligence Committee investigators that was ultimately postponed. “Given my own proximity to the president of the United States as a candidate, let me also say that I never saw anything - not a hint of anything - that demonstrated his involvement in Russian interference in our election or any form of Russia collusion,” Cohen said. After the statement was reported by media organizations on Tuesday morning, Cohen and his attorney, Stephen Ryan, traveled to Capitol Hill for a closed-door interview with Intelligence Committee investigators - but were told that the committee had decided to postpone the meeting. The Senate committee, as well as other congressional panels and special counsel Robert Mueller, are investigating Russia’s reported interference in the 2016 election and whether Trump or his top aides colluded with Moscow. Cohen’s name surfaced in a dossier, compiled by former British intelligence officer Christopher Steele, that reported Cohen played an important role in liaison with the Russian government and secretly met with Kremlin officials in Prague in August 2016. The Steele dossier, Cohen said in his statement, is “riddled with falsehoods and intentionally salacious allegations.” “I have never in my life been to Prague or to anywhere in the Czech Republic,” he said. Current and former U.S. intelligence officials have said that while they cannot verify all the details in the Steele dossier, neither have they debunked it entirely. It was not immediately clear why Cohen’s meeting with Senate investigators was postponed. “The committee has chosen to postpone today’s interview and we will come back for a voluntary interview whenever we can to meet with them,” Ryan told reporters. “Mr. Cohen will continue to co-operate.” Cohen said in his statement that the collusion charges are meant to discredit Trump’s presidency. “I’m also certain that there are some in this country who do not care about the facts, but simply want to politicize this issue, choosing to presume guilt - rather than presuming innocence - so as to discredit our lawfully elected president in the public eye,” he said. ",1
1672,Leading Democrat says Equifax gave consumers 'confusing and misleading information',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren said on Tuesday that Equifax was sloppy in allowing itself to be hacked, losing sensitive data on up to 143 million people. “People are outraged, and rightfully so,” she said on the Senate floor, attacking Equifax’s decision to delay disclosing the breach for more than a month. “Equifax gave criminals a 40-day head start to use the information they had stolen while the rest of us were left in the dark,” she said. She also said that Equifax “provided confusing and misleading information about” whether consumers’ sensitive data had been stolen. ",1
1673,Trump choice for Russia ambassador: 'No question' Russia meddled,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former Utah Governor Jon Huntsman, President Donald Trump’s nominee to be ambassador to Russia, said on Tuesday there was “no question” Moscow meddled in the 2016 U.S. election, and pledged to bring up the matter with the Russian government. “There is no question, underline no question, that the Russian government interfered in the U.S. election last year, Huntsman, a former ambassador to China, said at his Senate confirmation hearing. “Moscow continues to meddle in the democratic processes of our friends and allies,” he said, taking a tough line welcomed by several members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Many members of Congress, including several of Trump’s fellow Republicans, are concerned the president will not take a hard enough line in dealings with Russia to combat Russian expansionism in eastern Europe or its support for Syria’s government in that country’s civil war. Despite Trump’s objections, lawmakers in late July passed a tough package of sanctions on Russia that included barring him from easing them without congressional approval. Huntsman said he thought any action on sanctions should be tied to whether Russia ends its aggression in Ukraine. Russia has denied interfering in the election, but U.S. intelligence agencies’ conclusion that it did so to boost Trump’s chances of being elected have shadowed his presidency. Congressional committees and a special counsel are investigating whether Trump associates colluded with Russia. The White House has denied any collusion and Russia has denied any involvement. Huntsman said he would raise the issue with Russian authorities. “I will also not hesitate to remind government officials that they are accountable for their actions. Exhibit A is the fact that interference in the U.S. election has led directly to the current low level of trust in the relationship,” he said. He also said he would try to work with Moscow in areas where the two countries have common interests, such as international efforts to curb North Korea’s nuclear weapons and ballistic missile development. Huntsman, 57, served as ambassador to Beijing under President Barack Obama, a Democrat, and to Singapore under former Republican President George H.W. Bush. The committee will likely vote to support Huntsman in the coming weeks, paving the way for what is expected to be an easy confirmation by the full Senate. Senator Chris Coons, a Democratic committee member, called Huntsman “one of the very highest quality nominees for an ambassadorial post I have seen.”  ",1
1674,Senate Republican tax chief wants dividend deduction in tax reform,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate’s top Republican on tax policy said on Tuesday that allowing U.S. corporations to deduct dividend payments to shareholders from federal income tax could overcome problems facing Republican efforts to overhaul the U.S. tax code. In a statement at the outset of a tax reform hearing, Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch said he sees the proposal known as “corporate integration” as a way to end the perceived double taxation of U.S. companies through tax legislation that would also reduce the statutory U.S. corporate income tax rate, which now stands at 35 percent. “This idea – whether it applies fully or in some other limited way – can help address a number of the problems we’re trying to solve with comprehensive tax reform,” said Hatch, a member of the “Big Six” tax policy makers from the Trump administration and Congress who are expected to issue a tax reform blueprint next week.      ",1
1675,Hedge fund manager shuts firm to explore run for Connecticut governor,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - David Stemerman is winding down his hedge fund firm to explore a run for governor of Connecticut, according to a letter sent to clients of Conatus Capital Management LP on Tuesday. “Connecticut – home to my family and business – is in crisis,” Stemerman wrote in the note, which was viewed by Reuters. “I am deeply concerned that a small number of people in our state are thriving while many are struggling to make ends meet,” the Greenwich-based Republican added. “I do not claim to have all of the answers, but as an outsider with a fresh perspective, I believe that I can bring a different approach.”  The next election for governor in Connecticut is in November 2018. The news was previously reported by Bloomberg News. Conatus started in 2008 with about $2.3 billion in assets under management and followed a classic fundamental stock selection strategy. The firm grew to manage about $3 billion by the start of 2014 but assets dropped to about $1.6 billion today, according to a person familiar with the situation.  Conatus’ main hedge fund gained more than 18 percent this year through August, the person said. Its average annual gain since inception was about 5.4 percent, according to Bloomberg. Stemerman also said in the letter that he planned to give startup money to a new fund planned by Conatus consumer industry head Amir Mokari. ",1
1676,U.S. Senate confirms Trump's pick for top Supreme Court lawyer,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Republican-controlled U.S. Senate on Tuesday confirmed President Donald Trump’s nominee to serve as his administration’s top advocate before the U.S. Supreme Court, overcoming united Democratic opposition. Noel Francisco, a Washington lawyer with strong conservative credentials who previously worked in Republican former President George W. Bush’s administration, was confirmed by the Senate as U.S. solicitor general on a vote of 50-47. All the Senate’s Democrats voted against him except for New Jersey’s Robert Menendez, who is currently on trial facing corruption charges in Newark. Francisco takes up his new position as the Supreme Court prepares to begin its new term on Oct. 2. The court has several potential blockbuster cases on its docket, including the challenge to Trump’s travel ban on people from six predominantly Muslim countries entering the United States. That case will be argued before the justices on Oct. 10. Francisco, who previously worked at the Jones Day law firm,  will now be overseeing the Justice Department’s defense of the ban and other major policy initiatives that are challenged in court. He has argued three cases at the Supreme Court. Most recently, he represented Republican former Virginia Governor Robert McDonnell in a successful attempt to throw out corruption convictions. The justices ruled in favor of McDonnell last year in an 8-0 ruling that could make it tougher to prosecute politicians for corruption. Francisco served as a White House lawyer from 2001 to 2003 and spent another two years in the Justice Department’s Office of Legal Counsel from 2003 to 2005. He previously worked as a clerk for the late Supreme Court conservative Justice Antonin Scalia. ",1
1677,Venture capitalists sue Trump admin over foreign entrepreneur rule delay,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A national association of U.S. venture capitalists filed suit against the Trump administration on Tuesday, claiming it illegally delayed a policy that would have allowed foreign entrepreneurs to stay in the United States to build their companies. The suit, filed in Washington, D.C. District Court by the National Venture Capital Association, argues that the Trump administration did not go through proper procedures when it delayed the Obama administration’s “International Entrepreneur” rule, which was due to go into effect in July and would have allowed some foreign start-up founders to stay in the United States for up to five years in hopes of growing their businesses. Instead, in July the Trump administration pushed back implementing the new rule to March 2018, and said it was “highly likely” the administration would ultimately rescind the rule. In delaying the program’s start date, the Department of Homeland Security did not engage in the standard “notice and comment” period government agencies typically go through when changing regulations, or a delayed effective date. The DHS argued in July that doing so while the agency was likely to abolish the rule would be contrary to the public interest because it would sow confusion and waste resources and mean the immigration agency would have to expend limited resources to implement the rule. The suit claims that the administration’s actions violated the Administrative Procedure Act, which requires advance notice of new rules, and asks the court to stop the government from delaying the new rule and instead require it to begin accepting applications from foreign entrepreneurs. “The process followed by DHS in deciding to delay the effective date of the rule was the polar opposite of the careful, deliberative process DHS used to formulate the rule itself,” the suit argued. A DHS spokesman did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the suit. The NVCA was joined in the suit by several tech start-ups active in the United States but founded by foreign entrepreneurs who wanted to be able to stay in the country and work with their businesses through the entrepreneur rule but are now unable to. The Obama administration estimated fewer than 3,000 entrepreneurs would be eligible for the program each year. The rule would have applied to start-up founders who own a large portion of their companies. To qualify, the companies have to have already received significant investment from American investors or government grants. ",1
1678,Former White House aide Gorka joins pro-Trump campaign group,"LONDON (Reuters) - Sebastian Gorka, a former adviser to U.S. President Donald Trump who quit after top White House political strategist Steve Bannon was ousted, has joined a nationalist pro-Trump campaign organization, the group announced on Tuesday. The MAGA Coalition, dedicated to helping advance Trump’s “America First” principles, said it had hired Gorka as “Chief Strategist.” MAGA is headed by Adam Gingrich, a Pennsylvania political operative who backed Trump’s presidential campaign. A MAGA statement announcing Gorka’s appointment said its mission was to “identify the obstructionists in (Washington) DC and to advocate the America First principles that catapulted Donald Trump to the White House”. It quoted Gorka, 46, as condemning “DC swamp-dwellers thinking they know better than the people they represent”.  Gorka has been an outspoken advocate of tough U.S. anti-terrorism policies and in the past asserted that U.S. efforts to counter Islamic State and other jihadist propaganda were “pin-pricks and often counter-productive”. Prior to his time on Bannon’s White House team, Gorka was national security editor at Breitbart.com, the far-right website which Bannon headed before joining the White House and then rejoined after leaving the White House last month. Gorka, the son of Hungarian refugees who was born in Britain, also previously taught classes at the U.S. Marine Corps University. While at the White House, Gorka regularly appeared on cable news shows to promote Trump’s policies. But intelligence professionals and diplomats viewed him as an ideologue who lacked real-world experience.  In late August, the conservative Federalist website published a letter from Gorka saying he was resigning from the Trump Administration. But a White House official said in a statement: “Sebastian Gorka did not resign, but I can confirm he no longer works at the White House.”      ",1
1679,Anti-Assad nations say no to Syria reconstruction until political process on track,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The United States, Britain and other countries opposed to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad will not support the reconstruction of the country until there is a political transition “away from Assad,” British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said on Monday. The “Friends of Syria” group, an alliance of mainly Western and Gulf Arab countries, met in New York on Monday on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly at a time when the conflict in Syria, now in its seventh year, appears to be less urgent with attention focused on the North Korean nuclear threat and the fate of the Iran nuclear deal. “We believe that the only way forward is to get a political process going and to make it clear to the Iranians, Russians and Assad regime that we, the like-minded group, will not support the reconstruction of Syria until there is such a political process and that means, as Resolution 2254 says, to a transition away from Assad,” Johnson said. He was speaking after a meeting of about 14 countries that back the Syrian opposition including France, Saudi Arabia, Turkey and the United States.  The U.N. Security Council has adopted a Syria transition road map through a Geneva-led process. Russia joined the war on Assad’s behalf in 2015, turning the momentum in his favor. Assad also enjoys robust support from Iran and Lebanon’s Hezbollah. Meanwhile, the moderate Syrian opposition is moribund and the United States has largely stepped back from a leading role in Syrian diplomacy. Earlier this year the Trump administration also halted the CIA’s covert program to equip and train certain rebel groups fighting Assad. Acting Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern Affairs, David Satterfield, said all those at the meeting agreed that “there has got to be a political process if there is to be any international participation in the reconstruction of Syria.” “The regime and the regime supporters cannot declare a victory solely based on a map and colors of positions on the ground,” Satterfield said. “The reconstruction of Syria depends very much on that credible political process. That political process is focused on Geneva and the role of the United Nations.” The meeting on Monday was in stark contrast to last year’s which took place after a ceasefire deal between the United States and Russia effectively collapsed when an aid convoy was bombed in Aleppo, Syria’s largest city. Aleppo is now in the hands of Assad’s forces and Assad himself is in a much stronger position, thanks to Russian and Iranian support. The last major international attempt to resolve the crisis ended in failure when the International Syria Support Group (ISSG), which included Iran, was cast aside after Syrian government forces retook the rebel stronghold of Aleppo in 2016. Russia, Turkey and Iran have been negotiating separately for months in Astana to try to reduce the violence on the ground by creating de-escalation zones across the country, although those talks do not cover a long-term political solution “We discussed here how to bring it back to the U.N.-led process and Geneva,” Swedish Foreign Minister Margot Wallström told Reuters. Asked if there was consensus on that, she said “I would say so.”  “It’s good if the Astana process leads to de-escalation and a reduction of the violence but it has to lead into the political process.” Earlier on Monday, France warned that the status quo in Syria risked leading to the country’s permanent fragmentation and opening the door to new radical Islamist groups. Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian told reporters in New York he would hold a meeting with the four other permanent members of the Security Council - Britain, China, Russia and the United States - on Thursday to persuade them to create a contact group to give new impetus to end the seven-year conflict. Le Drian said “realism” dictated that Assad could not stay in power after millions of Syrians had fled the country due to the war, but that it was vital major powers worked together to help revive U.N.-brokered peace talks in Geneva. Dutch Foreign Minister Bert Koenders said the French contact group proposal was not discussed at the Friends of Syria meeting.  But Riyad Hijab, a prominent Syrian opposition leader, said he told French President Emmanuel Macron that the initiative was important in part because “of American withdrawal and Russia is dominating the entire process. So Mr. Macron’s initiative  is the right way to fix this because it’s vital all five (permanent Security Council members) are involved in the process.” ",1
1680,"In first visit, Trump urges reform so U.N. can meet full potential","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump criticized the United Nations for bloated bureaucracy and mismanagement on his first visit on Monday to U.N. headquarters, calling for “truly bold reforms” so it could be a greater force for world peace. Ahead of his maiden speech to the annual U.N. General Assembly on Tuesday, Trump hosted a short event to boost support for changes to the United Nations. “In recent years the United Nations has not reached its full potential because of bureaucracy and mismanagement, while the United Nations on a regular budget has increased by 140 percent and its staff has more than doubled since 2000,” Trump said. “The United Nations must hold every level of management accountable, protect whistleblowers and focus on results rather than on process,” Trump said.  “I am confident that if we work together and champion truly bold reforms the United Nations will emerge as a stronger, more effective, more just and greater force for peace and harmony in the world,” Trump said in his first remarks at the U.N. in New York since his inauguration as president in January. In a building where long statements are commonplace, Trump spoke for just four minutes.  Some 128 countries were invited to attend Monday’s reform meeting after signing on to a U.S.-drafted 10-point political declaration backing efforts by U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres “to initiate effective, meaningful reform.” U.N. Security Council veto powers Russia and China did not sign the declaration.  Businessman Trump, who complained during his 2016 election campaign about the United States paying a disproportionate amount of money to the United Nations, made the point again on Monday. “We must ensure that no one and no member state shoulders a disproportionate share of the burden and that’s militarily or financially.”  The United States is the biggest U.N. contributor, providing 22 percent of its $5.4 billion biennial core budget and 28.5 percent of its $7.3 billion peacekeeping budget. The contributions are agreed on by the 193-member General Assembly. Guterres, who also took office in January, told the meeting: “To serve the people we support and the people who support us, we must be nimble and effective, flexible and efficient.” He agreed that U.N bureaucracy was a problem that kept him up at night.     “Our shared objective is a 21st century U.N. focused more on people and less on process,” Guterres said. “Value for money while advancing shared values – that is our common goal.” Trump also said that all peacekeeping missions should “have clearly defined goals and metrics for evaluating success.” The United States is reviewing each of the U.N. peacekeeping missions as annual mandates come up for Security Council renewal in a bid to cut costs. The United States is a veto-wielding council member, along with Britain, France, Russia and China. On Sunday night, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson met with U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Filippo Grandi.  When asked if the U.N. refugee agency could perform its current missions if the United States cut its voluntary contributions to the budget, according to a pool report Grandi answered: “I would say no.” “U.S. aid is vital to what we do to support refugees around the world and to find solutions to their situations,” Grandi said. ",1
1681,New York governor wants credit-reporting firms to follow cyber rules,"WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Governor Andrew Cuomo said on Monday that he wants credit-reporting firms to comply with the state’s cyber-security regulations, the latest government official to crack down on the industry in the wake of the massive Equifax hack. Also on Monday, Bloomberg News reported that federal authorities have opened a criminal probe into stock sales by three Equifax Inc (EFX.N) executives before the company disclosed the massive data breach, news that has weighed heavily on the stock price. The company has said the executives were unaware of the hack when they sold the stock for $1.8 million.  Equifax’s legal woes worsened as the U.S Attorney’s office in Atlanta issued a statement saying it was working with the FBI on a criminal investigation into the breach and theft of personal information. Equifax shares rose 1.5 percent on Monday after losing about a third of their value since the hack was announced. The Equifax breach discovered on July 29 exposed sensitive data like Social Security numbers of up to 143 million people. Cuomo said he planned to require all credit-reporting agencies to register with the state and comply with its cyber-security rules.  The proposed regulation would take effect in February, Cuomo said in a statement. If the companies do not register, they risk being barred from doing business with financial companies regulated by New York state.  The state would be able to bar credit-reporting agencies, including TransUnion (TRU.N) and Experian Plc (EXPN.L), as well as Equifax, from doing business in New York if the state found they engaged in “unfair, deceptive or predatory practices,” Cuomo said. “The Equifax breach was a wake-up call,” Cuomo said. “And with this action, New York is raising the bar for consumer protections that we hope will be replicated across the nation.”  Proposed regulations are typically subject to a period for public comment before they become final. A New York state cyber-security regulation, the first of its kind in the United States, took effect on March 1. It requires financial firms to take measures to protect networks and customer data from hackers and disclose cyber events to regulators. Maine is the only U.S. state that requires credit agencies to register, said William Lund, superintendent of the Maine Bureau of Consumer Credit Protection. But its law does not cover cyber security, an issue the bureau will have to consider, Lund said. Maine, which has been registering credit-reporting agencies since the 1990s, has 30 such agencies on its roster, ranging from the largest to those dealing with everything from check approval to tenants’ rental histories, he added. The three credit-reporting agencies did not respond to requests for comment on Cuomo’s plan. Bloomberg reported on Monday that the U.S. Justice Department is investigating whether Equifax’s chief financial officer, John Gamble, and two other executives broke insider-trading rules by selling stock after the breach was discovered in July and weeks before it was disclosed this month. Reuters was not able to confirm the Bloomberg report. Separately, the company issued a statement saying a second Bloomberg report late on Monday about a second cyber attack in March referred to a breach at Equifax payroll unit that was previously reported to regulators, customers and consumers and also been covered by the press.  “Equifax complied fully with all consumer notification requirements related to the March incident. The two events are not related,” the statement said.  ",1
1682,"France defends Iran nuclear deal, which Trump calls deeply flawed","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - France made a new plea on Monday for the United States to preserve the 2015 Iran nuclear deal and suggested its provisions expiring after a decade could be strengthened, as U.S. President Donald Trump again criticized the agreement as “deeply flawed.” The pact between Tehran and six world powers, which calls for Iran to curb its nuclear program in return for relief from economic sanctions, is under threat as Trump must decide by Oct. 15 whether to certify Iran is keeping its end of the bargain. If Trump, who as recently as Thursday accused Iran of violating “the spirit” of the deal, chooses not to certify, the pact could unravel, possibly triggering a regional arms race. The Republican president, who has called the agreement struck under his Democratic predecessor, Barack Obama, “the worst deal ever negotiated,” made no secret of his views during a meeting with French President Emmanuel Macron. “The president believes that the JCPOA is deeply flawed, and he did share his views with President Macron about how he believes the deal is flawed,” Brian Hook, director of policy planning at the U.S. State Department, told reporters. The pact is formally called the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. “The president was very candid with him about what he thinks are the shortcomings. ... He told him that it is under review and that they are taking a hard look at the Oct. 15th decision and more broadly how to fix the Iran deal,” Hook said. Hook said the two also discussed an integrated strategy against Iran that would take into account what he described as Iran’s support for terrorism, its ballistic missile program, its destabilization in the Middle East and other aggressions. Asked if he planned to stick with the pact, Trump earlier told reporters as he began a meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Monday: “You’ll be seeing very soon.”Israeli officials have said changes Israel wants in the JCPOA include lengthening the 10-year freeze on Iran’s nuclear development program or even making that suspension permanent and destroying centrifuges rather than just halting their operation.  The deal was negotiated with Iran by the United States, Russia, China, Britain, Germany and France. The six will meet with Iran at the ministerial level on Wednesday.          The prospect of Washington reneging on the agreement has worried some of the U.S. allies that helped negotiate it, especially as the world grapples with another nuclear crisis, North Korea’s nuclear and ballistic missile development. “It is essential to maintain it to avoid proliferation. In this period when we see the risks with North Korea, we must maintain this line,” French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian told reporters. “France will try to convince President Trump of the pertinence of this choice (keeping the accord), even if work can be done to complement the accord after 2025,” he said. A senior French official said Trump had not given Macron an indication on whether he had made up his mind during their Monday bilateral.  However, the official said Macron had put on the table the prospect of new nuclear negotiations after 2025 during his bilateral with Iranian President Hasan Rouhani and warned him that Tehran should stop provoking the United States with its regional activities. “We feel the post 2025 subject is a red line, but our president put it on the table because it’s a concern and a legitimate request that we must make,” the official said. “2025 will arrive quickly and we have to be ready before Jan 1. 2025, so he asked that we think together how to work on this question.”  If Trump does not certify that Iran is complying with the agreement, the U.S. Congress will have 60 days to decide whether to reimpose sanctions waived under the deal. Iran Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei warned on Sunday that Tehran would react strongly to any “wrong move” by Washington on the nuclear deal. Paris took one of the hardest lines against Tehran in the negotiations, but has been quick to restore trade ties and Macron has said repeatedly there is no alternative to the deal.  French officials say Iran is respecting the JCPOA and that, were the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) to say otherwise, a mechanism exists to reimpose sanctions. The IAEA is the body ensuring the accord is carried out, but the United States and Iran quarreled over how Tehran’s nuclear activities should be policed at an IAEA meeting on Monday after a U.S. call last month for wider inspections. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson argued on Friday that Washington must consider the full threat it says Iran poses to the Middle East when crafting its new policy toward Tehran. A senior French diplomat underlined that the nuclear deal was achieved in large part because it was not linked to all the other grievances the United States may have had with Iran. With Europeans not on the same page as the Trump administration, Iranian officials say they have an opportunity to divide the P5+1 group that negotiated the deal with Iran. A senior Iranian diplomat and a former nuclear negotiator said he believed the Europeans had no intention of following Trump’s overtly aggressive Iran policy. “They are wise. Look at the region. Crisis everywhere. From Iraq to Lebanon. Iran is a reliable regional partner for Europe, not only a trade partner but a political one as well,” the diplomat said. “European powers have been committed to the deal. The IAEA has repeatedly confirmed Iran’s commitment to the deal. Trump’s insistence on his hostile policy towards Iran will further deepen the gap among the P5+1 countries,” the diplomat said. ",1
1683,"As North Korea threat looms, Trump to address world leaders at U.N.","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - North Korea’s nuclear threat looms large this week over the annual gathering of world leaders at the United Nations in New York, where diplomats are eager to hear U.S. President Donald Trump address the 193-member body for the first time.  North Korean diplomats will have a front-row seat in the U.N. General Assembly for Trump’s speech on Tuesday morning, which will touch on the escalating crisis that has seen Trump and Pyongyang trade threats of military action.  Despite his skepticism about the value of international organizations and the United Nations in particular, Trump will seek support for tough measures against North Korea, while pressing his “America First” message to the world body. “This is not an issue between the United States and North Korea. This is an issue between the world and North Korea,” Trump’s national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, said on Friday. U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres - who, like Trump, took office in January - plans to meet separately with “concerned parties,” including North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong-ho, on the sidelines of the 72nd General Assembly. “The solution can only be political. Military action could cause devastation on a scale that would take generations to overcome,” Guterres warned on Wednesday.  A week ago, the 15-member U.N. Security Council unanimously adopted its ninth sanctions resolution since 2006 over North Korea’s nuclear and ballistic missile programs.  U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said U.N. sanctions had banned 90 percent of the Asian state’s publicly reported exports, saying of Pyongyang on Friday: “This is totally in their hands on how they respond.” Haley told CNN’s “State of the Union” program on Sunday that Washington had “pretty much exhausted” its options on North Korea at the Security Council. Ri is due to address the General Assembly on Friday. Some leaders will also push Trump not to give up on a 2015 deal curbing Iran’s nuclear ambitions in return for a lifting of U.N., U.S. and European sanctions, while Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said it was time to “fix it - or cancel it.” The foreign ministers of Iran, the United States, Britain, Germany, Russia, China and France - the parties to the agreement - are due to meet on Wednesday ahead of an October deadline for Trump to tell Congress if he believes Tehran is sticking to what he has described as “the worst deal ever negotiated.” When asked on Friday what Moscow’s message would be for Washington, Russia’s U.N. ambassador, Vassily Nebenzia, said: “Stay in the JCPOA (the nuclear deal).” A senior U.N. Security Council diplomat, speaking on condition of anonymity, said: “We are faced with real uncertainties with respect to North Korea and it’s a bit dangerous ... to add another source of uncertainty with respect to Iran.” Iran’s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said on Sunday his country would not be bullied by the United States and would react strongly to any “wrong move” by Washington on the nuclear deal.  Iran and North Korea will also feature heavily during a ministerial Security Council meeting on Thursday, at the request of the United States, to discuss the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.  While leaders and diplomats are also due to meet on longer-running crises including Libya, Syria, South Sudan, Mali, Central African Republic, Yemen and Iraq, a last-minute addition has been Myanmar, where the United Nations has branded violence against Rohingya Muslims as “ethnic cleansing.”  Britain is due to host a ministerial meeting on Monday to seek a way to get Myanmar authorities to end a military offensive in the country’s Rakhine state that has sent more than 400,000 minority Rohingya Muslims fleeing to Bangladesh. Following Trump’s announcement that the United States would withdraw from a landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, several high-level gatherings are planned on the sidelines of the General Assembly to bolster the deal. “Climate change is a serious threat,” Guterres told reporters. “Hurricanes and floods around the world remind us that extreme weather events are expected to become more frequent and severe, due to climate change.” U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson appeared to hold the door open for the United States to remain in the Paris climate accord “under the right conditions.” “The president said he is open to finding those conditions where we can remain engaged with others on what we all agree is still a challenging issue,” Tillerson said on CBS’ “Face The Nation” program on Sunday.  Trump will seek to boost support for reforming the United Nations, which he once called “a club for people to get together, talk and have a good time.” The United States is the largest U.N. contributor and Trump has complained that Washington pays too much. “The United Nations, of course, holds tremendous potential to realize its founding ideals, but only if it’s run more efficiently and effectively,” McMaster said on Friday.     ",1
1684,Democrats urge full review before Senate vote on Obamacare attack,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic leaders in the U.S. Congress on Monday demanded that lawmakers wait to find out the budgetary and healthcare impacts of a new, last-ditch legislative effort by Republicans to repeal Obamacare before voting on it. In their long-running war on former President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law, Senate Republicans are now proposing to replace it with a system that would give states money in block grants to run their own healthcare programs. Drafted by Republican Senators Lindsey Graham and Bill Cassidy, the bill was introduced last week. Graham and Cassidy said they were close to securing the votes needed for passage, but the bill’s outlook was uncertain. If approved, it would replace the 2010 Affordable Care Act, known informally as Obamacare, which Republicans have long seen as government overreach into the healthcare business. The Graham-Cassidy measure has revived a fight that many in Washington thought was over when an Obamacare repeal-and-replace bill flopped in the Senate in July, humiliating Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and President Donald Trump. Two Senate committees, including the powerful Finance Committee, on Monday announced they would hold hearings on the bill next week, the first public hearings all year for any Republican Senate proposal to overhaul Obamacare.  Republican Senator John McCain had called for a return to regular order and public hearings before voting against a repeal-and-replace bill in July. Senator Ron Wyden, the top-ranking Democrat on the Finance Committee hearing, said next week’s hearing “makes a mockery of regular order.” The Congressional Budget Office, a non-partisan fiscal analysis unit of Congress, said on Monday it will make a preliminary assessment of the bill’s impact next week. But it said it will not be able to estimate the impact on the deficit or changes in insurance coverage or premiums for several weeks. Worried Democrats seized on the statement to urge Republicans to wait for a full CBO score before holding a vote. “Have the courage and decency to wait for a CBO score,” Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said on the Senate floor on Monday. The House of Representatives is on a break this week. A delay to wait for a CBO analysis is something Republicans can ill afford since in two weeks Senate procedural rules will make it much more difficult for them to advance the legislation. A special parliamentary procedure that would allow the bill to move forward in the Senate with a simple majority of only 51 votes will expire in two weeks. After that, it would need 60 votes, like most Senate legislation. Republicans have a slim 52-vote Senate majority.  Schumer called Graham-Cassidy a “Frankenstein monster of a bill” that would be costly for some states. He said Democrats would use every procedural tool to slow or stop its passage. Stock prices fell for small hospital chains that have high corporate debt loads and that likely would be hurt under the plan’s probable decrease in government payments for patients. Community Health Systems closed down 35 cents, or 4.6 percent, to $7.26, and Tenet Healthcare fell $1.01, or 6.0 percent, at $15.72. Trump has been telephoning members of Congress in recent days urging action on dismantling Obamacare. McConnell has not promised to bring Graham-Cassidy to the floor for a vote, but he asked the CBO for a quick assessment. Not all the Senate’s conservatives back the bill. Senator Rand Paul said it did not go far enough to repeal Obamacare. Senator John Kennedy of Louisiana told reporters he was worried that the bill would allow some states to set up their own single-payer healthcare system. McCain and two other Republican senators, Lisa Murkowski and Susan Collins, all of whom voted against the last Republican effort to repeal Obamacare, were said by aides to be undecided on the latest proposal. Collins, of Maine, told reporters she was still analyzing the measure, but listed several concerns, including possibly higher insurance premiums for older Americans. She said the Maine Hospital Association calculated her state would receive a billion dollars less in Medicaid and other federal healthcare spending over the next decade under the bill, and “that obviously is of great concern to me.”  But if it can get through the Senate, the plan may have a chance in the House of Representatives, also controlled by Republicans. Past Republican proposals to dismantle Obamacare have been hampered, in part, by CBO estimates that showed the bills would have left millions more Americans without health insurance. Obama’s healthcare reform has provided health benefits to 20 million Americans. ",1
1685,U.S. Senate to hold hearing on Republican healthcare proposal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A powerful U.S. Senate committee will hold a hearing on the latest proposed healthcare bill to overhaul Obamacare next week, the first public hearing all year on any Republican effort to gut the healthcare law.  Orrin Hatch, the Republican chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, said on Monday the hearing would take place on Sept. 25 to “examine the details of the Graham-Cassidy proposal.” The Senate must vote on the bill by Sept. 30 to be able to pass it with a simple majority of 51 votes.  ",1
1686,Trump campaign adviser was wiretapped under secret court orders: CNN,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. investigators wiretapped former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort under secret court orders before and after the 2016 election, CNN reported on Monday. The New York Times, citing two people close to the case, also reported that prosecutors told Manafort they planned to indict him. Federal agents had raided Manafort’s Virginia house in July. Manafort is one of several close advisers who helped President Donald Trump win the 2016 election and who are now being investigated as part of Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s probe of alleged Russian interference in the U.S. vote. Manafort became Trump’s campaign manager in June 2016 but was forced to resign two months later amid reports of his business relationship with the Kremlin-backed former Ukrainian leader, Viktor Yanukovich. Manafort’s attorney and the White House did not immediately respond to Reuters’ requests for comment on the stories. The secret court that oversees warrant requests under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act initially authorized monitoring of Manafort but discontinued it at some point in 2016 for lack of evidence, CNN said, citing one of its sources. The FBI resumed surveillance under a new FISA warrant at some point last year and continued to monitor him into 2017, CNN said. The second warrant was obtained as part of the FBI’s investigation into ties between Trump campaign associates and Russian operatives, it said. FISA warrants require the approval of top FBI and Justice Department officials, and law enforcement has to demonstrate to the court that there is reason to believe that the subject of the investigation may be acting as an agent of a foreign power. CNN said interest in Manafort deepened because of intercepted communications between him and Russian operatives, and among the Russians. The government eavesdropping continued into 2017, including a period when Manafort was known to talk to Trump after he became president. CNN said it was unclear if Trump was picked up on the surveillance. The FBI was not listening in June 2016 when Donald Trump Jr., Manafort and top White House adviser Jared Kushner met with a Russian lawyer who had promised to deliver negative information on Trump’s rival, Democrat Hillary Clinton, CNN said. Russia has denied interfering in the U.S. election and Trump has denied there was collusion. ",1
1687,Senate backs massive increase in military spending,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate passed its version of a $700 billion defense policy bill on Monday, backing President Donald Trump’s call for a bigger, stronger military but setting the stage for a battle over government spending levels later this year. The Republican-controlled chamber voted 89-8 for the National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2018, or NDAA, which authorizes the level of defense spending and sets policies controlling how the money is spent. The Senate bill provides about $640 billion for the Pentagon’s main operations, such as buying weapons and paying the troops, and some $60 billion to fund the conflicts in Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria and elsewhere. The 1,215-page bill includes a wide range of provisions, such as a 2.1 percent military pay raise and $8.5 billion to strengthen missile defense, as North Korea conducts nuclear weapons and ballistic missile tests. It also bans Moscow-based Kaspersky Labs products from federal government use.  The House of Representatives passed its version of the NDAA at a similar spending level in July. The two versions must be reconciled before Congress can  consider a final version. A fight over spending is expected because Senate Democrats have vowed to block big increases in funds for the military if spending caps on non-defense programs are not also eased. The versions of the bill increase military spending well beyond last year’s $619 billion, defying “sequestration” spending caps set in the 2011 Budget Control Act. Trump wants to find more money for the Pentagon by slashing nondefense spending. His fellow Republicans control majorities in both the House and Senate, but they will need support from Senate Democrats to change the rules and allow a bigger Pentagon budget. Senator John McCain, the Republican chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, has been shepherding the legislation through Congress as he undergoes treatment for an aggressive type of brain cancer. Arguing for increased spending, McCain said more men and women in uniform are dying in avoidable training accidents than in combat. “Where’s the outrage? Where’s our sense of urgency to deal with this problem?” he asked before the vote.  Both the Senate and House rejected Defense Secretary Jim Mattis’ plan to close more bases starting in 2021. Despite partisan divides that have kept Congress from passing much major legislation recently, the NDAA has been passed for 55 straight years.  Trump has criticized parts of the NDAA, but has not threatened a veto. ",1
1688,Mattis to review if military accidents linked to budget caps,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Monday that he was working to see if there was a link between a spate of recent military accidents and budget caps, but said he could not draw a direct line at this time.  Since June, more than 70 U.S. service members have either been killed or injured in training or non-combat accidents, ranging from two naval collisions in Asia to a Marine Corps transport plane crash in rural Mississippi. “I am not willing to say right now that there is a direct line between sequestration and what has happened. I am willing to say ... we are going to take a very close look at that,” Mattis told reporters. Mattis said that he was looking at a number of broader issues to try and explain the large number of accidents, including whether there were cultural issues in the military. “We are almost hardwired to say “can do,” that is just the way we are brought up,” Mattis said. “But there comes a point in peacetime where you have to make certain you are not always saying we’re going to do more with less,” he added. Mattis said he was not concerned that military leaders felt pressured to say their troops were trained and ready, even if they were not.  The issue of U.S. military accidents was highlighted by a series of recent naval collisions.  A pre-dawn collision between guided-missile destroyer John S. McCain and a merchant vessel east of Singapore and Malaysia on Aug. 21 killed 10 sailors and was the fourth major incident in the U.S. Pacific Fleet this year. In June, another destroyer, the Fitzgerald, collided with a Philippine cargo ship, killing seven U.S. sailors. The secretary of the Navy and the chief of naval operations will appear before the Senate Armed Services Committee on Tuesday, where they are expected to face tough questions from lawmakers on the collisions and whether enough was done to avoid them. In a Sunday interview on CBS’ “Face the Nation” Senator John McCain, chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said recent military accidents were because of budget caps. “It’s because of a thing called sequestration, and our failure over the last eight years to make sure our military is prepared, equipped, trained,” McCain said. (Fixes typo in second paragraph to “plane”.) ",1
1689,Lawmakers want watchdog to probe Russian radio's 'propaganda' in U.S.,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Three Democratic lawmakers want the U.S. communications watchdog to investigate whether the Russian government-funded radio station and news site Sputnik violated government regulations by broadcasting programs aimed at influencing U.S. policies and elections. Sputnik radio began airing in the Washington area in late June at a sensitive time for relations between the United States and Russia with a special counsel and Congress looking into U.S. intelligence agency allegations that Moscow tried to swing the 2016 presidential election in Republican Donald Trump’s favor. Russia has repeatedly denied meddling in the election. The Federal Communications Commission has jurisdiction over broadcast radio and TV stations that use the public airwaves, but not over websites.    “In Washington, D.C., listeners need only tune their radios to 105.5 FM to hear the Russian government’s effort to influence U.S. policy,” the three lawmakers said in a statement. Representative Frank Pallone, the top Democrat on the Energy and Commerce Committee, and Representatives Anna Eshoo and Mike Doyle asked FCC chairman Ajit Pai to investigate. “This means the Kremlin’s propaganda messages are being broadcast over a license granted by the FCC,” the U.S. House of Representative members said. A spokesman for Pai declined to comment. FCC Commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, said: “These are important questions. They deserve answers.” Sputnik did not immediately respond to requests seeking comment. Reuters reported in April a Russian government think tank controlled by Vladimir Putin developed a plan to swing the election and undermine American voters’ faith in their electoral system, citing three current and four former U.S. officials. Russia dismissed the report as false. Reuters reported that in March 2016 the Kremlin instructed state-backed media outlets, including international platforms Russia Today, now known as RT, and the Sputnik news agency, to start producing positive reports on Trump’s quest for the U.S. presidency, the officials said. Sputnik in April rejected the assertions by the U.S. officials that it participated in a Kremlin campaign as an “absolute pack of lies.” RT said in an online story last week that the Justice Department had demanded that the company providing production and operations services for RT America register under the Foreign Agents Registration Act (FARA). Last week, Yahoo News reported the FBI has questioned a former White House correspondent for Sputnik news agency as part of a probe to determine if the company is acting as an arm of the Russian government, which could violate FARA. Sputnik told Yahoo News that “any assertion that Sputnik is anything but a credible news outlet is false.” ",1
1690,U.S. to appeal ruling blocking Trump funding cuts on sanctuary cities,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The U.S. Justice Department on Monday said it would appeal a court order blocking President Donald Trump’s executive order that sought to restrict federal funds for so-called sanctuary cities. U.S. District Judge William Orrick III of San Francisco earlier this year ruled that Trump’s sanctuary cities order was likely unconstitutional and stopped it from taking effect.  Trump issued the order in January, shortly after he was inaugurated, directing that funding be slashed to all jurisdictions that refuse to comply with a statute that requires local governments to share information with U.S. immigration authorities. Sanctuary cities generally offer safe harbor to illegal immigrants and often do not use municipal funds or resources to enforce federal immigration laws. Dozens of cities and other local governments, including New York, Los Angeles and Chicago, have joined the growing “sanctuary” movement. The Trump administration contends local authorities endanger public safety when they decline to hand over for deportation illegal immigrants arrested for crimes. California’s Santa Clara County - which includes the city of San Jose and several smaller Silicon Valley communities - sued over Trump’s order, saying it was unconstitutional. San Francisco filed a similar lawsuit. They argued Trump’s order could improperly choke off vast swaths of federal funding for sanctuary cities. ",1
1691,Democrats to study every option to halt Obamacare repeal bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said on Monday his party would look at “every single option” to halt a last-ditch effort by Republicans to repeal and replace former President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law. “We’re going to explore every single option,” Schumer told a news conference to underscore Democratic opposition to a bill introduced by Republican Senators Lindsey Graham and Bill Cassidy that proposes replacing the 2010 Affordable Care Act. Republicans face a two-week countdown before Senate procedural rules make it much harder for them to advance their latest bill. ",1
1692,"U.S. to send over 3,000 troops to Afghanistan: Mattis","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Monday the United States would send over 3,000 troops to Afghanistan and that most were either on their way or had been notified of their deployment. “It is exactly over 3,000 somewhat and frankly I haven’t signed the last of the orders right now as we look at specific, small elements that are going,” Mattis told reporters.  Reuters previously reported that the United States would send about 3,500 additional troops to Afghanistan. ",1
1693,CBO says won't specify insurance impact of Republican healthcare bill next week,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Congressional Budget Office said on Monday it will not be able to provide specific estimates of the impact on insurance coverage or premiums in a preliminary assessment of a Republican healthcare bill it plans to release by early next week. “CBO will provide as much qualitative information as possible about the effects of the legislation, however CBO will not be able to provide point estimates of the effects on the deficit, health insurance coverage, or premiums for at least several weeks,” the non-partisan agency said in a statement about the Graham-Cassidy healthcare proposal. ",1
1694,Democrats push for full analysis of latest Republican healthcare bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic leaders in Congress on Monday called for the Congressional Budget Office to conduct a full analysis of Republicans’ latest healthcare bill aimed at repealing and replacing Obamacare, not just a slimmer budgetary analysis. “Republicans are reportedly hoping to rush to a vote with only a scant budget assessment, before the CBO can expose the full consequences of the legislation for working families, without any hearings or committee markups,” Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer, House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi and two top committee Democrats said in a letter. ",1
1695,Opponents sharpen knives over impending U.S. payday loan rule,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Lobbyists and Republican lawmakers are gearing up for battle over a new U.S. regulation that is likely to dent profits in the $6 billion short-term, high-interest “payday” loan industry.  The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) is expected in coming days to release a long-anticipated rule curbing payday lending, now that a final review by other regulatory agencies has concluded, three people familiar with the matter said. The rule pits the country’s consumer financial watchdog against payday lenders who say the new regulation will wipe out much of their established industry, currently overseen by the states, and push poor and rural customers to use illegal loan sharks.  “We are likely, on our part, to take the appropriate actions that we can to see this rule never becomes effective, and that includes a possible lawsuit,” said Dennis Shaul, chief executive of the Community Financial Services Association of America (CFSA), a payday lending trade group. The group says the rule-drafting process was flawed because the agency did not listen to borrowers or properly process comment letters - an argument that could form the basis of potential litigation. The CFPB has declined to comment on its procedure or on the final rule, but public records show it closely followed the law throughout the rulemaking process. Meanwhile, President Donald Trump’s Republican party, which says the CFPB goes too far in its regulations, wants to undo the rule through legislation. Recently, Republicans in the House of Representatives added a “rider,” or amendment, to a spending bill banning the CFPB from regulating the payday loan industry. They are also poised to repeal the rule under the Congressional Review Act and bar the CFPB from ever drafting a similar regulation, according to aides and lobbyists. Borrowers take out the small, short-term loans to cover emergencies and traditionally repay them with their next paychecks. Because the loans can carry interest rates as high as 390 percent, borrowers can become trapped in devastating cycles of taking out new loans to pay outstanding ones, the CFPB said.  The agency began drafting the rule last summer to end this “debt trap,” by requiring lenders to conduct background checks showing borrowers can afford the loans and to limit the number of loans made to a single borrower.  “The rule that we’re expecting will do a lot to combat the debt cycle,” said Karl Frisch, head of Allied Progress, a consumer advocacy group. ",1
1696,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (Sept 18) - U.S. Air Force, CIA","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - Happy 70th Birthday @USAirForce!  [0914 EDT] - Happy 70th Birthday @CIA!  [0916 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
1697,"Trump, Nikki Haley to share U.S. spotlight at U.N. gathering","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - When President Donald Trump takes the world stage at the United Nations for the first time this week, he will share the spotlight with his envoy Nikki Haley, who has emerged as the surprising public face of U.S. foreign policy. Haley, the 45-year-old former South Carolina governor, has proven to be a high-profile member of Trump’s administration, at times overshadowing Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, the former chief executive of Exxon Mobil Corp, despite her lack of previous foreign policy experience, diplomats say. “For the U.S., Nikki Haley is remarkable. It’s hard to find in the Trump administration. It’s someone who is very approachable and politically very assertive,” said a senior European diplomat, speaking on condition of anonymity.  “I see her potentially taking over from Tillerson at some point. It’s clear her long-term objective is the presidency,” the diplomat said.  Haley dismisses speculation she could replace Tillerson, the country’s top diplomat, who has at times publicly differed with Trump during the president’s eight months in the White House. On Sunday, she told CNN that Tillerson is “not going anywhere and I continue to work well with him.” Trump’s speech on Tuesday at the U.N. General Assembly will be his highest profile opportunity to explain his foreign policy vision couched in his America First agenda. Haley arrived at the 193-member world body in January pledging to “take names” of allies who did not have Washington’s back. Trump administration officials say the president, happy with her performance, views her as both tough and smart. He speaks regularly with Haley, his fellow Republican, one U.S. administration official said.  Twice in five weeks she persuaded the 15-member U.N. Security Council to unanimously boost sanctions on North Korea. Her blunt language has raised eyebrows among diplomats. At the same time she has been careful not to steal the limelight from Trump, a wealthy businessman and former reality television star. “I personally think he slaps the right people, he hugs the right people, and he comes out with the U.S. being very strong in the end,” Haley told White House reporters on Friday. European Council on Foreign Relations U.N. expert Richard Gowan said Haley’s success could make Trump nervous and that it would be a “bad deal for her” if she was asked to replace Tillerson as secretary of state.   “She would lose the independence she enjoys in New York and (it would) tie her more closely to the president’s agenda. But it is an offer that she could not refuse. It’s an irony that the one way Trump can hurt Haley is to promote her,” he said.  Haley credits Trump with any U.S. achievements at the United Nations. After the Security Council toughened sanctions on North Korea this month, she praised his “strong relationship” with his Chinese counterpart for the result. When he dismissed the Sept. 11 U.N. resolution, which had been weakened by China and Russia, as “just another very small step, not a big deal,” Haley jumped to his defense and dismissed any suggestion they were not on the same page. “If we have to go further, this is going to look small compared to what we do,” she said at the time. Haley has made her mark also by fighting what she describes as U.N. anti-Israel bias, pushing for U.N. reform amid Trump’s call to slash U.S. funding, accusing Iran of meddling in the Middle East and challenging Russia over Ukraine and its support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. A senior administration official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said that during a National Security Council meeting on Iran this month, Trump specifically asked Haley’s opinion about what strategy to pursue. “She gave her opinion, and he liked her point of view,” the official said. “She wasn’t afraid to speak up.” A senior Iranian official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said, “This lady for some reason is very angry with Iran.” Before her selection as ambassador, Haley made national headlines when as governor she led a successful effort to remove the Confederate battle flag, viewed by many as a racist emblem, from the grounds of the South Carolina state capitol after the killing of nine black churchgoers in her state. During the 2016 presidential campaign Haley sparred with Trump, backing one of his rivals before he became the Republican candidate. The daughter of immigrants from India, Haley took Trump to task over his harsh campaign rhetoric about illegal immigration and for not speaking forcefully enough against white supremacists. When last month Trump inflamed tensions by saying that counter-protesters were also to blame for a deadly rally by white nationalists in Virginia, Haley spoke up, telling U.S. media she had a “personal conversation” with him about it.  Without naming Trump she wrote to staff at the U.S. mission to the United Nations to say that everyone must stand up and condemn hate. ",1
1698,Ex-Trump aide Flynn's family creates fund for 'enormous' legal fees,"(Reuters) - Relatives of former national security adviser Michael Flynn have set up a fund to help pay for his legal defense against federal and congressional investigations into potential collusion between Donald Trump’s presidential campaign and Russia. The fund was established by Flynn’s brother Joe and sister Barbara Redgate, who said in a statement the “enormous expense” of legal fees had put a “tremendous financial burden on our brother Mike and his family.” They asked supporters of the retired U.S. general, “veterans, and all people of goodwill” to contribute to the fund, which will collect donations from U.S. citizens through a newly created website, according to the statement. Flynn, a central figure in a federal probe led by special counsel Robert Mueller, as well as a focal point of congressional investigations, broke a months-long silence to thank his siblings for their support on Twitter. “Lori and I are very grateful to my brother Joe and sister Barbara for creating a fund to help pay my legal defense costs,” Flynn said in a tweet, referring to his wife Lori. Flynn was fired by Trump as national security adviser after less than a month on the job. The firing came 18 days after a senior Justice Department official warned that Flynn could be blackmailed because Moscow knew he made misleading statements about his contacts with Russian officials. Flynn in August reported income of at least $1.8 million,  according to an amended financial disclosure form, which included paid speaking engagements to Russian entities, including the Kremlin-funded RT TV and Volga-Dnepr Airlines and payments for lobbying for the Turkish government. Investigators are looking at whether payments from foreign clients to Flynn and his company, the now-inactive Flynn Intel Group, were lawful, sources have told Reuters. ",1
1699,Six Dreamers sue Trump administration over DACA decision,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - San Diego attorney Dulce Garcia has regularly defended clients in immigration court. Now, she is the one seeking legal relief.  Brought to the United States illegally by her parents as a child, Garcia is one of six immigrants who sued the Trump administration on Monday over its decision to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, program. Since it was authorized in 2012 by President Barack Obama, the program has provided protection from deportation and the right to work legally to nearly 800,000 young people.  Garcia’s case, filed in San Francisco federal court, is the first to be brought by DACA recipients, known as Dreamers, since U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced earlier this month that the Obama-era policy would start winding down in March 2018, according to Garcia’s lawyers.   It is among several lawsuits challenging the decision to end DACA, including two cases brought by state attorneys general. The legal claims in all of the cases, including Garcia’s, are similar: that the Trump administration did not follow proper administrative procedure in rescinding DACA, and that making enforcement promises to a group of people, only to revoke them, violates due process.  The Trump administration has said it is ending DACA because Obama overstepped his constitutional authority when he bypassed Congress and created the DACA program unilaterally. President Donald Trump called on Congress to enact a law to protect DACA recipients and last week angered some of his fellow Republicans by negotiating with top congressional Democratic leaders on possible legislation. During the 2016 presidential election Trump ran on a hardline immigration platform, promising to end DACA and strengthen border protections in order to increase jobs for U.S. workers.  The daughter of a hotel housekeeper and a welder, Garcia arrived in Southern California from Mexico at the age of 4. A few years later, she said, her family was ousted from their apartment because the property contained illegal units. “We were living out of my dad’s truck for a little bit there,” she said. Garcia decided to become an attorney after working for a criminal defense lawyer in high school. She put herself through school working for lawyers and performing other jobs such as parking cars. After Obama announced DACA in 2012, Garcia, now 34, seized the opportunity. When she filled out forms for a social security number in 2013, the government clerk congratulated her. “I cried right there,” she said. The case on behalf of Garcia and other DACA recipients could be heard with two separately filed San Francisco DACA cases, one brought by the University of California and the other by a group of state attorneys general, led by California’s Xavier Becerra. Another group of attorneys general, led by New York’s Eric Schneiderman, filed a lawsuit over DACA on September 6 in Brooklyn federal court.  Legal experts have said court challenges to Trump’s decision could face an uphill battle because a president typically has wide authority in implementing immigration policy. Jirayut “New” Latthivongskorn, another plaintiff in the lawsuit on Monday, was brought to the United States from Thailand when he was nine. Latthivongskorn is now a fourth year medical student at University of California San Francisco and a master’s degree candidate in public health at Harvard. His DACA work authorization expires in January 2019.  His medical residency is not set to begin until a few months after that, and could be impossible if he loses his authorization to work legally. “I have all these big ideas about how I want to change the world and change systems around health care,” he said. “The fact I might not be able to get there is troubling and frustrating.” Garcia said that having to advise some of her DACA clients that there may be no help for them while at the same time trying to address her own immigration status takes a toll.  “That’s a reason why I don’t do exclusively immigration law,” she said. “It would wear me down too fast.”",1
1700,"Emmy winners throw jabs at Trump, Spicer wheels into spotlight","LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - The Emmy awards show was peppered with political jokes and pointed speeches on Sunday, as host Stephen Colbert took shots at U.S. President Donald Trump, Sean Spicer made a surprise appearance and Trump won an Emmy - sort of.  Alec Baldwin, who won a comedy supporting actor Emmy for parodying Trump on NBC’s sketch series “Saturday Night Live,” accepted his award on stage and said, “I suppose I should say, at long last Mr. President, here is your Emmy.”  Trump’s lack of an Emmy win during his long-running stint hosting NBC’s “The Apprentice” and “The Celebrity Apprentice” has been a sore spot for the now president, who has bemoaned not winning in previous years.  Colbert opened Sunday’s Emmys ceremony with a musical number that touched on climate change, news media and included Julia Louis-Dreyfus, dressed as her foul-mouthed fictitious president Selina Meyer from “Veep,” singing “Imagine if your president was not beloved by Nazis.”   Colbert later poked fun at Trump, calling him “the biggest TV star of the last year,” and criticizing the television academy for not previously giving Trump an Emmy award.  “Why didn’t you give him an Emmy? If he had won an Emmy, I bet he wouldn’t have run for president,” Colbert quipped.      Many of the stars taking the Emmys stage on Sunday also threw jabs at the president.  Donald Glover, who won two Emmys including best comedy actor for his FX show “Atlanta,” joked on stage, “I want to thank Trump for making black people number one on the most oppressed list, he’s the reason I’m up here I think.” Louis-Dreyfus, who won best comedy actress for a record sixth time for her role as Meyer on “Veep,” said of the upcoming season, “We did have whole storyline about an impeachment, but we abandoned that because we were worried that someone else might get to it first.”     Former White House press secretary Spicer walked onto the Emmy stage wheeling a podium and stunning the star-studded audience, including Melissa McCarthy, who won a guest actress Emmy for portraying him on NBC’s “Saturday Night Live.”  “This will be the largest audience to witness an Emmys, period, both in person and around the world,” Spicer said while pointing his finger at Colbert.  “Wow, that really soothes my fragile ego,” the host deadpanned, before pointing at Spicer and saying, “Melissa McCarthy everyone, give it up,” as Spicer laughed and shook his head. Spicer burst onto the public stage in January as Trump’s first press secretary, with a scolding rant against reporters accusing them of lowballing the size of the Inauguration Day crowd. He left the White House this summer, sparking a flurry of speculation as to his next career move.  ",1
1701,Fight over electoral district boundaries heads to Supreme Court,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - It is a political practice nearly as old as the United States - manipulating the boundaries of legislative districts to help one party tighten its grip on power in a move called partisan gerrymandering - and one the Supreme Court has never curbed. That could soon change, with the nine justices making the legal fight over Republican-drawn electoral maps in Wisconsin one of the first cases they hear during their 2017-2018 term that begins next month. Their ruling in the case could influence American politics for decades. Wisconsin officials point to the difficulty of having courts craft a workable standard for when partisan gerrymandering violates constitutional protections. Opponents of the practice said limits are urgently needed, noting that sophisticated technological tools now enable a dominant party to devise with new precision state electoral maps that marginalize large swathes of voters in legislative elections. “There is a sense that something has gone amiss with American democracy, that there is this effort to rig the rules of the game,” said Michael Li, an expert in redistricting at New York University School of Law’s Brennan Center for Justice. “Gerrymandering used to be a dark art, and now it’s a dark science.” The justices will hear arguments on Oct. 3 in Wisconsin’s appeal of a lower court ruling that found that the electoral map drawn by state Republicans ran afoul of the U.S. Constitution. The map, drawn after the 2010 U.S. census, enabled them to win a sizable majority of Wisconsin legislative seats despite losing the popular vote statewide to the Democrats. The party’s majority has widened since.  The justices must decide whether courts should have a say in such matters. The Supreme Court for decades has been willing to invalidate state electoral maps on the grounds of racial discrimination but never those drawn simply to give one party an advantage. The justices have never settled on a standard by which partisan gerrymandering claims can be measured. In a 2004 case, Justice Anthony Kennedy left the door open for a “workable standard” to eventually be found. Kennedy, a conservative who sometimes sides with the liberal justices on a court with a 5-4 conservative majority, could cast the deciding vote in the Wisconsin case.  A federal three-judge panel ruled 2-1 last November that Wisconsin’s redistricting plan violated the U.S. Constitution’s 14th Amendment guarantee of equal protection under the law and First Amendment right to freedom of expression and association. Over the decades, both Republicans and Democrats have been accused of gerrymandering. Since 2010, Republicans’ control of redistricting has coincided with major seat advantages for them in state legislatures, the Brennan Center said.  It is not just Republicans who are accused of abuses. Republican voters sued over districts drawn by Democratic lawmakers in Maryland and have appealed to the Supreme Court. State and federal legislative district boundaries are reconfigured after the U.S. government conducts a census every decade so that each one contains about same number of people, typically by the party that controls the state legislature. The Republican National Committee and several conservative groups have backed Wisconsin, but leading Republicans including Senator John McCain, 1996 presidential nominee Bob Dole and Ohio Governor John Kasich have joined critics who argue that partisan gerrymandering distorts the democratic process. ‘SOCIAL-SCIENCE HODGEPODGE’ Wisconsin Republicans argued that election results since their redistricting plan was passed in 2011 reflect the state’s political geography, with Democrats concentrated in cities like Milwaukee and Madison and Republicans more spread out around the state.  The state also took issue with metrics that the lower court used to determine that there was a significant partisan bias in the redistricting plan. This “social-science hodgepodge,” the state told the justices, makes it impossible for judges to fairly determine when an electoral map is unlawful.   “Plaintiffs’ social-science approach would sow chaos. Each legislatively drawn plan would be immediately challenged in federal court,” the state said in a legal brief to the justices. Nicholas Goedert, a Virginia Tech redistricting expert who testified in court for Wisconsin, said the metrics may be inappropriate because their results can change from one election to the next. Goedert noted that large shifts in the mood of voters can cause even highly biased electoral maps to flip. “Partisan maps have a tendency to backfire on the party that drew them,” Goedert said. The case began in 2015 when a dozen Wisconsin Democratic Party voters sued state election officials claiming the redistricting law intended to discriminate against them for their political beliefs and create enduring Republican majorities. They urged the justices to either greenlight the lower court’s method of deciding cases of partisan gerrymandering, or create their own.  “Government should treat voters equally regardless of their viewpoint and we have ways to measure it,” said Danielle Lang, an attorney for the plaintiffs. If the justices rule that courts must stay out of this highly political process, voters will lose, Lang said. “There would be no way for voters to rein in partisan gerrymandering, no way for voters to take back control of their government.” (For a graphic on Wisconsin state electoral maps, click tmsnrt.rs/2haOPD5) ",1
1702,"Tillerson, Russia's Lavrov discuss Syria, Ukraine, Middle East","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson discussed cooperation on the Syrian crisis, Middle East issues, and the agreement to bring peace to Ukraine in a meeting on Sunday, Lavrov’s spokeswoman said. Spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said “the meeting was on cooperation in Syria crisis, Middle East issues and Minsk agreement”. No other details were immediately available. The top Russian and U.S. diplomats met in New York on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly. ",1
1703,"Cohen, close Trump business adviser, to testify in Senate on Tuesday","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Michael Cohen, one of President Donald Trump’s closest business advisers, said on Sunday he would testify on Tuesday to the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee, as the panel investigates alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election. The timing of Cohen’s testimony was first reported by NBC. Cohen confirmed that he would testify to the committee on Tuesday and said he did not know whether it would be in a closed session or public. Aides to the committee’s leaders did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Cohen said previously he had received a subpoena from at least one of the congressional committees investigating what U.S. intelligence has determined were Russia’s efforts to influence the election on Trump’s behalf, and whether Trump associates colluded with Russia. Russia denies such activity. The White House denies any collusion, but concerns about the issue and Trump’s ties to Russia have shadowed the first months of the Republican’s presidency. Cohen, a personal attorney to Trump, would be one of a series of close associates of the president to testify in Congress. Members of both the Senate and House of Representatives committees conducting investigations have said they expect to call more. Trump’s oldest son, Donald Trump Jr., testified to the Senate Judiciary Committee earlier this month. ",1
1704,"Tillerson, Russia's Lavrov to meet on Sunday: U.S. State Dept","NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov will meet in New York on Sunday on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly, the U.S. State Department said in a brief statement. The State Department did not provide any details on what the two men would discuss during the 9 p.m. (0100 GMT on Monday) meeting. Possible topics include the 2015 Iran nuclear deal, the Syrian civil war and North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs. ",1
1705,"As Trump visits U.N., New York prepares for 'Super Bowl' of security","NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York police and a host of federal agencies are preparing for the annual traffic and security nightmare known as the United Nations General Assembly, featuring a week of speeches by U.S. President Donald Trump and a parade of other dignitaries. The meeting of the world’s top leaders and diplomats, scheduled to begin on Tuesday, will bring street closures, thousands of police officers and hundreds of protesters to midtown Manhattan, an area already plagued with gridlock on an average weekday. “It’s the equivalent of the Super Bowl of security,” said J. Peter Donald, a spokesman for the New York City Police Department. Trump will be on hand on Monday and Tuesday, when he will address the body of world leaders for the first time. It was not immediately clear whether he would stay at his Manhattan penthouse about a mile away from United Nations headquarters or sleep at his golf course in Bedminster, New Jersey. The event also comes just days after a homemade bomb on a packed commuter train in London injured 22 people, though it failed to fully explode. A handful of anti-Trump protests in New York have been scheduled, with more sure to come. A march on Monday to combat “white supremacy” will start from Grand Central Terminal, while the left-wing activist group Code Pink has organized a Tuesday march to the U.N. to protest Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. Other protesters will gather outside the U.N. to call out specific countries, including a rally against Iran President Hassan Rouhani. The NYPD’s elite counterterrorism unit, along with detectives from the intelligence bureau and officers from the aviation, harbor, highway and traffic units, will be on hand throughout the week. Donald said the department has plenty of “muscle memory” from previous years.  “It’s a full assortment of personnel from nearly every part of the police department,” Donald said. “We’ll be prepared for anything. We’ll have backup plans and backup plans for the backup plans.” The U.S. Secret Service, the FBI, the Department of Homeland Security and various other federal agencies are also involved in providing security during both Trump’s visit and the general assembly. Vast swaths of the area near the United Nations, on the far east side of midtown Manhattan, will be closed to vehicle traffic, and the Coast Guard will heavily restrict boat traffic on the East River. Police did not immediately offer an estimate on how much the week’s security and traffic measures would cost. ",1
1706,"Trump hits back at Clinton, with a golf ball, on Twitter","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Sunday retweeted a doctored video of himself taking a golf swing and hitting former Democratic presidential rival Hillary Clinton, who then stumbles as she boards a plane. Clinton had been back on the Republican president’s Twitter feed in recent days as she promoted “What Happened,” her new book about the 2016 presidential election, with Trump resuming his campaign attack of “Crooked Hillary.” The video, retweeted by several users, shows Trump on a golf course hitting a ball before segueing to the doctored shot of a golf ball hitting then-Secretary of State Clinton in the back as she is boarding a plane. The original video of Clinton, from 2011, does not show a golf ball. “Donald Trump’s amazing golf swing #CrookedHillary,” the tweet read.  Trump attacked Clinton directly last Wednesday in a pair of Twitter posts. “Crooked Hillary Clinton blames everybody (and every thing) but herself for her election loss,” he said. “She lost the debates and lost her direction! The ‘deplorables’ came back to haunt Hillary. They expressed their feelings loud and clear. She spent big money but, in the end, had no game!” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said later that day that Clinton was pushing “false narratives” in the book. Clinton admits mistakes during the campaign in the book but gives a harsh account of factors she believes led to Trump’s victory, including alleged interference by Russia on his behalf and former FBI Director James Comey announcement that investigators were looking at a new trove of emails related to Clinton. Clinton, who has been giving a series of interviews promoting the book, responded to Trump’s earlier criticism on Twitter with a suggestion that he read her earlier book, “It Takes a Village,” a picture book for children. A senior Democrat, U.S. Representative Adam Schiff, said the retweet did not make him question Trump’s recent outreach to Democrats but was disturbing. “It is distressing, though, to have a president that frankly will tweet and retweet things as juvenile as that,” Schiff said on ABC’s “This Week” program. “It doesn’t help, I think in terms of his stature, it doesn’t help in terms of the stature of our whole country.” ",1
1707,California lawmakers take anti-Trump stance as session ends,"SACRAMENTO, Calif. (Reuters) - California lawmakers voted to become a sanctuary state, tussled over hot-button environmental issues and urged other states to refuse to cooperate with President Donald Trump’s Election Integrity Commission as their legislative year ended early on Saturday.   The majority Democratic lawmakers headed back to their districts having positioned the state in opposition to conservative policies proposed by the Republican-dominated U.S. Congress and President Donald Trump on immigration, the environment and other issues. “It’s a purposeful positioning,” said political analyst Sherry Bebitch Jeffe, a senior fellow at the University of Southern California. “We have a different political path and a different ideological path than the Republican-controlled Congress and White House have.” This year, California lawmakers have strengthened protections for undocumented immigrants, increased the gasoline tax and extended a program aimed at compelling businesses to reduce air pollution, all in opposition to federal policies. Early on Saturday, lawmakers gave last-minute support to a bill barring local governments from forcing undocumented immigrants to spend extra time in jail just to allow enforcement officers to take them into their custody. The bill, a compromise from a version that sought to severely restrict interactions between law enforcement and immigration officials, does allow communities to notify the federal government if they have arrested an undocumented immigrant with a felony record. It also allows enforcement agents access to local jails. It came a day after a federal judge barred the U.S. Justice Department from denying public-safety grants to so-called sanctuary cities in retaliation for limiting cooperation with the Trump administration’s crackdown on illegal immigration. The bill goes now to Democratic Governor Jerry Brown for his signature.  Trump issued an executive order in January targeting funding for cities that offer illegal immigrants safe harbor by declining to use municipal resources to enforce federal immigration laws. A San Francisco judge blocked the order. Illinois’ Republican Governor signed a bill last month protecting people from being detained because they are the subject of an immigration-related warrant. Although California lawmakers have enacted several environmental protections this year, a measure aimed at weaning the state’s power grid entirely off fossil fuels by 2045 died for the year after lawmakers adjourned without voting on it. California’s three investor-owned utilities, Pacific Gas & Electric (PCG_pa.A), Southern California Edison (SCE_pe.A) and San Diego Gas & Electric [SDGE.UL], said the bill does not protect customers from the cost of switching from fossil fuels. Assemblyman Chris Holden, who held the measure in his Utilities and Energy Committee, said he would consider it again when the legislature returns in January for the second half of their two-year session. The legislature also passed a package of bills aimed at increasing the availability of affordable housing in the notoriously expensive state, and approved a plan for spending $1.5 billion in income from the state’s cap-and-trade air quality program, which raises money by selling businesses limited rights to emit pollutants. They passed a resolution condemning the election integrity commission, calling it an effort to suppress the voting rights of minorities and others, and voted to move up the state’s presidential primary from June to March. ",1
1708,"Defying Trump, California lawmakers vote to become 'sanctuary state'","(Reuters) - California lawmakers voted on Saturday to make the most populous U.S. state a so-called sanctuary by banning police from asking for the immigration status of people who have been arrested and limiting their cooperation with immigration officers. The measure was one of numerous bills passed on the last day of the legislature’s session this year, positioning California in opposition to conservative policies supported by the Trump Administration and the Republican controlled Congress. Illinois’ Republican Governor signed a bill last month protecting people from being detained simply because of their immigration status or because they are the subject of an immigration-related warrant. ",1
1709,California bill to wean power sector off fossil fuels dies for this year,"SACRAMENTO, Calif. (Reuters) - A long-shot plan to wean California’s power sector entirely off fossil fuels by 2045 was put on hold until 2018 on Saturday, as lawmakers recessed for the year without hearing the measure. The bill was strongly opposed by the state’s investor-owned utility companies, who said it would not protect consumers from  the expense of speeding up the switch to renewable and carbon neutral fuels.  Assemblyman Chris Holden, who held the measure in his Utilities and Energy Committee, said he would consider it again when the legislature returns in January for the second half of its two-year session. ",1
1710,"Trump says travel ban should be 'larger, tougher and more specific'","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday pushed back against efforts to rein in his administration’s ban on people entering the United States from six Muslim-majority countries that also limits refugees, saying the controversial ban should be even wider. “The travel ban into the United States should be far larger, tougher and more specific-but stupidly, that would not be politically correct!” Trump said on Twitter. His post comes ahead of a key Supreme Court hearing next month on the constitutionality of his executive order on the ban. ",1
1711,"Trump on Twitter (Sept 15): London attack, Chain migration, ESPN, U.S. Air Force","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump :     - With the ridiculous Filibuster Rule in the Senate, Republicans need 60 votes to pass legislation, rather than 51. Can’t get votes, END NOW![0637 EDT] - Another attack in London by a loser terrorist. These are sick and demented people who were in the sights of Scotland Yard. Must be proactive! [0642 EDT] - Loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner. The internet is their main recruitment tool which we must cut off & use better! [0648 EDT] - The travel ban into the United States should be far larger, tougher and more specific-but stupidly, that would not be politically correct! [0654 EDT] - We have made more progress in the last nine months against ISIS than the Obama Administration has made in 8 years. Must be proactive & nasty! [0700 EDT] - ESPN is paying a really big price for its politics (and bad programming). People are dumping it in RECORD numbers. Apologize for untruth! [0720 EDT] - CHAIN MIGRATION cannot be allowed to be part of any legislation on Immigration![0900 EDT] - WEEKLY ADDRESS bit.ly/2wgKaKi [1209 EDT]  - Frank “FX” Giaccio- On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania & myself, THANK YOU for doing a GREAT job this morning! @NatlParkService gives you an A+! bit.ly/2wheSmx [1249 EDT] - NEVER forget our HEROES held prisoner or who have gone missing in action while serving their country. Proclamation: 45.wh.gov/POWMIARecognitionDay [1502 EDT] - Our hearts & prayers go out to the people of London, who suffered a vicious terrorist attack.... [1654 EDT] - We will defend our people, our nations and our civilization from all who dare to threaten our way of life...cont: here  [1858 EDT] - HAPPY 70th BIRTHDAY to the @USAirForce! The American people are eternally grateful. Thank you for keeping America PROUD, STRONG and FREE! [1954 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
1712,"State Department describes plans for cuts, offers few specifics: sources","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - State Department officials briefed Senate staff on Friday on plans to cut up to $10 billion from the department’s budget over five years, but offered few specifics to ease concerns that the administration risked weakening U.S. standing in the world. The plan is the result of an ongoing assessment of the department ordered by President Donald Trump’s secretary of state, Rex Tillerson. It includes broad goals such as “maximizing the impact of foreign assistance” and “improving governance” for information technology platforms, according to a copy of the presentation seen by Reuters. Members of Congress have been vying with the Trump administration for more influence over foreign policy. In particular, many lawmakers, including some of Trump’s fellow Republicans, worry about his plans to slash the State Department budget to help boost military spending. The Republican-led Senate Appropriations Committee issued a blistering report last week accompanying its spending plan for State, accusing the Trump administration of pursuing a “doctrine of retreat” on foreign policy. Last week, the committee voted 31-0 for legislation allocating more than $51 billion for the State Department and foreign operations next year, nearly $11 billion more than the Trump administration’s request. The presentation was more specific as it listed what State and the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) did not intend to do. That list said there is no plan to dismantle State and USAID, eliminate the Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights and Labor, or concentrate power in Tillerson’s hands. A Senate aide who attended said both Republicans and Democrats seemed frustrated at the lack of specifics.  “It was tense in the room at times, with staff from both parties asking for specifics and warning the State Department officials that it would be difficult to defend this given the lack of specificity and the ongoing problems with early, consistent Congressional consultation on a range of issues,” the aide said. Tillerson wants to eliminate more than 2,000 positions at State, out of some 75,000 worldwide. At a news conference this week, Senator Lindsey Graham, the Republican chairman of the subcommittee that oversees State Department spending, spoke of his opposition to such cuts to diplomacy and foreign aid. “I fear that we’re going to get caught blindsided without a robust State Department,” Graham said, saying that ensuring national security requires soft power as well as a strong military. ",1
1713,"In Mexico visit, Trump's defense chief talks trust, respect","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Distancing himself from political tensions over issues like the border wall, U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said he aimed to build trust and show respect for Mexico during a trip there on Friday that sought to buttress still resilient military ties between the two countries. U.S.-Mexican relations have been badly damaged by Trump’s threats to curtail trade with Latin America’s No. 2 economy as well as his demand that Mexico pay for a border wall to keep out immigrants and drug traffickers.     Mexicans’ positive image of the United States has fallen to its lowest level since at least 2002, with about two-thirds of people viewing the country unfavorably, according to a poll released on Thursday by the U.S.-based Pew Research Center. But Mattis portrayed U.S.-Mexican military ties as strong, saying both countries shared common concerns about issues that include drug trafficking in Mexico but also drug consumption in the United States that fuels the illicit industry. Asked how he would navigate the political tensions, Mattis said: “We have shared security concerns. There’s partnerships, military-to-military exchanges, that are based on trust and respect.” “I’m going down to build the trust and show the respect on their Independence Day,” Mattis said.  He stayed above the political fray when asked about the most contentious issues between the two countries. Questioned about his role in the border wall issue, Mattis said there was no U.S. military role in enforcing the borders.  The New York Times quoted Trump’s chief of staff, John Kelly, suggesting Mexico was on the verge of collapse and comparing it to Venezuela under former President Huge Chavez. Asked whether he thought Mexico was on the verge of collapse, Mattis said flatly: “No.” “Every nation has its challenges it deals with. And Mexico is keenly aware of these and I’m there to support them in dealing with them,” Mattis said. Mattis also said he would also “absolutely” express condolences for Mexican victims of a recent earthquake that struck the country, killing 96 people. Mexico is also hosting Admiral John Richardson, Chief of Naval Operations, the Navy’s highest uniformed officer, and General Lori Robinson, the head of U.S. Northern Command, for its Independence Day activities. Mattis is the first U.S. defense secretary to attend the events.  Although Mexico’s official Independence Day is on Sept. 16, most celebrations take place on Sept. 15. The event commemorates the launch of Mexico’s war of independence from Spain in 1810. The fact that such senior U.S. military officials would be visiting for such an important national event is itself notable. Mexicans have a long memory of the Mexican-American War of 1846-1848, which led to Mexico’s loss of almost half its territory to the United States. The war has made U.S.-Mexican military cooperation a somewhat sensitive subject in Mexico. In an apparent nod to Mexican sensitivities, Mattis called the ties between the two militaries “very strong, quiet.”  There are signs of improving U.S.-Mexican cooperation in cracking down on the heroin trade. Reuters reported in April that Mexico’s army was allowing the United States and the United Nations to observe opium poppy eradication.  The Mexican army took U.S. military officials on helicopter tours of half a dozen sites in Sinaloa and Chihuahua, two of the three states that along with Durango make up the Golden Triangle where most Mexican opium is produced, one of the sources said at the time. ",1
1714,Equifax two top technology executives leave company 'effective immediately',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Equifax said on Friday that it made changes in its top management as part of its review of a massive data breach, with two technology and security executives leaving the company “effective immediately.” The credit-monitoring company announced the changes in a press release that gave its most detailed public response to date of the discovery of the data breach on July 29 and the actions it has since taken. The statement came on a day when Equifax’s share price continued to slide following a week of relentless criticism over its response to the data breach,  Lawmakers, regulators and consumers have complained that Equifax’s response to the breach, which exposed sensitive data like Social Security numbers of up to 143 million people, had been slow, inadequate and confusing. Equifax on Friday said that Susan Mauldin, chief security officer, and David Webb, chief information officer, were retiring.  The company named Mark Rohrwasser as interim chief information office and Russ Ayres as interim chief security officer, saying in its statement, “The personnel changes are effective immediately.” Rohrwasser has led the company’s international IT operations, and Ayres was a vice president in the IT organization. The company also confirmed that Mandiant, the threat intelligence arm of the cyber firm FireEye, has been brought on to help investigate the breach. It said Mandiant was brought in on Aug. 2 after Equifax’s security team initially observed “suspicious network traffic” on July 29.  The company has hired public relations companies DJE Holdings and McGinn and Company to manage its response to the hack, PR Week reported. Equifax and the two PR firms declined to comment on the report. Equifax’s share prices has fallen by more than a third since the company disclosed the hack on Sept. 7. Shares shed 3.8 percent on Friday to close at $92.98. U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren, who has built a reputation as a fierce consumer champion, kicked off a new round of attacks on Equifax on Friday by introducing a bill along with 11 other senators to allow consumers to freeze their credit for free. A credit freeze prevents thieves from applying for a loan using another person’s information. Warren also signaled in a letter to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the agency she helped create in the wake of the 2007-2009 financial crisis, that it may require extra powers to ensure closer federal oversight of credit reporting agencies. Warren also wrote letters to Equifax and rival credit monitoring agencies TransUnion and Experian, federal regulators and the Government Accountability Office to see if new federal legislation was needed to protect consumers. Connecticut Attorney General George Jepsen and more than 30 others in a state group investigating the breach acknowledged that Equifax has agreed to give free credit monitoring to hack victims but pressed the company to stop collecting any money to monitor or freeze credit. “Selling a fee-based product that competes with Equifax’s own free offer of credit monitoring services to victims of Equifax’s own data breach is unfair,” Jepsen said. Also on Friday, the chairman and ranking member of the Senate subcommittee on Social Security urged Social Security Administration to consider nullifying its contract with Equifax and consider making the company ineligible for future government contracts. The two senators, Republican Bill Cassidy and Democrat Sherrod Brown, said they were concerned that personal information maintained by the Social Security Administration may also be at risk because the agency worked with Equifax to build its E-Authentication security platform. Equifax has reported that for 2016, state and federal governments accounted for 5 percent of its total revenue of $3.1 billion. Equifax, which disclosed the breach more than a month after it learned of it on July 29, said at the time that thieves may have stolen the personal information of 143 million Americans in one of the largest hacks ever. The problem is not restricted to the United States. Equifax said on Friday that data on up to 400,000 Britons was stolen in the hack because it was stored in the United States. The data included names, email addresses and telephone numbers but not street addresses or financial data, Equifax said. Canada’s privacy commissioner said on Friday that it has launched an investigation into the data breach. Equifax is still working to determine the number of Canadians affected, the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada said in a statement. ",1
1715,U.S. lawmakers want retaliation for sonic attacks in Cuba,"WASHINGTON/HAVANA (Reuters) - Five Republican senators called on Friday for Washington to retaliate for an alleged sonic attack, inaudible to some human ears, on U.S. personnel in Cuba by expelling Cuban diplomats and possibly closing the U.S. embassy in Havana. In August, the State Department said Americans linked to the U.S. embassy in the capital had experienced physical symptoms caused by such “incidents,” involving sound waves, starting as far back as late 2016. Five Canadians in Havana were also affected.  In some cases the victims heard nothing, while others sensed deafening sound, but all suffered symptoms such as nausea, dizziness and temporary hearing or memory loss. The incidents have left a sense of unease among Havana’s diplomatic community, various diplomats said, and the Cuban Foreign Ministry has not provided any explanation to date. A months-long investigation by Cuba, the United States and Canada into the mysterious affair, unprecedented in modern diplomatic history, has yet to come up with answers as to how the attacks took place, let alone who was behind them. Cuba has denied involvement. The U.S. State Department has not blamed Havana for the attacks, but asked two Cuban diplomats to leave Washington in May. Canada does not intend to take diplomatic action “at this time,” an official said in August. In a letter, the five Republicans - Senators Tom Cotton, Richard Burr, John Cornyn, Marco Rubio and James Lankford - urged Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to remind the Cuban government of its responsibility toward diplomats. “Furthermore, we ask that you immediately declare all accredited Cuban diplomats in the United States persona non grata and, if Cuba does not take tangible action, close the U.S. Embassy in Havana,” they wrote. All five are members of the Senate Intelligence Committee, one of the congressional panels looking into the matter. Burr is its chairman and Cornyn is the number two Republican in the Senate. President Donald Trump’s fellow Republicans control majorities in both houses of the U.S. Congress. The letter came as the United States was expected to issue new, tighter restrictions on Americans traveling to Cuba, as part of a partial rollback of the U.S.-Cuban detente by President Donald Trump. Rubio, a Cuban-American, was a key player in forging the new, more hostile policy toward the island. The U.S. State Department did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the letter. The seaside U.S. embassy in Havana was still closed due to damage in the wake of Hurricane Irma, with staff working from the ambassador’s residence and from home. A source close to the investigation underway on the island said the Cubans had been very cooperative, even offering to let the FBI in to investigate for example. “As far as we have ever known, the U.S. officials here in Cuba have never suspected the Cubans as perpetrating these events,” the source said. Foreign policy experts say it is hard to see what Cuba would have to gain from perpetrating attacks on diplomats. It has enjoyed good relations with Canada for many years and in 2014 started to normalize relations with its old Cold War enemy the United States. Theories abound. One is that another country like Russia, Iran or North Korea might want to drive a wedge between Cuba and the west. Another is that there is an internal power struggle underway on the island. ",1
1716,"Trump to 'slap' foes, embrace friends in first U.N. speech: envoy","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump will pummel foes and embrace friends in his first speech to the United Nations General Assembly next week, keeping pressure on Washington’s adversaries North Korea  and Iran, U.S. Ambassador Nikki Haley said on Friday. Briefing reporters ahead of the annual U.N. meeting, Haley and White House national security adviser H.R. McMaster took a tough line on North Korea, warning that a military option to deal with its nuclear threats was available. Trump will meet with leaders from Europe, Asia, the Middle East and Latin America throughout the week, but his remarks, scheduled for Tuesday morning, will be the president’s highest profile opportunity to explain his foreign policy vision couched in his “America first” agenda. “I personally think he slaps the right people, he hugs the right people, and he comes out with (the) U.S. being very strong, in the end,” Haley, speaking at the White House, said of Trump’s speech. Haley declined to say whether Trump would commit Washington to maintaining its current level of funding for the 193-nation body. Trump has complained that the United States funds 22 percent of the U.N. budget and nearly 30 percent of U.N. peacekeeping duties. Trump will kick off the week with a meeting about U.N. reform on Monday. He will then have meetings with French President Emmanuel Macron and Israeli Prime Minister Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu that will focus on Iran, McMaster said. Trump has dinner scheduled with Latin American leaders. On Tuesday, he will meet Qatar’s emir, Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani. Trump said last week he would be willing to mediate the worst dispute in decades between Qatar and U.S.-allied Arab states. On Wednesday, he will meet with leaders from Jordan, the Palestinian Authority, Britain and Egypt and on Thursday there are talks scheduled with leaders from Turkey, Afghanistan and Ukraine before holding a lunch with the leaders of South Korea and Japan. McMaster said it was unlikely that Trump would speak to Venezuela’s President Nicolas Maduro, whom the White House has sanctioned and called a dictator. ",1
1717,Trump to meet with long list of leaders in New York next week -White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will hold a series of meetings with world leaders on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly meeting next week in New York, the White House said on Friday. Trump will meet with the leaders of France and Israel on Monday before holding a dinner with Latin American leaders that evening, Trump’s national security adviser H.R. McMaster told reporters. On Tuesday, he will meet Qatar’s emir, and on Wednesday, he will meet with leaders from Jordan, the Palestinian Authority, the United Kingdom and Egypt, McMaster said. Trump will meet on Thursday with leaders from Turkey, Afghanistan and Ukraine before holding a lunch with the leaders of South Korea and Japan, he said. ",1
1718,"Trump to pitch 'America First' agenda in U.N. debut, press on North Korea","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump will take his “America First” message to the United Nations next week and seek support for tough measures against North Korea despite his skepticism about the value of international groups like the 193-member body. Nearly eight months in office, Trump will stress his belief in the importance of national sovereignty and the limits of global organizations during his debut as U.S. president at the U.N. General Assembly, an administration official said. “Multilateral fora are useful, but they’re means, not ends,” the official said. The purpose of a multilateral forum is to be “subservient and subordinate. It is a facilitator.” White House aides say his address, to be given to heads of state and government or their representatives, is still being written and topics could change. It is likely to touch on North Korea and Iran in addition to the sovereignty theme. Friends, diplomats and foreign policy experts will be watching Trump for any signs that globalists in his White House have gained traction since the departure of nationalist champions such as former chief strategist Steve Bannon. “It will be a good measure of how successful some of the internationalists that he’s gathered around him are being in terms of muting his instincts and replacing them with their own,” said Roger Stone, a longtime Trump supporter. Trump has taken a dim view of international groups before. As a presidential candidate he called NATO obsolete and, as president, during a visit to the alliance headquarters in Brussels, he shocked U.S. allies by failing to underscore his commitment to their mutual defense.  Facing criticism, he affirmed U.S. support during a later trip to Warsaw. Trump has called for U.N. reform to bring down “out of control” costs and complained that the United States funds 22 percent of the U.N. budget and nearly 30 percent of U.N. peacekeeping duties. He will host an event at U.N. headquarters on Monday to gather global support for reforming the world body. Diplomats said more than 100 countries had agreed to attend. [nL2N1LI17E]  Still, the president’s tone towards the U.N. has been noticeably more moderate than his criticism of NATO. At a meeting of U.N. Security Council ambassadors at the White House in April, he drew a comparison between the two. “I’m a budget person. You see the way I’m talking about NATO, the same thing, but if you do a great job at the United Nations, I feel much differently about it because we’re talking pennies compared to the kind of lives and money that you’ll be saving,” he said. Trump drew widespread condemnation for his decision to withdraw the United States from the global Paris agreement on climate change. U.N. officials have criticized him for attacks on the press and for his response to violence at a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia. He will speak on Tuesday in front of a wall of marble tiles that as a businessman he described as cheap in 2012. He pledged to replace it with “beautiful large marble slabs” if asked.  He was not asked. North Korea fired a missile on Friday that flew over Japan’s northern Hokkaido far out into the Pacific Ocean, South Korean and Japanese officials said, further ratcheting up tensions after Pyongyang’s recent test of a powerful nuclear bomb. [nL4N1LV63L] U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley has led the charge for tougher action and further sanctions against Pyongyang. Her willingness to work in the U.N. system was likely to affect Trump’s tone at the gathering, said one European diplomat, who spoke on condition of anonymity. “In her own way she spells out the ‘America First’ agenda, but she has not been hostile to the U.N.,” he said. “With this White House you don’t know: will it prevail? But I don’t expect this to be a hostile speech with the United Nations.” A former reality TV show host, Trump should expect a less responsive crowd than the ones that cheer his message at rallies in the United States, said Elliott Abrams, who was a deputy national security adviser to President George W. Bush. “One thing he’s going to find a bit surprising: it is very much like addressing an audience of the dead. It is not like any audience he’s ever addressed before,” Abrams said. Known for his unpredictability, Trump may surprise. “I don’t even think if he walked up with remarks that we would know what he’d say. I don’t think anybody does,” one former U.S. State Department official said. ",1
1719,"Connecticut attorney general, others ask Equifax to stop collecting fees","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Connecticut’s attorney general, and others investigating Equifax Inc’s (EFX.N) data breach, which affected some 143 million people, asked the company on Friday to disable links to collect fees for credit monitoring. Connecticut Attorney General George Jepsen acknowledged that Equifax has said it would give free credit monitoring to hack victims but asked it to stop collecting money for other credit monitoring. “Selling a fee-based product that competes with Equifax’s own free offer of credit monitoring services to victims of Equifax’s own data breach is unfair, particularly if consumers are not sure if their information was compromised,” he said. ",1
1720,Ex-Trump aide Manafort's spokesman testifies to Russia probe grand jury,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The spokesman for President Donald Trump’s former campaign manager Paul Manafort testified before a federal grand jury on Friday in special counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation into possible collusion between Trump’s 2016 election campaign and Russia. Jason Maloni, the president of the crisis public relations firm JadeRoq LLC, spoke briefly with reporters after leaving a courtroom where he had testified for a little less than two hours. “I was ordered to appear today before the grand jury. I answered questions and I’ve been dismissed,” Maloni said. He declined to discuss the types of questions he was asked. Mueller is investigating Manafort’s financial and real estate dealings and his prior work for the Party of Regions, a pro-Russian political party in Ukraine, that backed former Ukrainian leader Viktor Yanukovich. Overall, Mueller’s investigation and two congressional panels are looking into conclusions by U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia worked to tilt last November’s election in Republican Trump’s favor. Moscow has repeatedly denied any meddling in the election and Trump has denied any collusion by his campaign. Mueller’s investigators are examining potential money laundering by Manafort and other possible financial crimes, sources have told Reuters. Manafort was also present at a June 2016 meeting with Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya who offered to provide damaging information about Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. Others at that meeting included Trump’s eldest son, Donald Trump, Jr., and son-in-law, Jared Kushner. In July, Manafort’s Virginia home was raided by FBI agents. Maloni, as Manafort’s spokesman, had told reporters that Manafort “has consistently cooperated with law enforcement and other serious inquiries and did so on this occasion as well.” ",1
1721,Trump says immigration bill cannot include 'chain migration',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday said so-called “chain migration,” a term often used to refer to citizens or permanent residents sponsoring relatives or the clustering of certain immigrants in the same areas, cannot be included in any immigration legislation. “CHAIN MIGRATION cannot be allowed to be part of any legislation on Immigration!” Trump wrote on Twitter. The  statement comes after Trump stunned many fellow Republicans this week by negotiating with top congressional Democratic leaders over the DACA program protecting the children of undocumented immigrants. ",1
1722,Key Republican senator doubts 15 percent corporate tax rate can be reached,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The head of the Senate Finance Committee said on Friday he doubted negotiators trying to craft a tax reform bill could reach President Donald Trump’s goal of dropping the U.S. corporate tax rate to 15 percent. “I sincerely doubt that we will be able to get to that level on corporate tax rates,” Republican Senator Orrin Hatch, whose panel has jurisdiction over the U.S. tax code in the Senate, told CNBC. ",1
1723,Trump taps top Sessions attorney to lead civil division: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump is nominating U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ top aide to serve as Assistant Attorney General for the Department of Justice’s Civil Division, the White House said in a statement on Friday.  Joseph Hunt, now chief of staff and senior counselor to Sessions, previously led the division’s Federal Programs Branch handling various legal cases in federal district courts, according to the White House. ",1
1724,Pastors stand firm as Trump's U.S. evangelical base weakens,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - As President Donald Trump bowed his head in the Oval Office earlier this month, Texas Southern Baptist Pastor Robert Jeffress and other U.S. religious leaders laid their hands on Trump’s back and prayed for Hurricane Harvey’s victims. With TV cameras and reporters watching, the scene was a powerful reminder of one of Trump’s most reliable and improbable political assets - his close ties with conservative Christians. A new Reuters/Ipsos poll shows, however, that Trump’s popularity among white evangelicals has weakened, suggesting his grassroots support may not be as unconditional as religious leaders’ public displays of allegiance would suggest.  That may pose a problem for Trump and his allies as the 2018 midterm congressional election season nears. Trump’s strong links to conservative Christians played a key part in his stunning victory in the 2016 presidential election. Though disenchanted evangelicals were unlikely to switch their votes to Democrats, they could stay home next year when U.S. voters elect senators and representatives.    “When your base is starting to even slowly move away from you, that should be a sign of concern,” said Justin Vaughn, director of the Center for Idaho History and Politics at Boise State University in Idaho, a state Trump won handily last year. In a country that is more religious than most other western democracies and where a president’s spiritual life is closely examined, the twice-divorced New York billionaire socialite, who has attended church just twice since his Jan. 20 inauguration, is an unlikely torchbearer for conservative Christians.  He has labored to build and preserve this unlikely alliance, embracing social issues, such as commitment to anti-abortion and religious liberty policies, and picking staunch conservative Neil Gorsuch, for the Supreme Court. Trump also mentions God far more often in public remarks than his two predecessors, a Reuters review showed.(Graphic: tmsnrt.rs/2y3HxbV) But data from the nationwide online Reuters/Ipsos poll conducted from Jan. 22 to Aug. 25 suggest Trump has been unable to prevent his evangelical support from sliding in line with his overall ratings. The majority of those polled last month who described themselves as both “white” and a “born-again or evangelical Christian” said they approved of Trump, but considerably fewer than when he took office almost eight months ago. The White House did not respond to requests for comment on the poll. During a four-week period in August, 62 percent of white evangelicals said they approved of Trump, while 33 percent disapproved of the president and 5 percent said they had “mixed feelings.” That is a drop from the first four weeks of Trump’s presidency, from late January to mid February, when 73 percent of white evangelicals said they approved of his performance while 23 percent disapproved and 5 percent had mixed feelings. The poll was divided into eight four-week periods, with each including about 2,000 people and a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of about 2 percentage points.    The declines are broadly in line with those recorded among all adult Americans. In interviews, 10 of the surveyed conservative Christians said they were not concerned about Trump’s religion. Rather, they questioned whether he was doing enough to help average Americans and the frequent chaos in the White House. “We can’t go a week without someone leaving his administration. There is no stability in our government,” said  Robert Waldram, a 52-year-old Baptist churchgoer from Williamsburg, Virginia, in a telephone interview. He said he voted for Trump as a better option than Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. But Waldram said he was tired of Trump’s “childlike tantrums on Twitter.” In his first 200 days in office, Trump mentioned God about 100 times in public remarks, excluding the standard “God bless America” that presidents routinely end speeches with, something his ardent supporters welcome as readiness to eschew political correctness.  By this point in their presidencies, Democrat Barack Obama had mentioned God 43 times, while Republican George W. Bush had referred to God in 60 instances. Jeffress, one of the first prominent evangelical pastors to back Trump for president, said his God talk was apolitical. “I understand that cynical people would say this is just for political expediency, but ... I believe this comes out of some deep beliefs that he has personally,” Jeffress said. Trump, who describes himself as Presbyterian, was not known to be an avid churchgoer before becoming president and critics have said his blunders on basic biblical knowledge, harsh attacks on political adversaries, and his demeaning comments about women clash with Christian principles. “He, himself, doesn’t have the most sterling track record in terms of either church attendance or professed or displayed knowledge of scripture,” Gary Scott Smith, a historian and author of “Religion in the Oval Office: The Religious Lives of American Presidents,” said of Trump. The pastors involved with Trump’s evangelical advisory board describe him, though, as very inquisitive about faith and more thoughtful on religion than he might appear in public and conservative pastors have continued to support him through various firestorms.  Evangelicals have had “unprecedented” White House access in this administration, said Richard Land, a board member and president of the Southern Evangelical Seminary, a Christian college. After Trump’s response to violence between white nationalists and left-wing protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia, led to two of his business advisory councils disbanding, there were questions about the evangelical board’s future.  Brooklyn, New York, megachurch pastor A.R. Bernard resigned, but others remained, saying it was their job to provide advice and counsel to Trump, even when they disagree with him, and to press the president on Christian issues. Johnnie Moore, a board member and former official at Liberty University, a religious school, said: “We have a deep personal relationship with him ... He has prioritized issues that are important to us and we appreciate that.” ",1
1725,"Trump says immigration deal with Democrats close, without border wall","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Thursday he was close to a deal with Democratic congressional leaders on protections for illegal immigrants brought to the United States as children, astounding fellow Republicans again while alarming conservative supporters. Trump said any final agreement must include border security measures including surveillance systems but would not include funding for his planned wall along the U.S.-Mexican border, a central 2016 campaign promise. Trump said the wall would “come later” and warned Democrats not to obstruct it. Trump described the parameters of an agreement on the fate of the roughly 800,000 so-called Dreamers reached in his White House meeting on Wednesday evening with top Senate Democrat Chuck Schumer and top House of Representatives Democrat Nancy Pelosi. “We have to have an understanding that, whether it’s in the budget or some other vehicle, in a very short period of time the wall will be funded. Otherwise, we’re not doing anything,” Trump said after landing in Florida to survey hurricane damage. Schumer and Pelosi reiterated their opposition to the wall, and Democrats in the past have promised to block funding for it. “I think we’re fairly close but we have to get massive border security,” Trump told reporters earlier in the day of a potential deal.  Trump said Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell were both “on board” with the potential deal and that “we’re doing it in conjunction with the Republicans.” Trump spoke with Ryan and McConnell on Thursday morning only after he had reached the outline of the deal with the Democrats. The potential agreement was the latest development in the president’s newfound willingness to work with Democrats after Republicans, who control Congress, failed to deliver legislative victories on healthcare and other matters. Trump stunned Republican leaders last week by reaching an agreement with Schumer and Pelosi to fund the government and raise the U.S. debt ceiling through mid-December. The president defended his outreach to the opposition party, saying if Republicans did not stick together, “then I’m going to have to get a little bit of help from the Democrats.” “We have to get things passed,” Trump told reporters aboard Air Force One. Trump rescinded the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program earlier this month but made that effective in March, giving lawmakers six months to come up with an alternative for the Dreamers. DACA, created by Trump’s Democratic predecessor, Barack Obama, shields the Dreamers, mostly Hispanic young adults, from deportation and provides work permits. Pelosi pointed to a bill offered by Republican House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Michael McCaul as a possible basis for a deal with Trump on border security. It calls for more money for high-tech surveillance equipment, stronger measures at U.S. ports of entry, more Border Patrol and customs agents and letting National Guard personnel help with aviation and intelligence support on the U.S.-Mexico border. Trump said that “we’re not looking at citizenship” for the Dreamers, a comment that differed with how Pelosi and Schumer described their understanding with the president. They told reporters Trump had embraced the provisions of a bipartisan proposal called the Dream Act that would grant permanent legal resident status to Dreamers who qualify, allowing them to attend college, work and serve in the U.S. military without fear of deportation. It also would provide a pathway to U.S. citizenship after at least eight years. Before Trump made his comment on citizenship, a White House spokeswoman, Lindsay Walters, told reporters traveling with him to Florida that the administration would discuss “a responsible path forward” that could include “legal citizenship over a period of time.” McConnell and Ryan, both of whom have had a tense relationship with Trump, made comments that suggested they might not be on board, as the president said. “There is no agreement,” Ryan told reporters about DACA. “I think the president understands that he’s got to work the congressional majority,” he told reporters, referring to Republicans, adding that “we have not begun negotiations,” although he expected a compromise to be reached. McConnell issued a noncommittal statement. “As Congress debates the best ways to address illegal immigration through strong border security and interior enforcement, DACA should be part of those discussions. We look forward to receiving the Trump administration’s legislative proposal as we continue our work on these issues,” he said. Trump faced a quick backlash from his hard-line conservative political base over his potential deal on DACA. He had promised as a candidate to deport all of the estimated 11 million illegal immigrants in the United States, and said a border wall would be built, paid for by Mexico, to stop the flow of illegal immigrants and drugs. Mexico has said it will not pay for the structure. “It looks to me like he’s preparing to keep Hillary Clinton’s campaign promise rather than his own,” Republican Representative Steve King told CNN, referring to Trump’s Democratic election rival.  Breitbart News, the hard-line conservative news website headed by Trump’s former top strategist, Steve Bannon, called the president “Amnesty Don” in a headline. Many conservatives oppose giving legal status or a path toward citizenship to illegal immigrants, calling such steps “amnesty” to lawbreakers. Trump said on Thursday he did not support amnesty. Conservative pundit Ann Coulter wrote on Twitter: “At this point, who DOESN’T want Trump impeached?” ",1
1726,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (September 14) - DACA, Florida, Mexico earthquake, healthcare","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - No deal was made last night on DACA. Massive border security would have to be agreed to in exchange for consent. Would be subject to vote. [0611 EDT] - The WALL, which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls, will continue to be built. [0620 EDT] - Does anybody really want to throw out good, educated and accomplished young people who have jobs, some serving in the military? Really!..... [0628 EDT] - ...They have been in our country for many years through no fault of their own - brought in by parents at young age. Plus BIG border security [0635 EDT] - Am leaving now for Florida to see our GREAT first responders and to thank the U.S. Coast Guard, FEMA etc. A real disaster, much work to do! [0705 EDT] - Just left Florida for D.C. The people and spirit in THAT GREAT STATE is unbelievable. Damage horrific but will be better than ever! [1504 EDT] - Spoke to President of Mexico to give condolences on terrible earthquake. Unable to reach for 3 days b/c of his cell phone reception at site. [1518 EDT] - Bernie Sanders is pushing hard for a single payer healthcare plan - a curse on the U.S. & its people... [1531 EDT] - ...I told Republicans to approve healthcare fast or this would happen. But don’t worry, I will veto because I love our country & its people. [1532 EDT] - WE ARE WITH YOU FLORIDA! Emergency Information  1-800-342-3557 (link: www.FloridaDisaster.org/info) FloridaDisaster.org/info Volunteer  1-800-FL-HELP-1 (link: www.VolunteerFlorida.org) VolunteerFlorida.org [1711 EDT] - FLORIDA- Just like TX, WE are w/you today, we are w/you tomorrow, & we will be w/you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to RESTORE, RECOVER, & REBUILD! [2055 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
1727,Republican unity on U.S. tax overhaul shows sign of fraying,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican efforts to unite the White House, Senate and House of Representatives behind a single tax reform plan appeared to be unraveling on Thursday, when one of the “Big Six” negotiators said the group would not dictate tax policy in the Senate.    At the outset of a congressional hearing on tax reform, Senator Orrin Hatch said the Senate Finance Committee he chairs would not be a rubber stamp for the other congressional Republican leaders and senior aides to President Donald Trump who make up the select group that has been working on a tax reform framework for months. The Big Six is preparing to release its framework on Sept. 25, a release that will sound the starting gun for Hatch’s panel and the House Ways and Means Committee to produce tax reform legislation that is now expected in October. Overhauling the U.S. tax code is a top priority of Trump and congressional Republicans, who campaigned on it last year. They have made little progress since taking power in Washington in January via a closed-door process that has excluded Democrats. “The group – some have deemed us the Big Six – will not dictate the direction we take in this committee,” Hatch said. “The Finance Committee will not be bound by any previous tax reform proposal or framework when we start putting our bill together.” Some analysts viewed the Utah Republican’s comments as the beginning of what could be a widening rift among Republicans in the Senate, House and White House that could jeopardize hopes of completing the first overhaul of the tax code in 31 years before January. “Disagreements over both substance and process are driving a wedge between senior House Republicans involved in the tax-writing process and their Senate counterparts,” Henrietta Treyz of investment advisory firm Veda Partners said in a report.  But House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady, Hatch’s congressional counterpart, described potential divergence as a natural and even healthy development that would be kept in check by common ground on major tax issues. “We’ll work this out by the end of the year,” Brady told reporters. “At the end of the day, we just have to sit down and find common ground.” Hatch and Brady are among the Big Six, which also includes Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, House Speaker Paul Ryan, Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell and White House economic adviser Gary Cohn. There have already been two statements of general tax principles from Republicans: a one-page document from the Trump administration in April and a joint statement from the Big Six negotiators in July. Democrats have criticized Republican plans as too favorable to the wealthiest Americans and corporations. With the latest blueprint due in less than two weeks, Brady and Mnuchin appeared to differ on Thursday over how much detail the document would contain. Brady told a policy forum that he did not expect the document to offer specifics on tax rates, while Mnuchin said the plan would contain extensive details including a specific corporate rate. Brady later told reporters that talks continued over what the document would contain.     “It is still clearly possible that tax reform could be enacted over the next near. However, the signs are not particularly positive at the moment,” analyst Jan Hatzius of investment bank Goldman Sachs said in a research note on Thursday. After months of talks, basic questions on the Republican tax plan remain unanswered, such as whether or not the tax cuts they want will expand the U.S. budget deficit. Trump told reporters aboard Air Force One on Thursday that the tax reform plan would be revenue neutral, if economic growth spurred by the legislation is taken into account. Revenue neutrality is fast emerging as a divisive issue in Congress, where deficit hawks have expressed misgivings about adding to the deficit.  In White House meetings with top Democrats in recent days, Trump has shown a new willingness to deal with the opposition.  Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer and House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi talked about tax reform with Trump after their Wednesday discussion on immigration, according to Representative Richard Neal, the top Ways and Means Democrat. Neal said the White House appeared to be “in synch” with Democrats for now on tax relief for the middle class. “I think that there could be some room there for conversation,” he told the same policy forum where Brady spoke. ",1
1728,Treasury's Mnuchin says no tax cut for wealthy,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Thursday that the Trump administration’s upcoming tax plan will not be aimed at lowering income taxes for the wealthiest Americans. “”We are looking for a middle income tax cut. On the high end the plan is to eliminate state and local deductions ... and even if we do end up with a slight reduction on the high end that will be offset by a reduction of deductions so their taxes won’t go down,” Mnuchin said during an interview at a policy forum organized by news outlet Politico. He added that details of the tax reform framework, due for release the week of Sept. 25,  would include a specific rate proposal for the corporate tax rate. “You’re going to see a specific rate proposal in that,” Mnuchin said, adding it would also include details on deduction of corporate interest. ",1
1729,Trump says violence by anti-fascists proves him right on Charlottesville,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Thursday stood by his belief that both sides were to blame for violence in Charlottesville, Virginia,  between white supremacists and counterprotesters last month. Trump had drawn criticism for not initially condemning white supremacists who organized the event on Aug. 12, with even some of his fellow Republicans expressing dismay at his opinion.  Trump spoke to reporters aboard Air Force One a day after a meeting with South Carolina Republican Senator Tim Scott, an African-American who had expressed concern about Trump’s comments. “We had a great talk yesterday,” he said of his meeting with Scott. “I think especially in the light of the advent of antifa, if you look at what’s going on there. You have some pretty bad dudes on the other side also. And essentially that’s what I said.” Trump said anti-fascist groups known as the “antifa” must share blame for neo-Nazis and the Ku Klux Klan fighting with anti-racism protesters in the streets. One woman was killed when a suspected white nationalist crashed his car into demonstrators. On Thursday, the president also signed a resolution sent to him by Congress that condemned the violence in Charlottesville and opposed “hatred, bigotry, and racism in all forms.” “No matter the color of our skin or our ethnic heritage, we all live under the same laws, we all salute the same great flag, and we are all made by the same almighty God,” Trump said in a statement regarding the resolution.   In Berkeley, California, violence erupted on Aug. 27 when a small group of masked antifa and left-wing protestors attacked right-wing demonstrators.     “Now, because of what’s happened since then with antifa, you look at really what’s happened since Charlottesville. A lot of people are saying, in fact a lot of people have actually written, ‘Gee, Trump might have a point,’” he said.     ",1
1730,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (Sept 14) - DACA, U.S.-Mexico border wall","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - No deal was made last night on DACA. Massive border security would have to be agreed to in exchange for consent. Would be subject to vote. [0611 EDT] - The WALL, which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls, will continue to be built. [0620 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
1731,U.S. judge presses Trump administration on Dreamer deadlines,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - A U.S. judge on Thursday repeatedly pressed the Trump administration to extend an October deadline for some immigrants to reapply for a program that shielded children brought to the United States illegally by their parents from deportation.  President Donald Trump recently decided to rescind the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, or DACA, in March 2018. However, immigrants known as Dreamers with work permits that expire before then can apply to renew them for another two years if they do so before Oct. 5.  At a hearing in a federal court in Brooklyn on Thursday, U.S. District Judge Nicholas Garaufis said the administration’s “arbitrary” deadline is destructive, and extending it would give Congress time for a legislative solution. “No one will be harmed by extending this deadline,” Garaufis said, “especially the 800,000 people who are sweating about whether someone is going to come knocking on their door and send them back to a country that they don’t even know and where they don’t speak the language.”  Deputy Assistant Attorney General Brett Shumate said the Department of Homeland Security was already considering an extension due to recent hurricanes, but no decisions had been made.  “We will definitely take your concerns back to our clients,” Shumate said. Trump said on Thursday he was close to a deal with Democratic congressional leaders on protections for Dreamers, astounding fellow Republicans while alarming conservative supporters. The judge’s comments came as he was deciding whether immigration advocacy groups would be allowed to file new legal claims challenging Trump’s decision to end DACA. Those groups hope to bring a national class action that includes allegations Trump did not follow proper administrative procedures in rescinding DACA. Garaufis cited Trump’s own tweets praising Dreamers as a reason to extend the October deadline. “It would be useful to take some of the pressure off some of the parties, particularly these good educated young people that the president is speaking about with such admiration,” Garaufis said. “This is a much wider situation than just these individuals,” the judge added. “They pay taxes, they pay mortgages, they support their communities.”  Martín Batalla Vidal, a 26-year-old DACA recipient whose status expires in February 2019, said he was glad the judge saw the economic consequences of ending the program. “He knows that if we lose DACA and we lose our jobs, that will cause a lot of harm to our families,” Batalla Vidal told reporters after the hearing.",1
1732,Trump says confident Congress will solve Dreamers issue: Mexico,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump rang Mexican leader Enrique Pena Nieto to express condolences over last week’s earthquake, and said he was confident the U.S. Congress would find a solution for the Dreamers, Mexico’s president’s office said on Thursday. Earlier on Thursday, Trump said he was close to a deal with Democratic congressional leaders on protections for illegal immigrants brought to the United States as children, a group known as Dreamers. In a tweet, Trump said he had been tardy in calling Pena Nieto as he had been unable to reach him due to patchy cellphone coverage in the zone where the Mexican president was visiting those afflicted by the massive quake. ",1
1733,U.S. extends some Iran sanctions relief under nuclear deal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States on Thursday extended some sanctions relief for Iran under the 2015 nuclear deal but said it has yet to decide whether to preserve the deal itself, the State Department said. President Donald Trump, who must make a decision by mid-October that could undermine the agreement, said Iran is violating “the spirit” of the 2015 deal under which Iran got sanctions relief in return for curbing its nuclear program. In a sign of Trump’s desire to put pressure on Iran, which denies violating the deal, the U.S. Treasury announced new cyber-related and other sanctions on seven Iranian individuals, two Iranian entities and two Ukraine-based entities. “We are not going to stand for what they are doing,” Trump told reporters on Air Force One. But he stopped short of saying whether he will refuse to recertify the agreement. Trump must decide in October whether to certify that Iran is complying with the agreement, known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA). If he does not, Congress has 60 days to decide whether to reimpose sanctions waived under the deal. The prospect of Washington reneging on the agreement has worried some of the key U.S. allies that helped negotiate the deal, especially as the world grapples with another nuclear crisis, North Korea’s nuclear and ballistic missile development. Republican Senator Bob Corker, who chairs the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and wrote the law giving Congress the right to review the Iran deal, said he and the White House were preparing in case of a change in policy. He also said he recognized the need to work with allies. “I think it’s important that ... we take steps that, to the extent we can, we keep all of our allies together,” Corker told Reuters. “What you don’t want to do is self-create a crisis for no reason. You want to make sure that you have an outcome here that is a good outcome for the United States and our interest.” Asked if it made sense to abandon the Iran nuclear deal given concerns about North Korea, Corker said, “I don’t think you should prejudge what they’re (the administration) going to do.” Separately, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson argued that the United States must consider the full threat it says Iran poses to the Middle East when formulating its new policy toward Tehran, saying Iran had breached the spirit of the deal. “We have to consider the totality of Iran’s activities and not let our view be defined solely by the nuclear agreement,” he told a news conference in London. Citing the preface to the 2015 agreement, Tillerson said “in our view, Iran is clearly in default of these expectations.” He cited Iranian support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, its development of ballistic missiles and “cyber activities.” The deal’s preface does not oblige Iran to promote global peace. Rather, it says the nations involved “anticipate that full implementation of this JCPOA will positively contribute to regional and international peace and security.” State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert told reporters the administration had approved waivers of some sanctions on Iran to “maintain some flexibility” as it develops its Iran policy. She did not specify which sanctions were waived. Earlier, sources said the United States will renew a waiver of the most punitive sanctions on Iran. Tucked into Section 1245 of the 2012 National Defense Authorization Act, Washington threatened to sanction the banks of Iran’s main oil customers if they did not significantly cut their purchases of Iranian crude. Under the law, these sanctions can be waived for a maximum of 120 days, forcing the U.S. government to revisit the issue every four months. Even as the administration waived the oil-related sanctions, the Treasury Department announced it had sanctioned 11 entities and individuals for “engaging in support of designated Iranian actors or malicious cyber-enabled activity.” Of the 11, seven were Iranian individuals, two were Iranian entities and two were entities based in Ukraine. The Treasury alleged they either supported Iran’s ballistic missile program or its Quds Force, or engaged in cyber attacks against the U.S. financial system. The action freezes any assets they may hold in the United States and generally prohibits U.S. individuals from doing business with them. ",1
1734,House Republican says tax plan won't have specific rates,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top Republican tax law writer in the U.S. House of Representatives said on Thursday that he does not expect an upcoming tax reform framework to contain specific numbers on income tax rates for corporations and individuals. “Probably not that specificity,” House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady said at a policy forum when asked if the plan due for release on Sept. 25 would include target tax rates for individuals and U.S. corporations. “You’re going to see clear approaches on where we want to go on business rates,” Brady added. “You’ll see where we’re going on individual rates.” Asked later about his remarks, the Republican told reporters that House leaders are still in discussions with their counterparts in the White House and Senate to determine what details would be included. “My point is that it won’t have specifics through every region of the tax code that everyone is interested in,” Brady said. ",1
1735,U.S. wants NAFTA five-year sunset provision: Commerce's Ross,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said on Thursday that the United States was seeking to add a five-year sunset provision to the North American Free Trade Agreement to provide a regular, “systematic re-examination” of the trade pact. Ross told a forum hosted by Politico that both he and U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer had agreed on the need for such a sunset provision - which means NAFTA would automatically end after five years unless renewed - and would “put it forward” in the NAFTA modernization talks, but it was unclear whether Canada and Mexico would back it. U.S., Canadian and Mexican negotiators are set to reconvene for a third round of talks in Ottawa on Sept. 23-27. Ross said a sunset provision was needed because forecasts for U.S. export and job growth when NAFTA took effect in 1994 were “wildly optimistic” and failed to live up to expectations. Canadian and Mexican ambassadors to Washington pushed back at the idea, saying such a provision would add uncertainty to a NAFTA agreement and affect long-term planning by businesses. “I’m a believer in sunset clauses when things are set up to be temporary,” said Canada’s Ambassador David MacNaughton. “We can have that discussion but I really do suspect that it won’t be Mexico and Canada pushing back against the secretary, it will be a lot of Americans too.” Mexico’s Ambassador to the United States Gerónimo Gutiérrez Fernández said a provision “would have very detrimental consequences to the business sector of the United States, Mexico and Canada.” “Let’s look at what they are thinking about in more details but certainty is the key word here,” said Gutierrez. Ross said the termination clause currently in NAFTA, that allows a country to exit after a six-month notice period, has never been triggered, and “it’s the kind of thing that probably wouldn’t be.” Ross and Trump have both talked about quitting NAFTA if it can’t be renegotiated to reduce U.S. trade deficits with Mexico and Canada. “The five-year thing is a real thing, would force a systematic re-examination,” Ross said. “If there were a systematic re-examination after a little experience period, you’d have a forum for trying to fix things that didn’t work out the way you thought they would.” ",1
1736,Trump ally Stone to testify to House panel probing election meddling,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Roger Stone, a longtime ally of President Donald Trump, said on Thursday he had agreed to testify in a closed hearing to the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee in its investigation of possible Russia meddling in the 2016 presidential election. “All 20 members of the committee will be present for the hearing,” Stone, an informal adviser to the Republican president, said in a statement. The hearing will be held on Sept. 26. Stone said he had asked for an open, public hearing in the interest of full transparency. Since it will be closed, he has requested an immediate release of transcripts to avoid confusion about his testimony. “I very much look forward to testifying and I am anxious to correct a number of the misstatements by committee members regarding my activities in 2016,” Stone said. A spokeswoman for Representative Mike Conaway, the Republican in charge of the committee investigation, declined comment. The House panel is one of the main congressional committees investigating allegations that Russia sought to interfere in the 2016 U.S. election and probing whether any Trump associates colluded with Moscow. Russia denies any such efforts, and Trump has dismissed any talk of collusion. Media reports earlier this year said that Stone was among Trump associates whose communications and financial transactions were being examined by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and others as part of the broad investigation. At the time, Stone denied contacts or collusion with the Russians. ",1
1737,Justice Department mulls changing corporate prosecution policy,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Justice Department is reviewing its policies over how it prosecutes corporate white collar crimes and may be making some changes “in the near future,” Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein said on Thursday. Speaking at the Heritage Foundation, Rosenstein said that the department is reviewing the so-called Yates Memo, a document released in 2015 by his predecessor Sally Yates, which urged prosecutors to focus on holding individuals accountable in corporate crime cases. “It is under review, and I anticipate that there may be some changes to the policy on corporate prosecutions,” Rosenstein said. He did not elaborate on what kinds of changes could be in store.  The memo’s emphasis on individual accountability is likely to be preserved, given prior comments from Attorney General Jeff Sessions about the importance of punishing individuals for corporate crimes.  The Yates Memo is widely seen as a response to criticism of the Justice Department following the 2007-2009 financial crisis, when few of the top bankers were prosecuted for their roles in the collapse of the housing market. Under the memo, prosecutors were instructed not to provide cooperation credit to a company during an investigation unless it disclosed all of the facts about the individuals who were involved in suspected wrongdoing. Defense lawyers criticized parts of the memo, saying they were concerned prosecutors might seek information that was subject to attorney-client privilege in exchange for their clients’ cooperation. Yates, an appointee of former President Barack Obama, was fired by the White House in January for refusing to defend President Donald Trump’s travel ban.  Decisions on whether to pursue criminal and civil corporate penalties against companies have long fueled debate among legal experts. Critics say large corporate penalties can unduly punish shareholders and that focusing on individual accountability is preferable. Sessions echoed that philosophy in an April speech, saying: “It is not merely companies, but specific individuals, who break the law.” Many consumer advocacy groups disagree, saying that both individual accountability and large corporate penalties can deter bad behavior. Aside from discussing white collar crime on Thursday, Rosenstein said his office is reviewing other enforcement policy areas, such as marijuana and the department’s policy on when and how it may issue subpoenas to media organizations. He said no decisions have been made, but noted said there is some “pretty significant evidence” about the harms of marijuana. ",1
1738,Pelosi says she trusts Trump's sincerity on protecting Dreamers,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said she trusted President Donald Trump’s sincerity in working to protect so-called Dreamers brought to this country illegally and that the effort to shield this group from immigration would not include cuts to legal immigration. “When we’re talking about this legislation to protect the Dreamers, yes I do trust that the president is sincere in understanding that the public supports that overwhelmingly, the public supports not sending these young people back,” Pelosi told reporters.  ",1
1739,"Trump, on possible DACA deal, says border wall would come later","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday that any possible deal on immigration with Democrats would have to include provisions for massive border security, and that his planned wall along the border with the Mexico would come later. Trump was asked by reporters about a possible deal with Democrats over immigrants brought to the United States illegally as children. He has ordered the disbanding of a program, known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA), that allowed such young adults to stay, but has given Congress six months to come up with an alternative plan. ",1
1740,Senate Republican leader says DACA should be part of border security discussion,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said on Thursday the DACA program for people who arrived in the country illegally as children should be part of a larger discussion on border security and Congress would welcome a proposal to address those issues. “As Congress debates the best ways to address illegal immigration through strong border security and interior enforcement, DACA should be part of those discussions. We look forward to receiving the Trump administration’s legislative proposal as we continue our work on these issues,” McConnell said in a statement. ",1
1741,U.S. House passes $1.2 trillion measure to fund government,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives on Thursday passed a $1.2 trillion bill to fund most government activities in the fiscal year beginning Oct. 1, knowing the Senate will disagree with many controversial elements and force a negotiation that could stretch into December. The bill, passed by a 211-198 vote largely along party lines in the Republican-controlled House, provides $658.1 billion for the Department of Defense and $44.3 billion for the Department of Homeland Security, including roughly $1.6 billion for construction of physical barriers along the U.S.-Mexican border. The $31.4 billion allotted for the Department of the Interior, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), the Forest Service, the Indian Health Service and related agencies cut the EPA’s funding by $534 million when compared to the prior fiscal year. The funding measure also included a provision that would stop the Internal Revenue Service from implementing a provision of the 2010 Affordable Care Act, commonly known as Obamacare, that imposes a tax penalty on individuals who elect to go without health insurance. Representative Kevin McCarthy, a member of Republican leadership, said the funding measure would make “major changes to the way Washington spends taxpayer dollars.” “Our funding legislation forces the government to do what it ought to do and to stop doing what it shouldn’t do,” McCarthy said in a statement, praising it for “strengthening our national defense, veterans’ programs, and border security,” and “cutting abusive Washington agencies like the IRS and the EPA.” Democrats warned that the bill, which bundled together 12 separate funding measures and earned just one Democratic vote, would need substantial revision in the Senate, where Republicans hold 52 of 100 seats but most legislation requires 60 votes for passage. “These bills cannot be enacted into law because they cannot gain Democratic votes,” Democratic Representative Nita Lowey said in a statement, calling the House-passed bill “inadequate and partisan.”   ",1
1742,Senators criticize fraud in U.S. low-income phone program,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A top U.S. Senate Republican said on Thursday Congress should considering ending the three-decade old federal subsidy for telephones and internet access for low-income Americans after a government audit found significant fraud. Senator Ron Johnson, who chairs the Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee, said at a hearing Congress should consider ending the program, known as “Lifeline,” which spends about $1.5 billion annually to help 12.3 million U.S. households afford landline and mobile phones. “The Lifeline program has been plagued by waste, fraud and abuse,” Johnson said. “This is a real head shaker.” Senator Claire McCaskill, the top Democrat on the panel, said “the combination of ineffective oversight and the greed of some private carriers has led to hundreds of millions in wasted taxpayer dollars.” She questioned why the Federal Communications Commission, which manages the program, had been unable to halt fraud and continued to pay funds to companies that have defrauded the program. A Government Accountability Office audit this year found significant fraud in the program and investigators could not confirm whether more than 1.2 million individuals sampled actually qualified. They also could not confirm how many of the 12.3 million participants enrolled received phones. Undercover investigators could typically enroll without proper credentials, the report found. The program, in place since 1985, gives participants a $9.25 monthly mobile phone subsidy and in 2016 the FCC expanded the program to include broadband internet access. The program is funded by the Universal Service Fee paid by telecommunications providers and typically added to monthly bills. FCC Chairman Ajit Pai said the commission is taking steps to crack down on fraud. “It is a top priority,” Pai said. Senator Gary Peters, a Democrat, said he was angered by  “scammers” that endangered a program that provides “vital services” to people who struggle to afford phone or internet service. The FCC has estimated that some 95 percent of U.S. households with incomes of at least $150,000 have access to high-speed Internet, while less than half of households with incomes lower than $25,000 have Internet access at home. The GAO report found that just a third of the nearly 39 million eligible U.S. households are enrolled in the program. Since 1998, about $20.2 billion has been allocated to the Lifeline program. ",1
1743,Commerce's Ross to lead trade mission on Trump's China visit,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross will lead a trade mission to China in mid-November as part of President Donald Trump’s first visit there, the Commerce Department said in a notice posted on its website. The Department said the multi-sector mission “will advance the bilateral commercial relationship by promoting business deals between U.S. and Chinese firms, as well as addressing market access barriers faced by U.S. companies,” the Commerce Department said in a statement. The department said it was taking applications from trade associations and companies large and small through Sept 29. It said the mission would promote new sales and investments between U.S. businesses and Chinese entities and provide them with access to senior decision makers in the Chinese government. Reuters on Tuesday quoted a U.S. official as saying that  Trump would likely stop in China as part of a trip that will take him to an ASEAN summit in the Philippines and an APEC summit in Vietnam. The trade mission comes at a time of heightened trade tensions between the United States and China following Trump’s decision on Wednesday to block a Chinese-backed private equity firm from buying a U.S.-based chipmaker. In July, a high-level U.S.-China economic dialogue meeting did not produce an agreement the Trump administration’s demands of reducing the U.S. trade deficit with China. ",1
1744,Colombia defends anti-drug efforts after Trump critique,"BOGOTA (Reuters) - Colombia on Thursday defended its anti-narcotics efforts after U.S. President Donald Trump said he considered downgrading the country in a White House assessment because of an uptick in the cultivation of coca, the base ingredient for cocaine. Tens of millions of dollars in development and security funding and logistical help could be in danger should the United States decide the South American country is not doing enough, and such a decision could even jeopardize Colombia’s access to monies from multilateral organizations. The two countries have long been close allies in the fight against illegal narcotics but in recent years have broadened the focus of their relationship to include trade and Colombia’s peace process with leftist guerrillas. However, Trump said this week he had contemplated declaring in the White House’s annual review of countries it considers hubs for narcotics trafficking that Colombia is not meeting its drug fight obligations because of decade-high coca production. The government of President Juan Manuel Santos took issue with Trump’s statement.  “Colombia is without a doubt the country which most has fought drugs, and which has had the most success on that front,” the government said in an early morning statement. “No one has to threaten us to confront this challenge.” In the last seven years, the country has confiscated 1,621 tonnes of cocaine, the statement said. The United States has expressed its worry about a sharp uptick in coca cultivation and cocaine production at the close of last year, after Colombia signed a peace deal with the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC), its largest rebel group, and halted the spraying of powerful herbicide glyphosate over health worries. Coca cultivation was up to 188,000 hectares (464,000 acres), while cocaine production capacity climbed to 700 tonnes annually, the highest figures for at least a decade. Colombia is counting on more than $400 million in funding help from the United States for implementing the FARC deal and has rejected the possibility of restarting fumigation with glyphosate, something Washington has backed. Instead, Colombia favors manual eradication and crop substitution in concert with rural communities, as agreed upon in the FARC deal. The country is planning to manually eliminate 50,000 hectares of coca. Rebel groups, right-wing paramilitaries and crime gangs have all been involved in drug trafficking during Colombia’s five-decade conflict, which has killed more than 220,000 people and displaced millions from their homes. ",1
1745,"Under Trump, future of U.S. nuclear arsenal slowly taking shape","JULIETT-01 MISSILE ALERT FACILITY (Reuters) - About 70 feet (21 m) below ground, in a shielded military capsule that can launch nuclear missiles, 23-year-old 2nd Lieutenant Tia Hewuse is concerned that Americans have the mistaken impression that her mission is a gloomy one. “America doesn’t understand what we do,” says Hewuse, whose post sits below a tiny U.S. base surrounded by vast expanses of windswept North Dakota farmland.    “This is what keeps our enemies at bay,” she says with a smile. Hewuse is one of the U.S. Air Force missileers who met Defense Secretary Jim Mattis on Wednesday as he oversees a Pentagon review of America’s aging nuclear arsenal. Experts say it could cost a trillion dollars or more to modernize it. Critics of the intercontinental ballistic missiles have argued that the silos scattered across thousands of square miles of the upper Great Plains are sitting ducks in a war and that, given the costs of modernizing ICBMs, the United States should spend its money on weaponry that could better survive a first strike by an enemy. Mattis himself questioned in 2015 whether the three legs of America’s nuclear “triad” of ballistic missile submarines, bombers and land-based missiles should perhaps be reduced to a “dyad.”  But in the latest sign that places like Hewuse’s Cold War-era missile alert facility will be around for years to come, Mattis said on Wednesday he believed all three portions of the triad were vital. “I have been persuaded that the triad, in its framework, is the right way to go,” Mattis told reporters traveling with him to Minot Air Force Base, where he got a firsthand look at U.S.  land-based nuclear missile facilities and nuclear-capable bombers. Mattis declined to set a deadline for the review, which is expected to take months to complete. Mattis’ tour of America’s doomsday weaponry comes as President Donald Trump uses bellicose rhetoric about the “fire and fury” that could await North Korea, should it choose to attack the United States. North Korea has responded with similarly bellicose warnings after it staged its sixth and largest nuclear test this month. In July, Pyongyang tested an ICBM that experts believe was capable of reaching most of the United States.  U.S. officials have also noted that America’s nuclear modernization is lagging behind Russia’s upgrade of its own nuclear triad.  General Paul Selva, vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, told Congress in August he believed Moscow was already two-thirds through its nuclear modernization process. The Arms Control Association estimates that the total cost of upgrading the U.S. nuclear forces will be between $1.25 trillion and $1.46 trillion over the next 30 years.  Mattis, without offering a figure, suggested that nuclear deterrence was worth the investment.  “America can afford survival,” he said.   Mattis says his goal would be to ensure that an adversary concludes that there is no viable prospect for successfully attacking the United States and surviving.  “We want the enemy to look at it and say this is impossible,” he said.  The land-based, nuclear-capable missiles are a big part of that. The U.S. forces who staff these facilities near the U.S. border with Canada have to endure bitter cold in the winters, which can get so bad that missileers can be stuck in their posts for up to 72 hours, officials said. Officials says morale has improved since the nuclear forces were rocked by test-cheating and drug scandals under the Obama administration and a 2007 incident under the Bush administration, when the Air Force accidentally flew live nuclear weapons between Minot and another U.S. base. Hewuse uses her free time to study for a postgraduate degree in entrepreneurship. She has also brightened her capsule by painting the lock used to keep nuclear missile launch keys shut in a cabinet above her head.  She painted the lock gold, with sparkles.  “I’m a pretty sparkly person,” she said. “There’s no sunshine in here. So that’s my sunshine.” ",1
1746,"Democrats say Trump agrees to work on immigration bill, wall in dispute","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump and Democratic leaders in the U.S. Congress have agreed to work together on legislation to protect “Dreamers,” the illegal immigrants who were children when they entered the United States, the lawmakers said on Wednesday, although a dispute erupted over exactly what had been agreed. Following a dinner with Trump at the White House, Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer and House of Representatives Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said the “productive meeting” focused on “DACA,” a program established by former President Barack Obama. “We agreed to enshrine the protections of DACA (Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals) into law quickly, and to work out a package of border security, excluding the wall, that’s acceptable to both sides,” Schumer and Pelosi said in a statement. All year, Democrats have insisted that they will block any legislation that contains funding for a wall along the length of the U.S. border with Mexico, a top Trump campaign goal that many Republicans in Congress also do not support. While White House officials have suggested legislation on DACA could move forward without wall funding, White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders disputed the characterization that a deal had been reached to leave it out of any legislation focused on the Dreamers. “While DACA and border security were both discussed, excluding the wall was certainly not agreed to,” she said on Twitter. Throughout his 2016 campaign for president and since taking office in January, Trump has demanded the construction of a wall to keep out illegal immigrants and drugs. He initially said Mexico would pay for the wall but has requested money from the U.S. Congress after the government of Mexico refused to pay. The dinner was the latest effort in a new initiative by Trump to work with opposition party Democrats on major legislation. Following the dinner, a White House official said the president, Schumer and Pelosi discussed tax reform, immigration, border security, infrastructure investments and trade as part of Trump’s bid to reach out to Democrats. “The administration looks forward to continuing these conversations with leadership on both sides of the aisle,” the official said. Over a dinner of Chinese food, Trump and the Democratic leaders also discussed issues related to U.S.-China trade, according to a congressional aide briefed on the meeting. Schumer and Pelosi also said that they urged Trump to make permanent government subsidy payments under the Affordable Care Act, also known as “Obamacare.” “Those discussions will continue,” the lawmakers said. Trump and most Republicans in Congress have demanded the repeal of Obamacare but have been unable to agree on a replacement for the healthcare program that became law in 2010. Using his executive powers, Trump canceled Obama’s DACA program in which about 800,000 undocumented young people have escaped the threat of deportation and been able to apply for work permits in the United States. Trump argued that Obama over-stepped his authority in creating the program. But Trump gave Congress six months to come up with a replacement program in the form of legislation to be enacted into law. Democratic Representative Henry Cuellar, who attended a White House meeting with Trump earlier on Wednesday, told reporters the president said he would not insist on wall funding as part of a Dreamers bill, but would pursue it on other, future legislation. Cuellar said Trump urged lawmakers to link a Republican bill to cut legal immigration to the United States with protections for Dreamers. But many Democrats oppose lowering the cap on annual legal immigration. ",1
1747,"Trump says rich might pay more in taxes, talks with Democrats","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Wednesday that taxes on rich Americans might rise, as he pursues a tax code overhaul and reaches out to both Democrats and Republicans in a push to win support for a plan still far from complete. Trump met with the two top congressional Democrats over dinner at the White House in a search for common ground that could make it easier to get a tax-cut package through Congress. Both sides said the meeting, which covered an array of legislative issues, was productive. Earlier, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said tax reductions would be paid for by faster economic growth. The White House and the Republican-led Congress have yet to put forth a detailed tax plan, despite months of high-level talks that had until recent days excluded Democrats. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said an outline of a plan would be unveiled during the work week beginning Sept. 25, with congressional tax-writing committees crafting detailed legislation in the subsequent weeks. Mnuchin told Fox News Channel the Trump administration would use its own economic assumptions to gauge the impact of its tax cuts on the federal budget deficit and the $20 trillion national debt, a key issue in Washington’s intensifying tax debate. “It will be revenue neutral under our growth assumptions,” Mnuchin said. “So, we can pay for these tax cuts with economic growth.” The administration believes tax cuts will lead to much faster growth than do congressional analysts or most private forecasters, a likely fault line in the debate ahead. As for taxing the rich, Trump said during a meeting with a bipartisan group of lawmakers - his second in as many days - that the wealthy “will not be gaining at all with this plan. ... If they have to go higher, they’ll go higher, frankly.” In a phone call with a small group of reporters, Marc Short, Trump’s legislative affairs director, said the president was not talking about higher tax rates, but that other changes in the tax code could affect the wealthy and how much they pay, the publication Roll Call reported.  Democrats have criticized Republican tax overhaul efforts as benefiting mainly the wealthiest Americans and corporations. Tax experts said Trump could raise taxes on high-income people by lowering the cap on mortgages eligible for interest deductions to $500,000 from $1 million. Another step might be to close a loophole that lets Wall Street fund managers pay low taxes on much of their income, analysts said. Trump might also propose eliminating the deduction for state and local taxes, then use the revenue raised to fund tax cuts for the middle class, leaving top earners with a higher effective tax bill. There has also been talk in the Senate about increasing tax rates on capital gains and dividends. But even with those changes, analysts said it was not clear top earners would end up paying more overall, partly because Trump has also proposed cutting the top individual tax rate. Steven Rosenthal, a senior fellow at the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center think tank in Washington, said Trump was unlikely to raise taxes on investment income. Instead, he said, Trump could close a loophole that largely benefits super-rich financiers, although they may be able to find other ways to avoid taxes. “That’s what I would expect him to do, take a symbolic but ineffective step,” Rosenthal said. Trump hosted Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer and House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi on Wednesday evening to discuss tax overhaul plans and other legislative items. A White House official said the meeting was constructive and covered border security and the status of so-called Dreamers who came to the United States illegally as children, as well as infrastructure and trade, in addition to taxes. “The administration looks forward to continuing these conversations with leadership on both sides of the aisle,” the official said. In a joint statement, Schumer and Pelosi called the meeting “very productive” and said it focused mainly on the plight of the “Dreamers,” nearly 800,000 young immigrants who are able to live and work in the United States legally under the Obama-era DACA program that Trump recently rescinded. “We agreed to enshrine the protections of DACA into law quickly, and to work out a package of border security, excluding the wall, that’s acceptable to both sides,” they said. One of Trump’s major campaign promises was building a wall the entire length of the U.S.-Mexican border.    In his meeting earlier on Wednesday with eight Democratic and five Republican House members, Trump had expressed hope he could bring a fresh bipartisanship to Washington. Asked what his message was to skeptical conservatives who worry he is cozying up to Democrats, Trump said: “I’m a conservative, and I will tell you I’m not skeptical. And I think that if we can do things in a bipartisan manner, that’ll be great. Now it might not work out.” Trump blindsided Republican leaders last week by striking a deal with Schumer and Pelosi on the U.S. debt limit and federal spending for three months. Ryan said the outline being worked on now would reflect the consensus of the House Ways and Means Committee, the Senate Finance Committee and the Trump administration. “I would love to have the Democrats supporting and working with us in a constructive way on tax reform, but we’re going to do it no matter what,” Ryan said. There has been no comprehensive U.S. tax code overhaul since 1986, and starkly different visions embraced by the two parties for how to move forward promise to make the task difficult.  Asked about Trump’s comment on a possible tax increase for the wealthy, House Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady said: “My goal is to lower taxes on every American as much as possible and help them keep more of what they earn.” ",1
1748,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (September 13) - Tax reform, Florida, Clinton","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - The approval process for the biggest Tax Cut & Tax Reform package in the history of our country will soon begin. Move fast Congress! [0728 EDT] - I will be traveling to Florida tomorrow to meet with our great Coast Guard, FEMA and many of the brave first responders & others. [0734 EDT] - With Irma and Harvey devastation, Tax Cuts and Tax Reform is needed more than ever before. Go Congress, go! [0836 EDT]  - China has a business tax rate of 15%. We should do everything possible to match them in order to win with our economy. Jobs and wages! [1022 EDT]  - Crooked Hillary Clinton blames everybody (and every thing) but herself for her election loss. She lost the debates and lost her direction! [1047 EDT]  - The “deplorables” came back to haunt Hillary.They expressed their feelings loud and clear. She spent big money but, in the end, had no game! [1052 EDT]  -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
1749,"Hoping to change his luck in Congress, Trump turns to Democrats","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Fresh off striking a budget deal with Democrats, Donald Trump is toning down his rhetoric and looking to cut deals on such American hot-button issues as immigration and tax reform in search of a much-needed legislative victory. Eight months in office, the Republican president is openly courting and pressuring Democrats for support on taxes and, for now at least, steering away from hardline positions on immigration that might antagonize them. The approach is still in its early stages. In the past Trump has briefly taken a more moderate direction only to quickly return to his conservative base. But White House aides say the driving force behind the change of tactics is a desire to secure some wins in Congress after months of failure. Internal squabbling among Republicans, who control both chambers of Congress, killed their efforts to overhaul healthcare. The divisions threaten to undermine the push for a tax overhaul, especially in the Senate, where Republicans hold a narrow 52-48 majority. “We learned this summer that keeping 50 or 52 Republicans (in the Senate) is not something that’s reliable,” Marc Short, Trump’s liaison to Congress, told reporters this week. Frustrated with Republican leaders, Trump is moving away from a strategy that relies on passing legislation on strict party lines. He hosted seven senators at the White House on Tuesday, including three Democrats, and had dinner plans on Wednesday with House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi and Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer. Hours before the dinner, Trump told reporters his tax plan might include a tax increase on the wealthy, a welcome gesture for Democrats, who oppose cutting taxes on the rich. Trump’s bipartisan moves followed a series of staff changes. He replaced chief of staff Reince Priebus, a longtime Republican operative, with John Kelly, a former Marine general with strong relationships on Capitol Hill, and ousted more polarizing aides, including Steve Bannon and Sebastian Gorka. Last week Trump went so far as to take Democratic Senator Heidi Heitkamp along with him to her home state of North Dakota for a tax-reform rally. Her state leans strongly Republican, and Heitkamp is seen as vulnerable in next year’s midterm elections. Hurricanes that struck Texas and Florida have forced Trump to focus on governing. He has petitioned Congress for financial aid backed by both parties. But not everyone has been pleased with Trump’s outreach to Democrats. Immigration hardliners, including some in his party, were furious when the White House said it would not insist on funding for a proposed Mexican border wall as a condition of legislation that would help young undocumented immigrants known as “Dreamers” who were brought to the United States as children. Conservatives said this forfeited some leverage. Mark Krikorian, executive director of the Center for Immigration Studies, which seeks to limit legal and illegal immigration, said he worried that Democrats would take advantage of Trump’s eagerness to strike a deal on Dreamers. “Trump is the kind of guy who goes on foot to the car dealership and can’t get a ride home without buying a car,” Krikorian said. Some Republican lawmakers said Trump’s courtship of Democrats on tax reform made them nervous, especially since details of the plan had yet to be worked out. “Now Trump is talking about doing bipartisan stuff with Chuck and Nancy on taxes,” Republican Representative Dave Brat said. “I don’t want to open the door to that until we see what does this tax plan look like.” But some conservatives said a bipartisan legislative strategy made sense. “People inside the Republican party need to understand that the president has to search wherever the votes are,” said Matt Schlapp, chairman of the American Conservative Union. ",1
1750,"Liberal, conservative lawmakers offer opposing U.S. healthcare ideas","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. senators unveiled two opposing visions of a healthcare  system in the United States on Wednesday - leading liberals advocating government insurance for all and several Republicans proposing an eleventh-hour repeal of Obamacare to replace it with programs run by the states. Neither plan was thought likely to succeed in a Congress exhausted with fighting over the issue, raising questions over whether lawmakers would instead prop up the health benefits offered under former President Barack Obama’s healthcare law. Independent Senator Bernie Sanders, a 2016 Democratic Party presidential candidate, held a campaign-style gathering at which enthusiasts applauded as he proposed extending the federal Medicare health insurance program for seniors to include everyone. “The American people want to know what we are going to do to fix a dysfunctional healthcare system which costs us twice as much per person as any other country and yet leaves 28 million people uninsured, and even more underinsured,” Sanders declared. Senator Elizabeth Warren, one of 16 Democratic co-sponsors for Sanders’ proposal, told the gathering it was time to go a step beyond Obamacare, the 2010 law officially called the Affordable Care Act that expanded health coverage to 20 million Americans.  “We will say that in this country everyone gets a basic right to healthcare,” Warren said. But in an office building nearby, Republican senators announced they were offering a “last chance” to repeal Obamacare, before a parliamentary procedure allowing them to pass it with a simple majority, instead of a three-fifths majority like most Senate legislation, expires at the end of September. They proposed replacing the law with a program that would give states money in the form of block grants to run their own healthcare programs. Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, one of the plan’s authors, said he was not ready to give up the long-held Republican goal of repealing Obamacare despite a stunning failure to muster enough votes within the party this summer to kill the law. “The idea that the Republican party has done its best to repeal and replace Obamacare is a joke,” said Graham, who was joined by fellow Republican Bill Cassidy in the effort. A system of U.S. government-run healthcare for all is anathema to many Republicans, who think the hybrid Obamacare system in which government subsidizes private health insurance already was a step too far. Republicans’ last attempt in July to overturn Obamacare fell one vote short in the Senate in a humiliating defeat for President Donald Trump and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. In addition to the Sanders and Graham-Cassidy proposals, a bipartisan effort is under way in the Senate health committee to repair Obamacare without repealing it, by protecting subsidies that are paid to insurance companies to help offset discounts under the program. McConnell this week declined to comment on either the Cassidy-Graham bill or the bipartisan health committee effort, saying the way forward was not clear. The Republican leader is not expected to bring Sanders’ proposal to the Senate floor for a vote.  Trump applauded Graham and Cassidy, saying he hoped the senators “have found a way to address the Obamacare crisis.” Trump has frequently complained that Obamacare is in crisis. Democrats dispute this but many admit there is room for improvement. A greater than expected mixture of sick and healthy customers hampered Obamacare from the start, leading to large premium increases and many counties have just one insurer.    ",1
1751,"With or without Democratic director, U.S. consumer watchdog to be weakened","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Whether or not Richard Cordray stays as head of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) until his term ends in July, the agency’s ability to rein in Wall Street will be severely weakened, political insiders, lawyers and consumer advocates said. Doubts are growing that the Democratic director of America’s top consumer watchdog will leave his post to run for Ohio governor, as had been widely speculated, after a lackluster Labor Day speech sparked anxiety over his campaign appeal, according to some party insiders. Cordray, whose term at the CFPB ends in July 2018, is not expected to announce any decision to run until the regulator releases long-awaited rules restricting payday lenders, which are expected within weeks, according to multiple sources. Cordray has evaded questions from the Republican chairman on the House of Representatives Financial Services committee, Jeb Hensarling, about his plans, writing in a recent letter: “At this time, I have no further insights to provide on that subject.” Even if Cordray stays, he will not enjoy a reprieve from Republican efforts to defang the agency which they believe is too powerful and restricts the flow of credit. “He has been under constant attack in his position because of the threat he poses to the status quo on Wall Street,” said Karl Frisch, executive director of Allied Progress, a consumer advocacy group which has called for Cordray to stay on. “I would imagine that would continue regardless of how long he stays in the job.” Some Republicans, including Hensarling, have introduced legislation to weaken and even dismantle the agency which was created as part of the post-crisis Dodd Frank Act. While those bills have not gotten far, Cordray will still have to play defense against a Republican-dominated Congress poised to suffocate new CFPB rules using the Congressional Review Act, a mechanism already used to kill 14 Obama-era regulations. Lawmakers are also considering amending the government budget to bring the CFPB’s funding, currently provided by the independent Federal Reserve, under the control of Congress, potentially allowing Republicans to starve the agency of resources. President Donald Trump could also take the more extreme step of intervening to remove Cordray.  A court ruling last year said the president should be able to fire the CFPB director without cause, which the CFPB is appealing. Even if the CFPB is victorious, Trump may still seek to use causes allowed by the law, such as inefficiency or neglect of duty, to get Cordray out of the way, according to legal experts. The CFPB has declined to comment multiple times on Cordray’s plans, possible successors or how it would operate in his absence. Since Trump came to power, the CFPB has raced to finish outstanding rule proposals and taken numerous enforcement actions, hoping to lock in its work in case Trump appoints a pro-Wall Street replacement, said Quyen Truong, a partner at law firm Stroock & Stroock & Lavan, who was the assistant director and deputy general counsel for the CFPB until early 2016. If Cordray quits or is removed, Dodd-Frank requires his deputy to step up temporarily but lawyers say the legitimacy of that step could be challenged. The act may be superseded by a law that allows the president to temporarily fill vacancies.  Alan Kaplinsky, head of the Consumer Financial Services Group at law firm Ballard Spahr and a Cordray critic, said the White House is widely expected to appoint Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin as an interim replacement, who would then delegate his duties to lower-ranking officials. Scrapping a new rule allowing bank and credit-card customers to band together in class-action lawsuits and tougher regulation of payday lenders will likely be a Trump appointee’s first moves, Kaplinsky said. This could be done by delaying the rule’s effective date for further study, a common Washington tactic used to stall the implementation of regulation indefinitely. An acting director could also dramatically scale back the consumer complaint database, a key tool the CFPB uses to resolve disputes for individuals and to identify corporate malfeasance, Truong said. Meanwhile, she said, the agency will continue pursuing enforcement cases, but those will likely be much smaller in scope. Jeff Emerson, a spokesperson for Hensarling, said any new director would naturally be bound by the law, but this person would have “a lot of discretion” to make changes. ",1
1752,Difficult to cut U.S. corporate tax rate below 26 percent: study,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and Republicans in Congress would have a hard time slashing the corporate tax rate to below 26 percent, even if they eliminated nearly every business tax preference, according to a study released on Wednesday. The analysis by the Tax Policy Center, a nonpartisan think tank, found Republicans might have to expand the federal budget deficit to cut the corporate rate to Trump’s proposed 15 percent or to the 23 percent level sought by leading tax policymakers from Congress and the administration. The corporate income tax rate is now 35 percent, although many companies pay far less than that thanks to abundant loopholes. “There’s a lower boundary on this and it’s much higher than what the president and congressional Republicans say,” said Howard Gleckman, a senior fellow at the center. “The most likely outcome is that they’re not going to reduce corporate taxes as much as they’d like to,” he said. Republicans have vowed to slash business tax rates, saying it would boost economic growth and help create jobs. Eliminating tax breaks are a main focus of closed-door negotiations on Capitol Hill and in the White House. But no policymakers have gone as far as the Tax Policy Center did in its study, measuring the impact of throwing out hundreds of tax breaks, including subsidies for research, alternative energy, fossil fuels and domestic manufacturing. “In a revenue-neutral bill, Congress can’t get the rate below 26 percent even if it eliminates nearly every corporate tax expenditure,” Gleckman said in a blog posting accompanying the study.  White House officials and conservatives in Congress, including Senator Ted Cruz, have called for deficit-funded tax cuts as a way to spur economic growth. But analysts warn that expanding the deficit would undermine economic growth by raising the federal debt burden and forcing interest rates higher. Gleckman said policymakers could pay for tax cuts by finding new sources of revenue to compensate for lower rates, rather than expanding the deficit. But Republicans have already rejected revenue-raising options, including a border adjustment import tax and a carbon tax. The study was funded by the nonprofit Peter G. Peterson Foundation. ",1
1753,Democrats ask Trump administration to consult on refugee decision,"WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Two high-ranking Democrats in the U.S. Senate asked the Trump administration on Wednesday to provide information on any plans to cut refugee admissions to historically low levels, saying Congress had not yet been consulted as required by law. “To date, we have not received a proposed refugee admissions plan for fiscal year 2018 or received any cooperation from your agencies in scheduling the refugee consultation,” Senator Richard Durbin and Senator Dianne Feinstein wrote in a letter seen by Reuters. The letter was sent on Wednesday to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Acting Secretary of Homeland Security Elaine Duke, and Secretary of Health and Human Services Tom Price. “We request that the proposed refugee admissions report be transmitted to Congress promptly and that we immediately begin the process of scheduling the consultation,” the letter said. By law, the president is required to consult with members of Congress about the number of refugee admissions before the start of each fiscal year, which is Oct. 1. A White House spokeswoman declined to discuss specific numbers but said the administration’s approach to refugee resettlement would be guided by the “safety and security of the American People, the protection of U.S. taxpayers, and the application of U.S. resources in a manner that stretches our dollars to help the most people.” The Department of Homeland Security declined to comment. The State Department and Department of Health and Human Services did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Since the U.S. Refugee Act was signed in 1980, the ceiling has never been set below 67,000 and in recent years has hovered around 70,000 to 80,000. The number of refugees actually admitted to the country can fall below the cap, and dropped to its lowest level in the fiscal year after the Sept. 11, 2001 terror attacks with only around 27,000 admitted. (For a graphic on refugee admissions click on: tmsnrt.rs/2f5Y7Ds) For fiscal 2017, which ends Sept. 30, former President Barack Obama established a cap of 110,000 refugees for permanent resettlement in the United States. After taking office, President Donald Trump issued an executive order lowering the maximum number to 50,000 for fiscal 2017, saying that more would be “detrimental to the interests of the United States.”     “There have been a lot of signals that Trump has set his sights on a presidential determination of 50,000” for 2018, said Anna Greene, a senior director at the International Rescue Committee. “But we have been concerned that the more ideological wing of the White House is trying to drive that number to much, much lower.”     The proposed RAISE Act, which the White House has endorsed, calls for lower immigration overall and a statutory limit on the number of refugees offered permanent residency to no more than 50,000.      Reports that the 2018 cap might be set below 50,000 raised alarm bells for Democrats in the House of Representatives and the Senate.     “By any measure, Donald Trump’s reported consideration of a refugee ceiling of 50,000 or lower is extreme. But it is particularly reprehensible given the current global refugee and humanitarian crisis,” said Democratic U.S. Representatives John Conyers, Jr. and Zoe Lofgren in a statement on Wednesday.  If the United States slashes refugee admissions, other countries could decide to do so as well, said Robert Carey, the former director of the Office of Refugee Resettlement under the Department of Health and Human Services in the Obama administration.     “Lives will be lost, people will die. The people who are being resettled, they are the most vulnerable people,” said Carey who left government in January and is working as a consultant.     “There is a running misperception that these are not thoroughly vetted individuals,” he said. “These are the most thoroughly vetted individuals who will enter the U.S. under any status.”     Groups that support lower levels of immigration overall say that the refugee resettlement program should be reevaluated. “There are security concerns for refugees from some places and we also need to consider the cost of resettlement to communities where refugees are being resettled,” said Jessica Vaughan, of the Center for Immigration Studies, which aims to limit immigration.",1
1754,Senate rejects bid to repeal war authorizations,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate rejected an amendment on Wednesday that would have forced the repeal of war resolutions used as the legal basis for U.S. military actions in Iraq, Afghanistan and against extremists in Syria and other countries. The Senate voted 61 to 36 to kill the measure, which six months after it became law would have put an end to authorizations for the use of military force (AUMF) passed in 2001 and 2002.  The legislation was offered by Republican Senator Rand Paul as an amendment to a must-pass annual defense policy bill, which lawmakers are using as a vehicle to gain a greater say in national security policy. Paul’s measure was aimed at asserting the constitutional right of Congress to approve military action, rather than the president. Some of the other amendments address issues such as sanctions on North Korea and President Donald Trump’s ban on transgender troops in the military. Many members of Congress are concerned the 2001 AUMF, passed days after the Sept. 11 attacks to authorize the fight against al Qaeda and affiliates, has been used too broadly as the legal basis for a wide range of military action in too many countries. The majority of support for the amendment came from Democrats, who joined Paul in arguing that it is long past time for Congress to debate a new authorization for the use of force. “We should oppose unauthorized, undeclared, unconstitutional war. At this particular time, there are no limits on war,” Paul said. Republicans control majorities in both the Senate and House of Representatives. Only two other Republicans backed the amendment. Opponents said it would endanger U.S. forces already deployed in conflicts overseas by generating uncertainty about their mission. “Repealing the 2001 and 2002 AUMFs without simultaneously passing a new authorization would be premature, it would be irresponsible,” said Republican Senator John McCain, chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee. However, McCain and several other senators who spoke against the amendment said they would back efforts to pass a new authorization through so-called “regular order,” including hearings and debate. A growing number of lawmakers argue that using the 2001 authorization is especially questionable for the campaign against Islamic State, which did not exist when it was passed, and fights against al Qaeda in Syria and elsewhere. ",1
1755,Two Democratic senators threaten to hold up Trump EPA nominee,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two Democratic senators said on Wednesday they may hold up the confirmation of President Donald Trump’s Environmental Protection Agency nominee Susan Bodine until she explains her advisory role at the agency, which may violate federal law. Senators Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island and Jeff Merkley of Oregon sent a list of questions to Bodine, Trump’s pick to head up the EPA’s Office of Enforcement and Compliance Assistance, about her current role as special counsel to EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt while she waits out the confirmation process. Whitehouse and Merkley said by advising Pruitt on enforcement matters before being confirmed by the Senate, Bodine may be violating the Federal Vacancies Reform Act that prohibits nominees from assuming the authorities of the office before being confirmed by Congress. “Your appointment creates the appearance, and perhaps the effect, of circumventing the Senate’s constitutional advice and consent responsibility for the position to which you have been nominated,” the Senators wrote.   This means that subjects of EPA enforcement actions could potentially challenge the validity of these actions in court if her role in these decisions is deemed “improper,” they said.  Pruitt is the only EPA appointee to have been confirmed since Trump took office in January. Bodine is still awaiting a full Senate vote after her Senate confirmation hearing in July, while four other assistant administrator nominees are set for confirmation hearings on Sept. 20. Democratic lawmakers have been at odds with Pruitt since his narrow-margin confirmation in February over his close ties to industry, his doubts about human-caused climate change, planned drastic cuts of the EPA’s budget and workforce and ethics requirements for political appointees. The senators also asked Bodine if she was involved in a recent EPA decision to enforce an Obama-era rule to regulate methane leaks from new oil and gas infrastructure on a “case by case” basis rather than fully enforcing it. Republican Senator John Barrasso of Wyoming, chair of the Senate environment committee, said Bodine should get her full Senate vote immediately. “It is a shame that the critical post of the assistant administrator charged with leading enforcement at the EPA remains unfilled,” Barrasso said through a spokesman.  The EPA was not immediately available for comment. ",1
1756,"Top House intelligence panel Democrat wants testimony from Facebook, Twitter","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top Democrat on the U.S. House of Representatives Intelligence Committee said on Wednesday that representatives of Facebook Inc (FB.O) and Twitter Inc (TWTR.N) should appear before the panel to discuss Russian activity during the 2016 election. “We do, I think, need the representatives of social media companies to come before our committee either in open or closed session,” Representative Adam Schiff told reporters at the U.S. Capitol. Schiff’s committee is one of the main congressional panels investigating alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election, including allegations that associates of President Donald Trump colluded with Moscow as it sought to boost his chances of winning the White House. Trump and the Russian administration deny interference or collusion. The investigations include looking into how Russian entities may have used social media platforms such as Facebook and Twitter to promote events and spread false news stories attacking Trump’s Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton. A spokesman for Facebook declined specific response, but said: “We will continue our cooperation with the relevant investigative authorities looking into that subject.” A Twitter representative did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Facebook said on Tuesday that some ads bought by Russians last year promoted events during the U.S. presidential campaign. The company said its takedown of what it last week called Russian-affiliated pages included shutting down “several promoted events.” [nL2N1LT2IT] “It certainly appears that the Russians were engaged in a multi-pronged approach in using social media, through paid advertising, through paid event organizing, through dissemination and amplification of false and negative stories,” Schiff said. He said the committee needed to hear from the companies in either classified or public settings, to assess how the Russians had used social media, how the companies had investigated on their own and what else needed to be done.    ",1
1757,U.S. will not issue some visas in 4 nations in deportation crackdown,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department on Wednesday will stop issuing certain kinds of visas to some citizens of Cambodia, Eritrea, Guinea and Sierra Leone because the nations are not taking back their citizens the United States wants to deport. The new policies, laid out in State Department cables reviewed by Reuters on Tuesday and described in a department news briefing, are the latest example of U.S. President Donald Trump’s effort to crack down on immigrants who are in the United States illegally. The cables, sent by Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to consular officials around the world, said the four countries were “denying or unreasonably delaying” the return of their citizens, and that visa restrictions would be lifted in a country if it accepted its deportees. “The Secretary determines the categories of applicants subject to the visa restrictions, and the categories differ slightly country by country,” State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said in the news briefing on Tuesday.  The visa sanctions vary in severity, with Eritrea facing the harshest ones. Any Eritreans who apply in their own country for most U.S. business or tourist visas will be rejected, according to one of the cables. (bit.ly/2jnTWo8) In Guinea, the United States will no longer issue a range of tourist, business and student visas to government officials and their immediate family members who apply from inside the country, another cable said. (bit.ly/2y5zMSS) “We are all surprised by the American authorities’ decision but the foreign minister is at this moment working so that the situation returns to normal,” Guinea government spokesman Damantang Albert Camara told Reuters. “It must be understood that Guinea has never wanted to prevent the repatriation of its nationals who are in conflict with American law.”  In Cambodia, the sanction is tailored. Only Foreign Ministry employees at or above the rank of director general, and their families, who apply inside the country will be barred from getting some visas for personal travel, a third cable said. (bit.ly/2y5AEHh) For Sierra Leone, only Foreign Ministry and immigration officials will be denied tourist and business visas at the U.S. Embassy in Freetown, according to a fourth cable. (bit.ly/2wptf3v) “American citizens have been harmed because foreign governments refuse to take back their citizens,” Thomas Homan, acting director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, said in a Department of Homeland Security statement. In each case, there are exceptions for citizens of the four nations who apply for visas from outside their countries, as well as exceptions on humanitarian grounds or for travel “deemed in the interest of the United States.” The new rules, which go into effect on Wednesday, do not affect visas that already have been granted. Visa sanctions are allowed by U.S. immigration law to punish countries that refuse to accept their citizens back from the United States. In practice, the United States has rarely taken that step - just twice in the past decade and a half, according to a Department of Homeland Security spokesman. The most recent instance was in October 2016 when the Obama administration stopped issuing visas to Gambian government officials and their families because the government was not taking back U.S. deportees from Gambia.  Three of the four countries included in the current visa restrictions - Cambodia, Guinea, and Eritrea - were on a July list of nations deemed “recalcitrant” by U.S. immigration authorities. It was unclear immediately why Sierra Leone was included in Tuesday’s action even though it was not on the “recalcitrant” list in July.  ICE has had to release roughly 2,137 Guineans and 831 Sierra Leone nationals, many with “serious criminal convictions,” the DHS statement said. In addition, around 700 Eritreans and more than 1,900 Cambodians are living in the United States who have been ordered removed, DHS said. DHS officials say in some cases, the agency has had no choice but to release convicted criminals who served prison time but could not be returned to their home country because it refused to take them back. The Trump administration has made it a priority to pressure reluctant countries to take back their citizens. As of July, the 12 nations deemed “recalcitrant” were China, Cuba, Vietnam, Laos, Iran, Cambodia, Burma, Morocco, Hong Kong, South Sudan, Guinea and Eritrea. According to 2016 congressional testimony by Michele Bond, former assistant secretary of state for consular affairs, Cuba was the “most recalcitrant country on repatriation of its nationals,” although she did not give numbers. Other countries then at the top of the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) list of recalcitrant countries were China, Somalia and India, Bond said at the time. None of those countries are facing visa sanctions. ",1
1758,Democrats probe whether Flynn pushed nuclear project as Trump aide,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic lawmakers are investigating whether retired U.S. General Michael Flynn secretly promoted a U.S.-Russian project to build dozens of nuclear reactors in the Middle East after becoming President Donald Trump’s first national security adviser. Representatives Elijah Cummings and Eliot Engel made the disclosure in a letter they sent on Tuesday to Flynn’s lawyer and executives of the private firms that developed the project. Flynn’s  now-defunct company worked as a consultant on it. Robert Kelner, Flynn’s lawyer, declined to comment. Separately on Wednesday, NBC News reported that Flynn’s son, Michael Flynn Jr., is being investigated by Special Counsel Robert Mueller as part of his inquiry into U.S. allegations that Russia meddled in the 2016 presidential election. Flynn worked for his father’s consulting firm. A lawyer for Flynn Jr. declined to comment to NBC. “The American people deserve to know whether General Flynn was secretly promoting the private interests of these businesses while he was a (Trump) campaign adviser, transition official, or President Trump’s national security adviser,” Cummings and Engel said in the letter made public on Wednesday. They asked Flynn’s lawyer and executives of the companies involved to provide “all communications” they had with Flynn or other administration officials during Flynn’s association with Trump. The project proposes to build 40 nuclear reactors across the Middle East that would feed a regional electric grid. The reactors would be “proliferation proof,” meaning they could not be used to produce fuel for nuclear weapons. A promotional slide of the project said security would be provided by Rosoboron, a Russian state-owned arms exporter that is under U.S. sanctions. The sanctions imposed during the administration of former President Barack Obama soured relations between Moscow and Washington and Trump said in his election campaign that he wanted to improve those ties. Intelligence reports indicate that some Trump associates may have violated a law called the Logan Act, which prohibits unauthorized U.S. citizens from negotiating with a foreign government that has a dispute with the United States, sources familiar with the reports said. Cummings, the top Democrat on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, and Engel, the senior Democrat on the House Foreign Relations Committee, asked that the documents be provided by Oct. 4. The retired general is a central figure in Mueller’s investigation into whether Trump aides colluded with Russia to boost Trump’s campaign. Russia has denied interfering in the U.S. election and Trump has said there was no collusion. Trump, who took office on Jan. 20, fired Flynn on Feb. 13, 18 days after a top Justice Department official warned that the former Defense Intelligence Agency director could be blackmailed because Moscow knew he made misleading statements about his contacts with Russian officials. Cummings and Engel sent their letter as part of an inquiry into the renewal of Flynn’s 2016 Top Secret security clearance. They said Flynn failed to disclose a June 2015 trip he made to Egypt and Israel to promote the reactor project to investigators reviewing his renewal application and that he also did not list the foreigners with whom he met. The lawmakers wrote that replies from the executives and Kelner to a June letter confirmed that Flynn made the trip. “Based on your responses, it appears that General Flynn violated federal law,” they wrote. “Since these violations carry criminal penalties of up to five years in prison, we are providing your responses to Special Counsel Robert Mueller,” they wrote to Kelner, Alex G. Copson of X-Co Dynamics/ACU Strategic Partners, and retired Rear Admiral Michael Hewitt of X-Co Dynamics/Ironbridge Group/IP3. All are private companies. “Second, your responses raise significant questions about whether General Flynn continued to communicate with you and others about this project after the presidential election, after Donald Trump was sworn in as president, and after General Flynn assumed the post of national security adviser - without disclosing his foreign travel or contacts,” the lawmakers added. Donald Gross, counsel for ACU Strategic Partners, said the company has cooperated with the oversight committee in providing information about the project being developed along with Hewitt’s IP3, and “General Flynn’s limited involvement in June 2015.” Hewitt did not respond to a LinkedIn message seeking comment. The proposed reactor project would be funded by Saudi Arabia and other Gulf Arab states and built and run by a consortium of U.S., Russian, French, Dutch, Arab, British, Ukrainian and Israeli firms.  ",1
1759,Trump says wealthy might have to accept higher taxes under his tax plan,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Wednesday that under his tax reform plan, wealthy Americans would not gain and might have to pay higher taxes. Meeting with a bipartisan group of lawmakers at the White House, Trump said his main goal is to cut taxes for the middle class and cut corporate taxes to enhance job growth. “The rich will not be gaining at all with this plan. We are looking for the middle class and we are looking for jobs - jobs being the economy. So we’re looking at middle class and we’re looking at jobs,” he said. “I think the wealthy will be pretty much where they are, pretty much where they are. … If they have to go higher, they’ll go higher,” he said. ",1
1760,"Trump wants to work with Schumer, Pelosi on tax reform: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will host Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer and House of Representatives’ top Democrat Nancy Pelosi on Wednesday night to discuss tax reform and other items on the legislative agenda, the White House said. The president will meet the two top Democrats “for bipartisan discussions on the upcoming legislative agenda, with a focus on tax reform,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said.      ",1
1761,Trump applauds senators for new healthcare reform bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump applauded two Republican U.S. senators for introducing a healthcare reform bill on Wednesday that would repeal and replace former President Barack Obama’s signature health insurance program, the White House said in a statement. Trump said he hoped that Senators Lindsey Graham and Bill Cassidy, who offered legislation that would give states money in the form of block grants instead of the federal funding they get under Obamacare, “have found a way to address the Obamacare crisis.” ",1
1762,"Former U.S. Senator Pete Domenici, heavyweight on budget, energy issues, dies","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Pete Domenici, a former minor league baseball pitcher who became a major league power player in the U.S. Senate on energy and budget issues and New Mexico’s longest-serving senator, died on Wednesday in Albuquerque at age 85. Domenici, a Republican, served as chairman of the Budget Committee and Energy and Natural Resources Committee during his 36 years in the Senate before deciding not to seek re-election in 2008 due to a degenerative brain disease. Brandi Sanchez, a spokeswoman for his son’s law firm in Albuquerque, confirmed the death of the former senator. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell wrote on Twitter that the Senate was saddened to learn of “the passing of our friend Senator Pete Domenici.”       Domenici, the son of Italian immigrants, was a key player in a 1997 balanced budget measure negotiated with Democratic President Bill Clinton and was a prominent supporter of nuclear energy. He also fought for greater health insurance coverage for people with mental illness. His daughter Clare, one of his eight children with wife Nancy, was diagnosed with schizophrenia. Domenici was instrumental in the Senate in securing Republican President Ronald Reagan’s 1981 tax cuts, Republican President George H.W. Bush’s 1990 tax hikes and the 1997 budget deal reached between Clinton and Republicans. He was considered a leading “deficit hawk.” Domenici was a pragmatic conservative Republican who was able to work with Senate Democrats like Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts. “My success as a senator has come only through working together with my Senate colleagues from all parties - they know that and I know that,” he said in 2007. That success came after friends urged Domenici not to go into politics to spare him from personal attacks. “Obviously, I didn’t listen to them,” he said. “And I’m glad I didn’t. I have found politics to not be as harsh as my friends predicted. For the most part, it’s been just the opposite.” Domenici was not in good health in his final years in the Senate. In October 2007, at age 75, he announced his decision not to seek a seventh six-year term in the Senate the following year due to progression of the incurable brain disorder called frontotemporal lobar degeneration. In February 2013, Domenici at age 80 acknowledged he had fathered a child out of wedlock in the 1970s with the daughter of Paul Laxalt, who at the time was one of his colleagues in the Senate. Domenici and Michelle Laxalt, who was 24 at the time, made the admission because they said they feared the information would be made public to try to smear Domenici’s reputation. She became an influential Washington lobbyist. Domenici was born in 1932 in Albuquerque, New Mexico. He graduated from the University of New Mexico in 1954 and then pitched for the Albuquerque Dukes, a minor league club for the Brooklyn Dodgers. “If he had a better curveball, he probably never would have been in the Senate,” Ari Fleischer, a former White House spokesman and Domenici aide, told USA Today in 2007. After baseball, Domenici became a math teacher, lawyer and Albuquerque city commissioner before being elected to the U.S. Senate in 1972, becoming New Mexico’s first Republican senator in 38 years. He was a powerful advocate for his state in Congress and helped steer money to U.S. Energy Department nuclear facilities such as the Los Alamos National Laboratory. George H.W. Bush considered making Domenici his vice presidential running mate in 1988 before choosing Dan Quayle, a less prominent senator. Near the end of his political career, the Senate Ethics Committee admonished Domenici in April 2008 for creating “an appearance of impropriety that reflected unfavorably upon the Senate” when he telephoned the top federal prosecutor in New Mexico to ask if an indictment in a politically sensitive corruption case would come before the November 2006 elections. ",1
1763,Former Trump adviser Flynn's son being probed over Russia: NBC,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The son of U.S. President Donald Trump’s former national security adviser Michael Flynn is being investigated as part of the ongoing federal probe into alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election, NBC News reported on Wednesday. Citing four current and former U.S. officials, NBC said it was unclear when the probe into Michael Flynn Jr. began. But is said it was at least partly focused on his work for the lobbying firm run by his father, already a known subject of the U.S. probe that is also examining any potential collusion by Trump’s campaign.   The younger Flynn has denied any collusion with Russia, according to NBC. Lawyers for both men declined to comment to NBC.  ",1
1764,Trump administration sued over phone searches at U.S. borders,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration has engaged in an unconstitutional practice of searching without a warrant the phones and laptops of Americans who are stopped at the border, a lawsuit filed on Wednesday alleged. Ten U.S. citizens and one lawful permanent resident sued the Department of Homeland Security in federal court, saying the searches and prolonged confiscation of their electronic devices violate privacy and free speech protections of the U.S. Constitution. DHS could not be immediately reached for comment. The lawsuit comes as the number of searches of electronic devices has surged in recent years, alarming civil rights advocates. U.S. Customs and Border Patrol reported in April that searches increased from 8,500 in fiscal year 2015 to about 19,000 in fiscal year 2016. The agency has conducted nearly 15,000 in the first half of fiscal year 2017. The suit, filed in a U.S. District Court in Massachusetts, is being brought by travelers including a military veteran, a NASA engineer, two journalists and a computer programmer. The Electronic Frontier Foundation and the American Civil Liberties Union, who are representing the travelers, said that several of the plaintiffs are Muslim or minorities. Suhaib Allababidi, a U.S. citizen who lives in Texas and a plaintiff in the case, said in an interview that he was stopped by Customs and Border Patrol on Jan. 21 at the Dallas airport after returning from a business trip to Dubai.  Allababidi said he declined to unlock his personal phone for the officers after allowing them to search his separate business phone. The officers confiscated both his phones, Allababidi said, and returned his business phone to him two months later. The government has still not returned his personal phone after more than seven months, he said. “You are left in the dark with no answers,” Allababidi said. “Will I get my phone back, did I do anything wrong? ... They took my phone, and that’s all I know.” Generally, U.S. law enforcement is required to obtain a warrant before it can search an American’s electronic devices.  But a so-called border search exception allows federal authorities to conduct searches within 100 miles (160 km) of a U.S. border without a warrant. In April, Democratic Senator Ron Wyden and Republican Senator Rand Paul introduced legislation that would require a warrant before federal agents search devices at the border that belong to a U.S. citizen or permanent resident, except in some emergency circumstances. ",1
1765,Republican Senator Cruz pushes 15-20 percent corporate tax rate,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Ted Cruz, a key conservative in the U.S. Senate, on Wednesday said tax reform should slash the corporate income tax rate to 15-20 percent from the current 35 percent rate, substantially below the 20-25 percent range being targeted by the Trump administration and Republicans in Congress. In a speech at a tax forum, Cruz also opened the door to expanding the deficit to pay for tax cuts and said Congress should pass a 2018 budget resolution with a 20-30 year window, arguing that doing so would better ensure that tax reform leads to long-lasting economic growth. ",1
1766,Ryan urges DACA fix with broader immigration reform: AP,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Wednesday he did not think people brought to the United States illegally as children should be deported but fixing a program that shields them must be part of larger immigration changes. “I do believe that kicking these 800,000 kids out to countries that they’ve probably not been to since they were toddlers, in countries that speak languages they may not even know, is not in our nations’ interest,” Ryan told The Associated Press in an interview.  ",1
1767,"House Speaker Ryan leaves door open on taxes, deficit","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan on Wednesday left the door open on whether Republicans’ tax overhaul would increase the nation’s deficit or follow Republicans’ long-standing principle that the cost of any legislation be offset by government spending cuts. Asked if their tax plan would be revenue neutral, Ryan told the Associated Press in an interview: “We want pro-growth tax reform that will get the economy growing, that will get people back to work, that will give middle-class taxpayers a tax cut, and that will put American businesses on a better competitive playing field... That is more important than anything else.”  ",1
1768,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (Sept 13) - Tax reform, Florida","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - The approval process for the biggest Tax Cut & Tax Reform package in the history of our country will soon begin. Move fast Congress! [0728 EDT] - I will be traveling to Florida tomorrow to meet with our great Coast Guard, FEMA and many of the brave first responders & others. [0734 EDT] - With Irma and Harvey devastation, Tax Cuts and Tax Reform is needed more than ever before. Go Congress, go! [0836 EDT]  -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
1769,"Democratic leaders Schumer, Pelosi to dine with Trump Wednesday","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump invited Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer and House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi to dine with him on Wednesday night, Democratic sources familiar with the situation said. The two Democratic leaders will push the Republican president on legislation they want passed to protect youth brought to the United States illegally - a proposal known as the DREAM act, as well as on stabilizing the health care markets, Democratic aides said. ",1
1770,Tax reform framework will appear end-Sept.: Congress source,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. congressional leaders and White House officials will release a document during the week of Sept. 25 outlining the framework for tax reform, a congressional source said on Wednesday. Afterward, the goal is for Congress to finish the budget process by mid-October, the source said.  ",1
1771,"Ryan says tax reform outline reflects consensus of lawmakers, administration","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Wednesday he was confident President Donald Trump would push for conservative tax reform and that an outline of a plan to be presented next week reflects consensus between tax writers in Congress and the Trump administration. “On the week of Sept 25, there’s going to be an outline that is released which reflects the consensus of the tax-writing committees - Ways and Means and Finance - and the administration,” Ryan said at a news conference. “Then the tax writing committees are going to take feedback and input and then they’re going to go produce their bills in the weeks ahead. And so this is the beginning of the process.” Asked if he was confident Trump would push for conservative reform, given his cooperation with Democrats last week on the debt ceiling, Ryan said, “Yes.” ",1
1772,Supreme Court allows broad Trump refugee ban,"WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday allowed President Donald Trump to broadly implement a ban on refugees entering the country from around the world. The justices granted a request from the Trump administration to block a federal appeals court decision that, according to the Justice Department, would have allowed up to 24,000 additional refugees to enter the United States than would otherwise have been eligible. The Supreme Court ruling gives Trump a partial victory as the high court prepares for a key October hearing on the constitutionality of Trump’s controversial executive order, which banned travelers from six Muslim-majority countries and limited refugee admissions.  The March 6 order suspended travel for people from Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen for 90 days and locked out most aspiring refugees for 120 days in a move the Republican president argued was needed to prevent terrorist attacks and allow the government to put in place more stringent vetting procedures. The order took effect in late June, following a Supreme Court ruling that narrowed the scope of lower court rulings.  In a ruling last week, the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals said grandparents, aunts, uncles and cousins of legal U.S. residents would be exempt from the travel ban. The Justice Department opted not to appeal that part of the 9th Circuit decision. However, the 9th Circuit also ruled that Trump’s refugee policy was too broad, and the court allowed entry to refugees from around the world if they had a formal offer from a resettlement agency.  The Justice Department appealed, and the full Supreme Court on Tuesday sided with the administration in a one-sentence order. Naureen Shah, Amnesty International USA’s senior director of campaigns, said the refugee ban is inherently cruel. “The Supreme Court today has dealt yet another devastating blow to vulnerable people who were on the cusp of obtaining safety for themselves and their families,” she said. “They continue to be subjected to unimaginable violence and fear while their lives are in limbo.” Earlier on Tuesday the state of Hawaii, which challenged the policy, said in a court filing that the U.S. government could still “bar tens of thousands of refugees from entering the country.” All the 9th Circuit ruling did is “protect vulnerable refugees and the American entities that have been eagerly preparing to welcome them to our shores,” Hawaii’s lawyers added. Hawaii Attorney General Doug Chin said he respected the Supreme Court’s decision and is preparing for the hearing there on Oct. 10.  ",1
1773,Congress votes to call on Trump to denounce hate groups,"(Reuters) - The U.S. Congress passed a resolution late on Tuesday calling on President Donald Trump to condemn hate groups after Trump was criticized for his response to the violence at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, a month ago. The U.S. House of Representatives unanimously adopted the resolution, U.S. Representative Gerry Connolly, a Democrat from Virginia, said in a statement. The Senate approved the measure on Monday. “Tonight, the House of Representatives spoke in one unified voice to unequivocally condemn the shameful and hate-filled acts of violence carried out by the KKK (Ku Klux Klan), white nationalists, white supremacists and neo-Nazis in Charlottesville,” Connolly said. The joint resolution, passed with the support of both Republicans and Democrats, will go to Trump for his signature.  Representatives for the White House did not respond immediately to an email seeking comment. The Congressional resolution calls on Trump to condemn hate groups and what it describes as the growing prevalence of extremists who support anti-Semitism, xenophobia and white supremacy. It also urges Attorney General Jeff Sessions to investigate acts of violence and intimidation by white nationalists, neo-Nazis, the Ku Klux Klan and similar groups. Trump alienated fellow Republicans, corporate leaders and U.S. allies and rattled markets last month with comments about the violence in Charlottesville, where white nationalists and neo-Nazis clashed with anti-racism activists on Aug. 12. One woman, Heather Heyer, was killed and several people were wounded when a suspected white nationalist crashed his car into anti-racist demonstrators. The Congressional resolution calls Heyer’s death a “domestic terrorist attack.” James Alex Fields, a 20-year-old Ohio man who authorities say drove into Heyer and other protesters, has been charged with second-degree murder and other criminal counts.  On Aug. 12, Trump denounced hatred and violence “on many sides,” a comment that drew sharp criticism from across the political spectrum for not condemning white nationalists.  White nationalists had gathered in Charlottesville to protest against the planned removal of a statue of Robert E. Lee, who led the pro-slavery Confederacy’s army during the U.S. Civil War. Trump defended Confederate monuments last month. At a rally in Phoenix on Aug. 22, Trump accused television networks of ignoring his calls for unity in the aftermath of the violence in Charlottesville. “I didn’t say I love you because you’re black, or I love you because you’re white,” Trump said at the rally. “I love all the people of our country.” The resolution also acknowledged the deaths of two Virginia State Police officers whose helicopter crashed as they patrolled the Charlottesville protest. ",1
1774,"U.S. corporate tax cut goal in doubt, Trump dines with senators","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin cast doubt on President Donald Trump’s chances of cutting the corporate tax rate to 15 percent, while Trump met with six senators including three Democrats who set clear conditions for future cooperation with him on taxes. The president is cranking up a publicity campaign to build public support for his general goals of lower and simpler taxes, but no detailed tax plan has been completed or proposed by the White House or the Republicans in control of Congress. Even after months of discussion within the party, basic questions are unanswered, such as whether tax cuts should be designed so they don’t add to the federal deficit and debt, and how deeply business and individual rates should be cut. Mnuchin told a conference in New York hosted by CNBC on Tuesday that Trump, as the president has said for months, would like to cut the corporate income tax rate to 15 percent from 35 percent. Then Mnuchin, a top tax adviser to Trump, said, “I don’t know if we’ll be able to achieve that, given the budget issues, but we’re going to get this down to a very competitive level.” Later in the day, Trump held a dinner at the White House with the six senators. Reflecting his new willingness to engage with the political opposition, three Democrats attended the dinner. In contrast, Republican leaders in Congress have been trying for most of the year to write a tax bill while ignoring the Democrats. Also attending were Vice President Mike Pence, White House economic adviser Gary Cohn and Mnuchin. Pennsylvania Republican Senator Pat Toomey, one of the attendees, said on a conference call later that Trump talked about competitive business taxes, ending taxation of U.S. corporations’ foreign profits, and a middle-class tax cut. After the meal, Trump took some of the senators on a tour of the West Wing. Later, the Democrats expressed an openness to working with Trump on taxes, but stressed certain conditions. West Virginia Democrat Joe Manchin said in a statement he would continue to fight for a simpler tax code, but “we must do this without adding to our staggering debt”. North Dakota Democrat Heidi Heitkamp said in a statement the dinner was a “good discussion” and that she told the president any tax package must support working families and farmers. Overhauling the tax code was one of Trump’s main campaign promises in 2016, but he has made little progress toward it. After nearly eight months in office, he has yet to win passage in Congress of any major domestic policy legislation. Besides Manchin and Heitkamp, others at the dinner were Indiana Democrat Joe Donnelly and three Republicans: Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch and fellow tax panel Republicans John Thune and Toomey. Donnelly said in a statement, “Tax reform should include measures to support companies that invest in our workers and penalize companies that ship American jobs to foreign countries.” A major concern on tax cuts is the federal budget deficit. It would balloon if tax rates were cut too deeply without providing offsetting federal spending reductions and closure of tax loopholes, both politically difficult tasks. White House budget chief Mick Mulvaney told Fox News on Tuesday that he hoped tax reform would not be revenue neutral, suggesting he is not overly concerned about the deficit and the national debt, now about $20 trillion. “We need as big and as a dramatic tax reduction and tax reform as we possibly can get,” Mulvaney said. Mnuchin declined to say what business tax rate was achievable. He said he was “incredibly hopeful” a tax plan could be enacted this year, adding it could be retroactive to January. Asked if Trump would hold out for a 15 percent corporate rate, White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said: “The president is prepared to push for as low of a rate as we can get.” Republican Paul Ryan, the Republican speaker of the House of Representatives, said last week that “the numbers are hard” to make Trump’s 15-percent corporate tax rate target work. Ryan set his own goal at around 22.5 percent. Trump’s legislative affairs director, Marc Short, said at a Christian Science Monitor event, “We think that what’s best for the American people is a 15-percent corporate rate right now.” Financial markets rallied after Trump’s election victory last November in anticipation of rapid tax cuts, especially for corporations, but those expectations have faded. “The likelihood of passing sweeping corporate reform has diminished,” Jack Ablin, chief investment officer at BMO Wealth Management, said in a research note. Democrats, who generally oppose tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans, will have negotiating clout in Congress in early December to resist tax changes they oppose, also potentially including a corporate rate cut. Trump may visit as many as 13 states to sell his planned tax cuts to voters in coming weeks, the White House said. The U.S. Senate will begin tax overhaul hearings this week. Republican Senator John Kennedy, a budget committee member, told Reuters he wanted tax plans “with specificity” and expressed frustration at the slow pace of the tax debate. “No more platitudes. Let’s see some meat on the bone,” Kennedy said. “And I’m tired of screwing around. ... The American people are tired of screwing around.” ",1
1775,Trump likely to visit China during November Asia trip: U.S. official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump is likely to make a stop in China in November during his first official visit to Asia, a U.S. official said on Tuesday, a trip that will come amid tensions over North Korea’s nuclear tests. Washington and its allies have said there is a growing urgency for China, North Korea’s top ally and trading partner, to apply more pressure on its already isolated neighbor to get it to back down on its nuclear weapons and missiles programs. Chinese President Xi Jinping had invited Trump to visit China during their meeting in April in Palm Beach, Florida. The two leaders also met on the sidelines on the G20 summit in July. Trump is set to attend the U.S.-ASEAN summit and the East Asia summit in the Philippines in November, as well as the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Vietnam. China’s foreign ministry did not immediately respond to a Reuters request for comment on Trump’s potential visit. Japanese public broadcaster NHK cited unnamed diplomatic sources saying that Trump was also considering visiting Japan and South Korea during his Asian tour in November. In February, Trump accepted Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s invitation to visit Japan by the end of the year. “The February agreement is still valid. We would definitely like to make it happen sometime within this year. But no specific timing has been fixed yet,” a Japanese Foreign Ministry official said. Also, the Japanese daily Yomiuri Shimbun said on Wednesday Japan, the United States and South Korea are in final stages of talks to hold a trilateral summit on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly in New York. The newspaper, citing unnamed government sources, reported the meeting between Trump, Abe and South Korean President Moon Jae-in could take place on Sept. 21 and would focus on bolstering cooperation in response to North Korean provocation. On Monday, the U.N. Security Council unanimously voted to step up sanctions on North Korea, with its profitable textile exports now banned and fuel supplies capped. After several days of negotiations on the resolution, Washington dropped several measures to win the support of Russia and China, including a bid for an oil embargo and the blacklisting of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and the national airline. In Hong Kong, former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon told the South China Morning Post the results of a U.S.-led investigation into alleged Chinese intellectual property theft would be announced before the Beijing summit to reset bilateral trade. The far-right architect of Trump’s 2016 election victory, Bannon told an investor conference, organized by a unit of China’s largest brokerage, that Trump and Xi had a rapport that should enable them to work out differences, said an attendee at the meeting which was closed to the press. Bannon, who was let go by Trump last month, told a private lunch gathering in Hong Kong that he still “speaks with President Donald Trump every two to three days,” the Wall Street Journal reported. ",1
1776,Key U.S. senators reach deal on funding children's health program,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Leaders of the U.S. Senate Finance Committee said on Tuesday they reached an agreement to finance a federal insurance program for millions of lower-income children and pregnant women that was due to expire at the end of the month. Republican Senator Orrin Hatch, chairman of the finance committee, and the panel’s top Democrat, Senator Ron Wyden, said in a statement the agreement would provide money for the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) for five years. CHIP reauthorization is not typically contentious as the program receives bipartisan support. But lobbyists and industry officials have said any healthcare-related legislation has become more complicated following the failure of Republicans to repeal and replace Obamacare. “I am hopeful we can move forward swiftly to ensure no lapse in care for our nation’s most vulnerable children,” Hatch said in a statement, calling the agreement “a good first start.” Wyden said in a statement he hoped to get the extension of CHIP into law “as soon as possible.”",1
1777,U.S. top court hands win to Republicans over Texas voting maps,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An ideologically divided U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday handed a win to Republicans in Texas by putting on hold rulings that said  electoral districts drawn by state lawmakers discriminated against minority voters. On a 5-4 vote, with the court’s conservatives in the majority and the liberal justices dissenting, the court in a brief order blocked two different lower court decisions that found fault with both congressional districts and state legislative districts drawn by the Republican-controlled state legislature. In August, a federal court in Texas struck down two Republican-drawn congressional districts saying they were discriminatory and ordering new maps to be drawn ahead of elections in 2018. The court said the 27th and 35th congressional districts were drawn in violation of the U.S. Voting Rights Act. Texas has 36 districts, with Republicans holding 25 seats in the U.S. House of Representatives and Democrats 11. The August decision and a similar ruling on the state legislative districts will both remain on hold, meaning no new districts will be drawn in the interim while the high court considers Texas’ appeal in the cases. Voting rights advocates say the Republican lawmakers drew up the districts to undermine the influence of racial minority voters, who typically show more support for Democrats than Republicans.",1
1778,U.S. senator on Equifax hack: 'Somebody needs to go to jail',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Thirty-six U.S. senators on Tuesday called on federal authorities to investigate the sale of nearly $2 million in shares of credit bureau Equifax Inc by company executives after a massive data breach, and one compared their actions to insider trading. The lawmakers signed a letter asking the U.S. Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Federal Trade Commission to look into about $1.8 million in stock sales by three executives between July 29 - the day Equifax said it learned that its systems were hacked in mid-May - and when they made it public last week. “If that happened, somebody needs to go to jail,” Senator Heidi Heitkamp, a Democrat on the Senate Banking Committee, said at a credit union industry conference in Washington. “It’s a problem when people can act with impunity with no consequences. How is that not insider trading?” Cyber security experts believe the breach is one of the largest data hacks ever disclosed. On Wall Street on Tuesday, Equifax closed 2.5 percent higher at $115.96, slightly reversing a 21 percent slide since the hack was reported. In an opinion piece in USA Today, Equifax Chief Executive Officer Richard Smith apologized for the breach and vowed the company “will make changes.” He said more than 15 million people have visited the firm’s support website and 11.5 million are enrolling in credit monitoring and identity theft protection. The company at first thought the intrusion was limited, Smith said. Equifax hired a cybersecurity firm and spent “thousands of hours” investigating before informing the public six weeks after the breach was discovered, he said. “We are devoting extraordinary resources to make sure this kind of incident doesn’t happen again,” Smith said. Smith did not address the stock sale issue. In their letter, the lawmakers, led by Jack Reed, a Democrat, and John Kennedy, a Republican, requested “a thorough examination of any unusual trading, including any atypical options trading, for violations of insider trading law.” “We request that you spare no effort in your investigations and in enforcing the law to the fullest extent,” the lawmakers said. The Federal Bureau of Investigation has already said it was investigating the Equifax hack. A spokesman for SEC Chairman Jay Clayton declined to comment. Acting FTC head Maureen Ohlhausen declined to say if that agency was investigating the breach. “We’re trying to get a handle on the scope of all of this. We’re certainly taking this very seriously,” she told reporters at an antitrust conference. The agency has historically probed big breaches but only sued companies that had been sloppy in protecting consumer data. The breach also prompted expressions of concern from U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, while the Massachusetts attorney general said her state planned to sue.  Hackers pilfered names, birthdays and addresses, as well as Social Security and driver’s license numbers - a treasure trove for identity thieves. Data of up to 143 million people may have been exposed. Following revelations of the stock sales by Chief Financial Officer John Gamble and two other people, Equifax said in a statement last week that the executives were not aware that an intrusion had occurred when they sold their shares. Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey said she intended to sue Equifax with allegations of failing to maintain appropriate safeguards to protect customers’ data, including that of nearly three million Massachusetts residents. “In all of our years investigating data breaches, this may be the most brazen failure to protect consumer data we have ever seen,” Healey said in a statement. Equifax had initially appeared to offer credit monitoring to breach victims only if they forfeited their right to file a lawsuit. New York Attorney General A.G. Schneiderman said Tuesday that Equifax removed that language from its website. U.S. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin on Tuesday called the Equifax breach “quite unfortunate” and insisted that his top priority is to make sure financial data is safe. “I am concerned about the global financial system and keeping it safe,” he said at the CNBC Institutional Investor Delivering Alpha Conference in New York. Equifax did not respond to Reuters requests for comment. ",1
1779,"Congress revisits Obamacare, this time with a bipartisan twist","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Congress was wrestling with healthcare again on Tuesday, as lawmakers from both parties considered some approaches beyond simply repealing and replacing Obamacare. The widened healthcare discussion appeared unlikely to yield dramatic changes soon, but marked a shift from the long-running, Republican effort to gut 2010’s Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as Obamacare is formally known. Republicans’ last attempt in July to overturn former Democratic President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law fell one short in the Senate in a humiliating defeat for President Donald Trump and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. In one Senate committee, a bipartisan effort was under way on Tuesday to repair Obamacare without repealing it, led by the Republican health committee chairman, Lamar Alexander, and the panel’s top Democrat, Patty Murray. They want to stabilize the Obamacare individual insurance market by protecting its “cost-sharing subsidies.” Those payments go to insurers to help reduce out-of-pocket medical expenses for low-income Americans enrolled in Obamacare. Trump, who made repealing and replacing Obamacare a major campaign promise, has repeatedly threatened to stop the payments, which insurers say would force a 20 percent premium price increase. Alexander, who also wants states to have more flexibility to design health insurance plans under Obamacare, said on Tuesday the goal was a “small bipartisan step” that could break the years-long partisan stalemate over the law. The Tennessee lawmaker said he hoped to have a bipartisan consensus proposal by sometime next week, although it was unclear if McConnell would bring such a measure to the floor. He was noncommittal when asked about it on Tuesday. Some Republicans were supportive. Wisconsin Senator Ron Johnson said if the government did not keep funding the cost-sharing subsidies, insurance premiums would likely rise and the government would have to spend more money on tax credits that help consumers afford the premiums. “The insurance companies get their money either way,” Johnson told Reuters. Maine Republican Susan Collins, who voted against repealing and replacing Obamacare in July, said she hoped to support the bipartisan Obamacare repair effort. “Based on the hearings so far, (I) would expect to,” she said. The effort was being watched closely by companies such as Anthem Inc (ANTM.N), which has trimmed the number of states and counties in which it will sell Obamacare plans in 2018. The company said on Tuesday it was still working with some state regulators on its market participation for next year [L2N1LT17A]. Anthem and other insurers have a deadline of Sept. 27 to finalize their 2018 Obamacare roles. Separately, independent Senator Bernie Sanders, a 2016 Democratic presidential candidate, was pushing a plan to widen the Medicare health insurance program for seniors, to include everyone. Most Republicans looked askance at the idea, which Sanders has long championed, while some leading Democrats like House Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer said their priority was improving Obamacare. The Republican anti-Obamacare campaign was not entirely over. Two Republicans were planning to announce a new repeal-and-replace proposal on Wednesday that has White House support. Senators Lindsey Graham and Bill Cassidy will offer legislation to give states money in the form of block grants instead of the federal funding states get under Obamacare. Critics said the approach would effectively cut billions of dollars in funding for Obamacare subsidies and for the Medicaid program for the poor that many states expanded under Obamacare. The Cassidy-Graham bill must pass by the end of September to comply with Senate procedural rules allowing it to advance with a simple majority, rather than the 60 votes needed for most bills. “It would take an extraordinary lift to get that done before the deadline,” said Senator John Thune, a member of the Republican leadership. ",1
1780,U.S. Marshals Service wastes asset forfeiture funds: senator,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Marshals Service, the law enforcement arm of the federal judicial system, wastes money from a government asset forfeiture fund and spends it improperly, a senior U.S. senator charged on Tuesday. Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Charles Grassley, in a memo to Attorney General Jeff Sessions, said: “Evidence shows that the USMS wasted and misused money it received ... The agency also provided incomplete and in some cases misleading details about some of these expenditures.” Sessions in recent months reinstated a civil asset forfeiture program that had been shut down by the Obama administration. The program has been expected to generate more money for law enforcement. On Tuesday, the Republican-controlled U.S. House of Representatives voted to add a series of amendments to a broader spending package that would restrict the Justice Department’s implementation of the civil asset forfeiture program. Civil asset forfeiture gives police and other law enforcement agencies the power to seize cash and other assets from motorists or travelers at airports if they have “probable cause” to suspect the money is connected to a crime.   The owners of the property do not need to be convicted of a crime in order to justify the seizure. Representatives for the Justice Department and Marshals Service said both agencies were reviewing Grassley’s letter. Money collected from criminal and civil asset forfeitures goes into the Justice Department’s asset forfeiture fund and is used to pay for expenses for seizures and investigations. Proceeds are also shared with law enforcement agencies that contribute to the fund.  The USMS handles the seized property. Grassley’s investigative staff looked at USMS expenditures for a planned relocation of its headquarters, use of the Texas-based Asset Forfeiture Academy to train employees and funding for certain employees and expenses. Grassley said whistleblowers came forward to report that some positions funded by forfeited funds “are not fully dedicated” to the effort. Whistleblowers also alleged in 2015 that a planned headquarters relocation plan entailed the construction of personal in-office bathrooms for senior leadership and unnecessary furniture. After Grassley inquired, the USMS said in 2016 it planned to minimize excessive costs in part by reusing furniture. Since then, Grassley said whistleblowers reported that the furniture was discarded and that televisions were installed in offices of employees not permitted to use them. ",1
1781,Russia: Moscow does not want to escalate situation around U.S. diplomats - agencies,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Moscow does not want to escalate the situation around U.S. diplomats in Russia, Russian news agencies cited Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov as saying on Tuesday after talks with U.S. Undersecretary of State Thomas Shannon in Helsinki. Ryabkov said Moscow is not currently planning to further reduce the number of U.S. diplomatic staff in Russia, the agencies reported. ",1
1782,U.S. diplomatic tiff with Russia should not be escalated: State Department,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson believes the diplomatic tiff between Russia and the United States should not be escalated further and hopes the two countries can begin working to improve ties, a State Department spokeswoman said on Tuesday. “I think the secretary believes that no further escalatory action is necessary at this point and we look forward to trying to forge ahead,” State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert told a briefing after being asked the possibility of further diplomatic cuts by the two sides. Nauert also noted that Ambassador Joseph Yun, the U.S. special representative for North Korean policy, was in Moscow on Tuesday for talks with Russian officials about efforts to curb Pyongyang’s nuclear and missile programs. ",1
1783,House committee considering tax relief for hurricane victims,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Tax-policy writers in the U.S. House of Representatives are considering legislation to bring tax relief to businesses and individuals affected by Hurricanes Harvey and Irma, the top House lawmaker on tax issues said on Tuesday. Representative Kevin Brady, Republican chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, said staff was working with lawmakers from affected states to craft a bill that would help lessen the blow of property losses, facilitate access to retirement savings and encourage charitable giving. He said the committee could act on legislation before Oct 1. “They’re really looking at how do we get our small businesses back up and running, how do we get customers to them and how do we help families and communities rebuild,” Brady told reporters.  In past years, aides say Congress has sought to help disaster victims through a number of tax innovations including special tax credits for low-income housing, tax deferrals on gains from insurance payments and special refunds on tax filings from past years. Irma has caused widespread damage in Florida, weeks after Harvey inundated Houston and southeast Texas with record flooding last month. ",1
1784,Senator McConnell says ending U.S. debt ceiling would be challenging,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell voiced doubt on Tuesday that the U.S. debt ceiling would be eliminated permanently, an idea floated by Democrats and embraced by Republican President Donald Trump last week. “As far as the debt ceiling is concerned, we will not be revisiting the debt ceiling until some time next year,” McConnell told reporters. “And getting Congress to give up a tool like that would probably be quite a challenging undertaking.” Congress must periodically raise the debt limit to keep the U.S. government borrowing and operating. Lawmakers sometimes take advantage of that need to push through policy or spending changes.  Trump voiced support last week for the idea of eliminating the statutory cap on the U.S. Treasury Department’s authority to borrow, saying he discussed the possibility with congressional leaders. “It complicates things. It’s really not necessary,” Trump told reporters at the White House on Thursday. At a White House meeting a day earlier, Trump made a surprise deal with Democratic congressional leaders for extending the debt limit for three months tied to hurricane relief legislation and funding for government operations into December. In the meeting, which was also attended by top congressional Republicans and administration officials, Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer proposed eliminating the debt limit, and Trump and Vice President Mike Pence said they liked the idea, one person familiar with the meeting said. White House budget chief Mick Mulvaney told Fox News Channel that Trump was frustrated by the way the debt ceiling has been used and had asked him to “explore ways to sort of depoliticize it.” “We’ll continue to work on that. I don’t think the debt ceiling ... will be an issue until January, February of next year,” Mulvaney said. Some Republicans expressed opposition to Trump’s deal with the Democrats, and conservative groups accused the president of caving in rather than insisting on spending cuts to accompany the debt ceiling increase. But the House of Representatives and the Senate, which are both controlled by Republicans, quickly approved the deal, including about $15 billion in hurricane-related aid, and it was signed into law by Trump on Friday. ",1
1785,U.S. lawmakers want 'supercharged' response to North Korea nuclear tests,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Frustrated U.S. lawmakers called on Tuesday for a high-powered response to North Korea’s nuclear tests, saying Washington should act alone if necessary to stiffen sanctions on companies from China, Russia and any country doing business with Pyongyang. “I believe the response from the United States and our allies should be supercharged,” said Representative Ed Royce, chairman of the House of Representatives Foreign Affairs Committee. “We need to use every ounce of leverage ... to put maximum pressure on this rogue regime,” the Republican congressman told a hearing on North Korea. “Time is running out.” The U.N. Security Council stepped up sanctions on Monday following Pyongyang’s sixth nuclear test on Sept. 3, imposing a ban on textile exports and capping oil imports.  It was the ninth sanctions resolution unanimously adopted by the council since 2006 over North Korea’s ballistic missile and nuclear programs. To win Chinese and Russian support, Washington dropped demands including a bid for an oil embargo. At the hearing, U.S. officials released American intelligence findings on how North Korea smuggles coal and commodities to Russia and China. Assistant Treasury Secretary Marshall Billingslea displayed slides showing ships he said picked up coal and other commodities in North Korea, illegally turning off their electronic identification systems to hide the fact that they were carrying cargo to China and Russia. “Pyongyang falsifies the identity of vessels to make it harder for governments to determine if ships docking in their ports are linked to North Korea,” Billingslea said. An Aug. 5 U.N. resolution banned North Korean exports of coal. Russia and China both say they respect U.N. sanctions. Committee members expressed frustration that previous sanctions had not deterred Pyongyang. “We’ve been played by the Kims for years,” Republican Representative Ted Poe said, referring to North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and his predecessors. Lawmakers pressed Billingslea, and Acting Assistant Secretary of State Susan Thornton for evidence new sanctions would be more effective. They acknowledged there had not been sufficient evidence that past sanctions had worked, but insisted the administration would work for a better result this time. “We can designate Chinese banks and companies unilaterally, giving them a choice between doing business with North Korea or the United States,” said Royce, who had breakfast on Tuesday with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. “We should go after banks and companies in other countries that do business with North Korea the same way,” he said. ",1
1786,EPA chief denies Icahn influence in biofuel regulation,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Investor Carl Icahn never wielded excessive influence on U.S. biofuels policy while acting as President Donald Trump’s adviser on regulation, the head of the Environmental Protection Agency said in a letter to a Democratic Senator Sheldon Whitehouse. The letter, dated September 11, was a response to repeated requests by Whitehouse and other Democratic lawmakers for information on Icahn’s dual role as an adviser on biofuels regulation and a majority stakeholder in a refining company, CVR Energy, directly affected by those rules. Icahn ended his adviser role in August after facing criticism his guidance to Trump represented a conflict of interests as it may have benefited CVR. Icahn has denied the allegations.  EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt said in the letter to Whitehouse, seen by Reuters on Tuesday, that Icahn was “one of many” of Trump’s advisers that he met during his confirmation process, and he “made no assurances with regard to the point of obligation or any other substantive issue.” The “point of obligation” refers to a requirement under the U.S. Renewable Fuel Standard that refiners blend increasing amounts of biofuels like ethanol into their gasoline every year. Icahn, his company CVR, and a handful of other refiners wanted to shift that responsibility off refiners in a way that would have saved them hundreds of millions of dollars. Icahn proposed the reform to the administration in February. The Trump administration has not made a decision on the request, but environmental regulators are preparing to formally reject it, sources have told Reuters. Icahn, who has an 82 percent stake in CVR, has said his proposal did not constitute self-dealing because it would have benefited some of his competitors too. Pruitt added in the letter that the EPA’s Office of Environmental Information searched the EPA emails of 39 senior leadership employees, and found “no emails to or from any of those employees and Mr. Icahn or CVR on any subject” between Feb. 17 and Aug. 18.  A spokesman for Whitehouse said the senator was reviewing Pruitt’s response “for accuracy and to determine whether additional steps are warranted.” Icahn’s proposal to shift the point of obligation would have lowered prices for renewable fuels credits known as RINs. A Reuters review of CVR filings showed the company was building up a large bet on a decline in RIN prices months before Icahn made his reform proposal. Investors, meanwhile, have built up a large short position in CVR in the past three months, according to Reuters data. ",1
1787,New Hampshire Democrat defends role on Trump voting commission,"MANCHESTER, N.H. (Reuters) - A Democratic member of President Donald Trump’s commission to investigate possible voter fraud defended his participation on the panel on Tuesday while warning that its mission is being threatened by “extreme partisanship.” Dozens of protesters gathered before the second meeting of the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity’s in Manchester, New Hampshire, the state that has long held the first nominating primary in the U.S. presidential election cycle. The panel member, Bill Gardner, who is New Hampshire’s secretary of state, had faced calls to resign after commission Vice Chairman Kris Kobach, a Republican, suggested that thousands of people illegally voted in the northeastern state in November. Despite calls by New Hampshire’s four-person, all-Democratic congressional delegation to resign, Gardner said he would not. “New Hampshire people aren’t accustomed to walking away or stepping down from their civic duties,” Gardner said. “I will not either.” He criticized Kobach, who is the Kansas secretary of state, for calling into question the election’s “real and valid” results. Gardner also noted the opposition the commission has faced from its beginning. “The specter of extreme political partisanship already threatens our ability to reach a consensus,” Gardner said. Trump established the commission in May after charging,  without evidence, that millions voted unlawfully in the November presidential election. Most state election officials and election law experts say that U.S. voter fraud is rare. Although Trump handily won the Electoral College vote that ultimately decides the outcome of presidential elections, he lost the popular vote to Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton by nearly 3 million votes. Trump has said on Twitter that New Hampshire, which he lost to Clinton by fewer than 2,800 votes, and two other states had “serious voter fraud.” Tuesday’s meeting drew protesters as the panel heard from speakers about voting trends and the extent voter fraud exists, something speakers from conservative groups like Judicial Watch and Heritage Foundation said was real. One speaker, John Lott, an economist known for his writings against gun control laws, proposed making voters go through the same federal background check system used for firearm purchases. In a Breitbart News column on Thursday, Kobach claimed  voter fraud led to the November victory in New Hampshire for U.S. Senator Maggie Hassan, a Democrat and former governor of the state, over incumbent Republican Kelly Ayotte by 1,107 votes. Kobach, an advocate of tougher voter identification, also said Clinton may have won New Hampshire due to illegal voting by non-residents. He renewed his views on Tuesday. “This is obviously a subject of concern,” he said. Kobach cited statistics showing 5,313 voters with out-of-state driver’s licenses registered to vote on the day of the election but who did not later obtain New Hampshire licenses. Democrats countered that the data likely reflected college students from out-of-state who were voting. ",1
1788,Trump open to Dreamers relief legislation without wall funding -aide,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will not necessarily insist on including funding for a border wall with Mexico in legislation to address protections for children brought to the United States illegally, a senior aide said on Tuesday. White House legislative director Marc Short, speaking to reporters at a Christian Science Monitor breakfast, said the administration will lay out its priorities for a fix for the Deferred Action on Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program in the next couple of weeks. While Trump remains committed to his campaign promise to build the wall along the U.S. border with Mexico, “whether or not that is specifically part of a DACA package or a different legislative package, I am not going to prejudge here today,” Short said. “I don’t want to bind ourselves into a construct that makes reaching a conclusion on DACA impossible,” Short said. Short’s comments were the latest signal that the Republican president wants to see if he can engage Democrats as well as Republicans in trying to enact his agenda. On Tuesday evening, he is scheduled to have dinner with a bipartisan group of senators whose support he hopes to win on legislation to overhaul the tax code. Democrats welcomed Short’s DACA comments, saying they cleared away a major stumbling to legislation to help DACA recipients, known as Dreamers. Democrats have insisted they will not allow border funding to be part of any legislation and would likely have the votes in the Senate to block a provision to which they objected. “That’s an important position because we cannot make a 2,200 mile (3,540 km) wall a condition for passing the Dream Act and we’ve been very clear from the start,” said Senator Dick Durbin, a senior Democrat who has been working for the past 16 years to legislate protections for the Dreamers. Democrats are willing to work with the White House and congressional Republicans on other border security measures as part of the legislation, Durbin added. But Mark Krikorian, executive director of the Center for Immigration Studies, which seeks to limit legal and illegal immigration, criticized the potential shift on DACA, saying the White House forfeited leverage it needs to tighten border enforcement. Krikorian said the administration seemed to be looking for an “escape hatch” on the controversial DACA program. “It does suggest how much Trump wants this DACA issue to go away,” he said. Trump said last week he was ending an Obama-era program that protects from the deportation of immigrants brought illegally into the United States as children, but he gave U.S. lawmakers six months to act on the issue. The move put the onus on Congress to address the nearly 800,000 Dreamers now facing uncertainty about their status in a country that for many is the only one they have known. ",1
1789,State Department OKs possible sale to Canada of $5.23 billion in military equipment,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department has approved the possible sale to Canada of 18 fighter jets and other weapons worth an estimated $5.23 billion, a Pentagon agency said in a statement on Tuesday. The Defense Security Cooperation Agency said it notified the U.S. Congress on Monday of the possible sale to Canada of 18 Super Hornet fighter aircraft and other equipment, including sidewinder missiles. It said the principal contractors will be Boeing Co, Northrop Grumman Corp, Raytheon Co and General Electric Co.  ",1
1790,"Under scrutiny, Kaspersky Lab considers changes to U.S. subsidiary","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Moscow-based cyber security firm Kaspersky Lab said on Tuesday it is considering making changes to its subsidiary that sells products to the U.S. government, at a time when the company is facing allegations that it may be vulnerable to Russian influence. The U.S. Senate is voting this week on a defense policy spending bill that includes language that would ban Kaspersky Lab products from being used by U.S. government agencies.       “Given that U.S. government sales have not been a significant part of the company’s activity in North America, Kaspersky Lab is exploring opportunities to better optimize the Washington D.C. office responsible for threat intelligence offerings to U.S. government entities,” a Kaspersky spokeswoman said in a statement to Reuters.  She added that the company was planning to open new offices in Chicago, Los Angeles and Toronto in 2018.  “Despite geopolitical turbulence we remain committed to  (North) American customers,” company founder and chief executive Eugene Kaspersky said Tuesday on Twitter. The company declined to give more details as to what changes it was making. Kaspersky has repeatedly denied that it has ties to any government and said it would not help any government with cyber espionage. It said there is no evidence for accusations by U.S. officials and lawmakers that its antivirus software may be used to provide espionage services to the Kremlin. However, the company has not been able to shake off the allegations. Last week, Best Buy Co , the No.1 U.S. electronics retailer, said it was pulling Kaspersky Lab’s cyber security products from its shelves and website. Citing two unidentified sources, The Bell, a Russian-language news outlet, said on Tuesday that Kaspersky Lab was considering closing its offices in Arlington, Virginia, a Washington suburb. Those offices, home to the Kaspersky Lab subsidiary KGSS that is dedicated to the U.S. federal market, were empty when a Reuters reporter visited them in July. A Kaspersky spokeswoman at the time said most of the staff, which number less than 10, often work from home. Kaspersky Lab was founded in 1997 and now counts over 400 million global customers. It has tried largely in vain to become a vendor to the U.S. government, one of the world’s biggest buyers of cyber tools. Longstanding suspicions about the company grew in the United States when U.S.-Russia relations deteriorated following Russia’s 2014 annexation of Crimea and later when U.S. intelligence agencies determined that Russia interfered in the 2016 U.S. presidential election using cyber means. ",1
1791,"Trump, Malaysian PM discuss trade deals, Boeing jets","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Tuesday he and Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak are discussing large trade pacts and a deal involving Boeing jets and praised the Malaysian leader’s efforts in the fight against terrorism. Appearing with Trump at the White House, Najib said he would like to invest in Trump’s infrastructure program and Malaysia remains committed to fighting Islamic State, al Qaeda and other extremist groups. ",1
1792,Chicago asks judge to halt Trump plan to deny funds to sanctuary cities,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - The city of Chicago asked a federal judge on Monday to bar President Donald Trump’s Justice Department from denying public-safety grants to so-called sanctuary cities that limit cooperation with a federal immigration crackdown. The nation’s third-largest city sued U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions in August. The lawsuit was filed after Sessions announced the Justice Department would bar cities from getting certain grants unless they allowed immigration authorities unlimited access to local jails and provided 48 hours’ notice before releasing anyone wanted for immigration violations.  Trump has made tougher immigration enforcement a centerpiece of his campaign and presidency, including vowing to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexican border. The federal government has also sought to crack down on sanctuary cities. On Monday, Chicago attorney Ron Safer argued in U.S. District Court for a preliminary injunction that would apply nationwide while the court challenge proceeds. Safer argued that Sessions lacked authority to attach conditions that would force Chicago to choose between funding for crime-fighting equipment and programs, and adopting an unconstitutional policy that would shatter trust with immigrant communities needed to solve crimes. “This is a tremendously dangerous precedent to set,” Safer said, arguing that it could be applied to other grant programs to pressure cities to alter other local policies. Acting Assistant Attorney General Chad Readler countered that the program was voluntary and tha funding amounted to less than 1 percent of Chicago’s public safety budget.  The government had the authority to attach such conditions, and cited the previous administration attaching requirements that the money not be spent on military-style weapons, he said. “The courts have routinely recognized that the government can put conditions on spending to achieve things that they couldn’t otherwise directly achieve,” he said.  U.S. District Judge Harry Leinenweber did not say when he would rule but told both sides they would hear from him soon. During oral arguments, Leinenweber said there were conflicting statistics on whether such policies help or hurt crime. He asked questions about the Justice Department’s authority to set such conditions as well as the city’s larger stance on illegal immigration. “You don’t disagree that the United States should prevent illegal immigration, do you?” he asked. Safer acknowledged that the city did not support the practice of people coming to the United States without permission. The Trump administration has requested $380 million in funding next year for grants for police equipment and programs to hundreds of cities. Chicago and nearby suburbs have applied for $2.2 million this year. ",1
1793,Treasury chief sees 'competitive' corporate tax rate: CNBC,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A 15 percent corporate tax rate backed by President Donald Trump may not be possible, but businesses will see a “competitive” rate as Republicans push their tax reform plan through Congress, the U.S. treasury secretary said on Tuesday. “Ideally, he’d like to get it down to 15 percent. I don’t know if we’ll be able to achieve that given the budget issues, but we’re going to get this down to a very competitive level,” Steven Mnuchin said, speaking at an conference hosted by CNBC. ",1
1794,Key U.S. senators demand answers on Equifax hacking,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two key U.S. senators on Monday asked Equifax Inc (EFX.N) to answer detailed questions about a breach of information affecting up to 143 million Americans, including whether U.S. government agency records were compromised in the hack. Senator Orrin Hatch, who chairs the Finance Committee, and ranking Democrat Ron Wyden, also demanded that Equifax Chief Executive Rick Smith provide a timeline of the breach and its discovery. They asked for information on when authorities and the company’s board were notified and when three executives who sold stock in the company in August were first told of the data breach.  Equifax did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the letter. It came amid mounting scrutiny of the company’s response to the breach from lawmakers, regulators and security experts, prompting the credit-monitoring services to issue an apology on Friday and pledge to dedicate more resources to helping affected consumers. “The scope and scale of this breach appears to make it one of the largest on record, and the sensitivity of the information compromised may make it the most costly to taxpayers and consumers,” the letter said. Equifax announced last week that it learned on July 29 that hackers had infiltrated its systems in mid-May, pilfering names, birthdays, addresses and Social Security and driver’s license numbers. Cyber security experts said it was among the largest data hacks ever recorded and was particularly troubling due to the richness of the information exposed. Three days after Equifax discovered the breach, three top Equifax executives, including Chief Financial Officer John Gamble and a president of a unit, sold Equifax shares or exercised options to dispose of stock worth about $1.8 million, regulatory filings show. Equifax said in a statement last week that the executives were not aware that an intrusion had occurred when they sold their shares. Hatch and Wyden asked Smith to respond by Sept. 28. Other congressional committees have announced plans to hold hearings investigating the Equifax breach and want answers. The senators want to know if Equifax has a chief information security officer and over the past two years “how many times has Equifax employed third-party cyber security experts to conduct penetration tests of its internal and external systems?” The senators want copies of all Equifax penetration test and audit reports by outside cyber security firms. Separately, a group of 20 Democratic senators asked Equifax to end its use of forced arbitration agreements, which limit the ability of consumers to pursue claims, and not to lobby to reverse a new rule from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to limit the use of forced arbitration in the financial services sector. ",1
1795,Supreme Court justice temporarily preserves Trump refugee ban,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy on Monday provided a temporary reprieve for President Trump’s order blocking most refugees from entering the United States, putting on hold a lower court’s ruling loosening the prohibition. Kennedy’s action gave the nine justices more time to consider the Justice Department’s challenge filed on Monday to the lower court’s decision allowing entry to refugees from around the world if they had a formal offer from a resettlement agency. The full Supreme Court could act within days. The Justice Department opted not to appeal another part of last Thursday’s ruling by the San Francisco-based 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals that related to Trump’s ban on travelers from six Muslim-majority nations. The 9th Circuit ruling broadened the number of people with exemptions to the ban to include grandparents, aunts, uncles and cousins of legal U.S. residents. Without Kennedy’s intervention, the appeals court decision would have gone into effect on Tuesday. Kennedy asked refugee ban challengers to file a response to the Trump administration’s filing by noon on Tuesday. Under the 9th U.S. Circuit’s ruling, up to 24,000 additional refugees would become eligible to enter the United States than otherwise would be allowed, according to the administration. Trump’s March 6 order banned travelers from Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen for 90 days and locked out most aspiring refugees for 120 days in a move the Republican president argued was needed to prevent terrorist attacks. The order, which replaced a broader January one that was blocked by federal courts, was one of the most contentious acts of his presidency. Critics called it an unlawful “Muslim ban” that made good on Trump’s promise as a candidate of “a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States.” The broader question of whether the travel ban discriminates against Muslims in violation of the U.S. Constitution, as lower courts previously ruled, will be argued before the Supreme Court on Oct. 10. The Supreme Court in June partially revived the order after its provisions were blocked by lower courts. But the justices said a ban could be applied only to those without a “bona fide” relationship to people or entities in the United States. New litigation was brought by Hawaii over the meaning of that phrase, including whether written assurances by resettlement agencies obligating them to provide services for specific refugees would count. Hawaii and other Democratic-led states, the American Civil Liberties Union and refugee groups filed legal challenges after Trump signed his order in March. “The Trump administration has ended its odd and ill-advised quest to ban grandmas from the country,” Hawaii Attorney General Douglas Chin said on Monday. “With respect to the admission to the United States of refugees with formal assurances and the Supreme Court’s temporary stay order, each day matters,” Chin added, promising to respond soon to the administration’s filing. In court papers filed earlier on Monday, the Justice Department said the 9th Circuit refugees decision “will disrupt the status quo and frustrate orderly implementation of the order’s refugee provisions.” Omar Jadwat, an ACLU lawyer, contrasted Trump’s efforts to keep alive his travel ban with the Republican president’s decision last week to rescind a program that protected from deportation people brought to the United States illegally as children, dubbed “Dreamers.” “The extraordinary efforts the administration is taking in pursuit of the Muslim ban stand in stark contrast to its unwillingness to take a single step to protect 800,000 Dreamers,” Jadwat said. ",1
1796,Republicans could lose U.S. House in 2018 over immigration fight: Bannon,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican infighting over the fate of immigrants brought illegally to the United States as children could be so vitriolic that the party loses control of the U.S. House of Representatives next year, Steve Bannon, a former adviser to President Donald Trump, said in an interview airing on Sunday. Bannon, whose far-right views on immigration, climate and trade helped shape Trump’s presidential campaign and his first months in office, was fired by the Republican president last month in a push to end factional fights within the White House. In an interview with the CBS program “60 Minutes,” Bannon predicted Republicans could lose control in the House in the 2018 congressional elections because of a looming battle over what to do about 800,000 immigrants known as “Dreamers.” Trump said last week he would scrap a program called Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, that allowed the young immigrants to live and work in America. Bannon supported ending the program, which had been put in place by Democratic former President Barack Obama. Trump gave the Republican-controlled Congress six months to come up with an alternative, saying he would “revisit this issue” if lawmakers could not agree. “I’m worried about losing the House now because of this,” Bannon told CBS. “If this goes all the way down to its logical conclusion, in February and March it will be a civil war inside the Republican Party,” he said. “And to me, doing that in the springboard of primary season for 2018 is extremely unwise.” Republicans are divided over the Dreamers. Some believe they are illegal immigrants who are taking American jobs, while others say they contribute to the country and deserve compassion. Bannon, who said he left the White House on his own terms, lashed out against “establishment” Republicans who have at times grappled with Trump, a real estate celebrity who had never before held elected office. “The Republican establishment is trying to nullify the 2016 election,” Bannon said, saying it was an “open secret on Capitol Hill” that many Republicans did not support Trump’s agenda, and singling out Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan for criticism.     “They do not want Donald Trump’s populist, economic nationalist agenda to be implemented,” Bannon said. He called Republican national security officials who had served in the George W. Bush administration “idiots,” including former secretaries of state Condoleezza Rice and Colin Powell, and former Vice President Dick Cheney. “I hold these people in contempt, total and complete contempt,” Bannon said, blaming them for U.S. trade problems with China and involvement in Iraq. “They’re idiots, and they’ve gotten us in this situation, and they question a good man like Donald Trump,” Bannon said. ",1
1797,"Justice Department, ex-Obama lawyers duel over Arpaio pardon","(Reuters) - The U.S. Justice Department on Monday said a criminal conviction against ex-Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio should be dismissed as moot in the wake of a controversial pardon from President Donald Trump, according to a court filing. However several legal groups, including one staffed by lawyers who worked for President Barack Obama’s administration, urged an Arizona federal judge to deem the pardon an unconstitutional overreach of executive authority. Trump, a Republican who has promised to build a wall along the U.S. border with Mexico, has praised Arpaio’s crackdown on undocumented immigrants in Arizona’s Maricopa County which drew condemnation from civil rights groups. Arpaio was convicted in July of willfully violating a 2011 injunction barring his officers from stopping and detaining Latino motorists solely on suspicion that they were in the country illegally. He had not yet been sentenced when Trump issued the pardon last month. Arpaio asked U.S. District Judge Susan Bolton in Arizona to vacate the verdict and all other orders in the case. The Justice Department on Monday said his request was valid. “The presidential pardon removes any punitive consequences that would otherwise flow from [Arpaio’s] non-final conviction and therefore renders the case moot,” it wrote in a court filing. The Protect Democracy Project, an advocacy group that includes the Obama administration lawyers, filed a separate brief urging Bolton to first decide whether the pardon was constitutional before dismissing the case. It was joined by the Coalition to Preserve Protect and Defend, a legal group consisting largely of government attorneys, and other legal advocacy organizations. Trump’s pardon will remove the ability of the courts to enforce its own orders, the coalition argued. “The result would be an executive branch freed from the judicial scrutiny required to assure compliance with the dictates of the Bill of Rights and other constitutional safeguards,” the group wrote.  Arpaio campaigned for Trump in 2016 and investigated unfounded claims that Obama was not born in the United States, a falsehood that Trump also espoused for years. “Sheriff Joe is a patriot. Sheriff Joe loves our country. Sheriff Joe protected our borders,” Trump said last month. “So I stand by my pardon of Sheriff Joe, and I think the people of Arizona, who really know him best, would agree with me.”",1
1798,U.S. to unveil streamlined autonomous vehicle guidelines Tuesday,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao will unveil on Tuesday streamlined safety guidelines for automakers that want to deploy self-driving vehicles, a person briefed on the matter said Monday, as members of Congress push their own proposals to remove regulatory barriers to the technology. The new Transportation Department policy is expected to offer the lighter regulatory touch that automakers have pushed for. For example, the Transportation Department is expected to state that automakers do not have to seek approval from regulators before putting self-driving vehicles on the road.  Separately, the National Transportation Safety Board on Tuesday is expected to release findings that Tesla Inc’s semi-autonomous Autopilot mode was a contributing factor in the May 2016 death of a motorist. That case has highlighted concerns about the design of systems that automate some, but not all, driving tasks. The new document is titled “A Vision for Safety” and will be less than half the length of the Obama administration guidelines released in September 2016 and will be less “burdensome,” the  person briefed on the announcement said. Chao is expected to make the announcement in Ann Arbor at a self-driving testing facility.  The Transportation Department is releasing its voluntary safety standards at the same time a bipartisan coalition in Congress is moving forward on legislation also designed to speed commercialization of self-driving cars without human controls and bar states from blocking their deployment.   On Wednesday, the U.S. House of Representatives voted unanimously on a measure to clear legal obstacles that could discourage automakers and technology companies from putting self-driving cars into broader use. The House measure would allow automakers to field up to 25,000 vehicles without meeting existing auto safety standards in the first year. Over three years, the cap would rise to 100,000 vehicles annually. Automakers would be required to provide regulators with safety assessments of their systems, but would not have to get federal approval to put autonomous cars on the road. A group of senators introduced a similar draft bill on Friday. In September 2016, the Obama administration proposed that automakers voluntarily submit details of self-driving vehicle systems in a 15-point “safety assessment” and urged states to defer to the federal government on most vehicle regulations. An auto trade group representing General Motors Co, Volkswagen AG (VOWG_p.DE), Toyota Motor Corp and others, objected to the Obama administration proposal. ",1
1799,Influential U.S. senator mulls retirement,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee, the influential Republican chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said on Monday he had not yet decided whether he would run for re-election to a third Senate term in 2018. “While we are in a strong position, I am still contemplating the future and will make a decision at the appropriate time,” Corker, 65, said in a statement. “I think everyone in the Volunteer State knows, as they did in 2012, that running for re-election has never been an automatic for me,” he said. However, Corker will be ready to run if he decides to go ahead. A source with direct knowledge said he has $7.5 million in cash on hand for the race. A former mayor of Chattanooga and successful businessman, Corker is expected to win easily if he does run in the solidly Republican state. Aides to the senator had said for some time that he had not yet decided whether to run. He had ruled out talk that he might run for governor of Tennessee earlier this year, and the issue arose again last month when President Donald Trump said on Twitter that Corker was “constantly asking” him whether or not he should seek re-election. Trump had considered Corker as a potential vice presidential running mate or secretary of state, and he has worked closely with the administration. But he has broken with the Republican president on some issues. Trump issued his tweet after Corker responded to Trump’s comments about a neo-Nazi white supremacist rally by saying Trump had not yet demonstrated the stability or some competence to be successful. The president was broadly criticized for his reaction to the rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, including his observation that there were good people on both sides.  Corker issued his statement after CNN reported on Monday on an interview with him last week in which he discussed possibly ending his Senate career. A fiscal conservative, Corker is seen as a pragmatist willing to work with Democrats on a range of issues including foreign affairs but also domestic policy matters such as immigration. ",1
1800,'Big Six' member says tax reform blueprint to follow Senate hearings,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. Republican senator involved in U.S. tax reform negotiations said on Monday that he expects to share the Trump tax reform plan with other lawmakers after holding hearings on overhauling the tax code. “We’re going to have hearings first, and then we’ll go from there. We’ll share it at that time,” Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch, a member of the “Big Six” tax reform policymakers, told reporters.  “I want everybody to participate and to know what we’re doing. I don’t want anybody to feel like they haven’t been consulted,” he added. Hatch’s committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on individual tax reform on Thursday, and the lawmaker said more hearings could follow. The timeline suggests that members of Congress may not get a look at the emerging tax reform plan until the last week of September at the earliest. The House of Representatives is scheduled to be in recess next week. As recently as Friday, House Republicans had said they expected to learn as early as this week about a tax reform framework from the “Big Six” senior tax policymakers from Congress and the Trump administration. The six are Hatch, Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell, House Speaker Paul Ryan, House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and White House economic adviser Gary Cohn. They have been negotiating for months to hammer out a deal on tax reform.  President Donald Trump and Republicans in Congress campaigned last year on a promise to slash individual and business taxes as part of a tax reform package that would also simplify the sprawling U.S. tax code.  Trump said over the weekend that he would call on Congress to speed up the process. But the Big Six have yet to finalize an agreement, and lobbyists say the group is still undecided on basic elements of a tax reform plan, including whether tax legislation should add to the federal deficit or be revenue-neutral. The lack of progress has eroded hopes of completing tax reform before the end of 2017 and frustrated efforts to pass a budget resolution containing a vital procedural tool needed to move tax legislation forward on a simple majority in the Senate, which Republicans control by only 52 to 48 seats. Mnuchin and Cohn are expected discuss the prospects for a budget resolution at a Tuesday meeting with members of the Senate Budget Committee.    ",1
1801,US Senate may vote this week to add penalties for sex traffic sites -sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate may vote as soon as Tuesday on a bipartisan proposal that would make it easier to penalize operators of websites that facilitate online sex trafficking, according to four sources familiar with the matter. Allowing a vote on the legislation would deal a major blow to the U.S. technology industry, which has vigorously opposed the measure, saying it would thwart digital innovation and lead to endless litigation. The proposed law was prompted in part by frustrations over failed attempts to shut down the website backpage.com, which many law enforcement officials have accused of facilitating the exploitation of especially women and children to perform sexual services against their will. The company has long denied the allegations. The Senate is expected to pass an annual defense policy spending bill this week, a process that will include consideration of amendments, some of which have yet to be publicly disclosed. Among the amendments being considered is the Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act, which would change a section of a decades-old law that shields companies such as Facebook Inc, Amazon Inc and Alphabet Inc’s Google from liability for content posted by their users, according to a Senate aide and three technology industry sources.  The sources, who requested anonymity to discuss ongoing private conversations, cautioned on Monday that the situation was fluid and the Republican Senate leadership might decide against allowing a vote on the amendment. But they also said it was likely to pass if there was a vote, a possibility that has alarmed internet companies. The underlying defense bill is considered must-pass legislation but would need to be reconciled with the House of Representatives and signed by President Donald Trump before becoming law. Republican Senator Rob Portman introduced the online trafficking bill in August and has gained support from more than a fourth of the Senate. Kevin Smith, a spokesman for Portman, declined to comment, saying only that the senator was focused on building more support for the measure. The legislation would allow state attorneys general and victims of sex trafficking to pursue legal action against social media networks, advertisers and others who fail to keep exploitative material off their platforms. Technology companies say the changes to Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act would impose impossible demands on online publishers and quash innovation. But some lawmakers and attorneys have argued that the statute has been too broadly interpreted to give companies too much leeway in avoiding responsibility for harmful content. ",1
1802,Republican attempt to deflect Trump-Russia probes could backfire: sources,"(Reuters) - Republican lawmaker Devin Nunes’ investigation into whether Obama administration officials used classified intelligence reports to discredit Donald Trump’s 2016 campaign team could backfire on the congressman - and the president, sources familiar with the reports said. The reports contain no evidence that any aides to former Democratic President Barack Obama acted improperly, the sources said, but they do indicate some Trump associates may have violated an obscure 1799 law, the Logan Act, which prohibits unauthorized U.S. citizens from negotiating with a foreign government that has a dispute with the United States. The spying reports also are relevant to the investigation by special counsel Robert Mueller into conclusions by U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia worked to tilt last November’s election in Republican Trump’s favor, said the sources, who spoke on the condition of anonymity. Mueller’s office declined to comment. Russia, under U.S. sanctions for rights abuses and its 2014 annexation of Crimea, has repeatedly denied allegations of election meddling. Trump has denied any possible collusion between his campaign and Moscow, an issue that has loomed over the new presidency. Nunes, chairman of the U.S. House Intelligence Committee and a Trump ally, met secretly earlier this year with a White House intelligence aide and then accused Obama officials of having requested the names of U.S. citizens seen in intercepts of communications with Russians and other foreigners. The White House did not respond to requests for comment. The names would have been routinely censored from intelligence agency intercepts, but Nunes charged that Obama’s aides had leaked the information to try to undermine Trump while he was running for president. A spokesman for then-United Nations ambassador Samantha Power, whom Nunes and other Republicans accused of digging for political dirt, said she read intelligence reports only as part of her normal duties. A spokesman for former Obama national security adviser Susan Rice, whom Republicans also accused of misusing intelligence, did not respond to requests for comment. Mueller is investigating meetings and conversations between Trump associates and Russian and other foreign officials and businessmen. They include Trump’s adviser and son-in-law Jared Kushner; the president’s eldest son Donald Trump, Jr.; former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort and former national security adviser Michael Flynn.  “An obvious question is how all these meetings and conversations were set up,” said one of the sources. “Who set them up? What was their purpose? What were the agendas? Who approved them? Who was briefed on them afterward? Signals intelligence might shed some light on that.” Representatives for the Trump associates did not respond to requests for comment. Democratic lawmakers have said that Nunes and others have made the assertions about the leaks to distract attention from two congressional investigations and Mueller’s probe into the Russian matter. The National Security Agency masks the names of U.S. citizens in intercepts, but officials with the necessary security clearances can request them for intelligence purposes.         “Unmasking Americans is extremely sensitive, and unmasking political opponents is really problematic,” said a congressional official, also speaking on the condition of anonymity. If Obama officials asked for the names or failed to justify any requests, that warranted investigation, the official said.   Asked for hard evidence that Power or other aides misused intelligence for political purposes or leaked such information to the media, the official declined to comment. ",1
1803,Pope hopes Trump re-thinks DACA decision on immigrant children,"ABOARD THE PAPAL PLANE (Reuters) - Pope Francis said he hoped U.S. President Donald Trump would re-think his decision to end a program protecting undocumented immigrant children, saying it was important for young people to have roots. “One hopes that it is re-thought somewhat,” Francis said on Sunday in answer to a question on the plane returning from Colombia about the program started by his predecessor and known as Deferred Action on Childhood Arrivals (DACA). He spoke about DACA and the problems of immigrant families in general, adding that he wanted to learn more about Trump’s decision. Trump’s move this month to end the five-year-old program instituted by former President Barack Obama plunged almost 800,000 young people, known as “Dreamers,” into uncertainty. It drew criticism from business and religious leaders, mayors, governors, Democratic lawmakers, unions and civil liberties advocates. Trump said during his election campaign he would end DACA if he became president. Last week, 15 states and the District of Columbia filed a lawsuit challenging Trump’s decision. It claims his decision was “motivated, at least in part, by a discriminatory motive” against Mexicans, who are the largest beneficiary of the program. It points to his statements from the 2016 presidential campaign.. “In the end, young people feel like they have no hope. And who robs them of hope? Drugs, other addictions, suicides - youth suicides are very high - and this happens when they are torn from their roots,” Francis said. “The relationship between a young person and his roots is very important. Young people who have been uprooted today are asking for help,” he said. He appeared to take a swipe at Trump when he said: “The president of the United States ... presents himself as a man who is pro-life. If he is a good pro-lifer, he understands that the family is the cradle of life and you have to defend its unity.” The pope has already clashed with Trump over immigration issues, such as the president’s intention to build a wall on the border with Mexico and deport undocumented aliens. Francis, the first Latin American pope, has made defense of immigrants a major plank of his papacy. The pontiff said during the presidential campaign that a man who thought about building walls and not bridges was “not Christian”. Trump, who grew up in a Presbyterian family, shot back saying it was “‘disgraceful” for the pope to question his faith. Trump met the pope at the Vatican during a tour of the Middle East and Europe last May. ",1
1804,U.N. rights boss urges U.S. Congress to give 'Dreamers' legal status,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The top U.N. human rights official voiced concern on Monday at the Trump administration’s decision to end the DACA program for immigrants who arrived illegally as children and urged the U.S. Congress to give them lasting legal status in the country. Referring to a move to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program in six months, affecting nearly 800,000 young migrants known as “Dreamers”, Zeid Ra’ad al-Hussein told the United Nations Human Rights Council in Geneva:   “I hope Congress will now act to provide former DACA beneficiaries with durable legal status. I am disturbed by the increase in detentions and deportations of well-established and law-abiding immigrants.” ",1
1805,Mexico foreign minister heads to U.S. to meet with Dreamers,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico’s Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray will travel to the United States this week to meet with local leaders and beneficiaries of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, the ministry said on Monday.  Videgaray will travel to Sacramento and Los Angeles on Sept. 11-12 and then to Washington D.C. on Sept. 13, the ministry said in a statement. Videgaray will meet with California Gov. Jerry Brown as well as other officials, the statement said.  ",1
1806,Trump on Hurricane Irma: 'This is some big monster',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump called Hurricane Irma “some big monster” as it battered the Florida coast, saying he wanted to go to the state very soon and praising emergency officials for their efforts to protect people. “The bad news is that this is some big monster,” Trump told reporters at the White House, saying damage from the storm would be very costly. “Right now, we are worried about lives, not cost,” Trump said after returning from Camp David, the presidential retreat in Maryland where he monitored the storm and met with his Cabinet. The path of the storm, tracking the west coast of Florida, meant it might be less destructive than it would otherwise have been, Trump said, noting the next five or six hours would be critical. “I hope there aren’t too many people in the path,” he said. “You don’t want to be in that path.”  The U.S. House of Representatives canceled votes scheduled for Monday because of the hurricane. Trump said the U.S. Coast Guard had been heroic and that the Federal Emergency Management Agency was doing a good job to help coordinate the response with states. He added, however: “I think the hard part is now beginning.” Trump has offered the full resources of the federal government to Florida and the affected states, Vice President Mike Pence told reporters during a visit to FEMA’s Washington headquarters on Sunday. “Wherever Hurricane Irma goes, we’ll be there first,” Pence said. “We’ll be there with resources and support, both to save lives and to help to recover and rebuild these states and these communities.” On Sunday, Trump also issued a disaster declaration for the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico, and expanded federal funds available to the U.S. Virgin Islands in the aftermath of Irma, the White House said. Trump owns a resort in Palm Beach, Florida, where he has often traveled during his presidency, as well as three golf courses in the state. He told reporters he hoped to travel to the state soon. “We’re going to Florida very soon,” Trump said. ",1
1807,Vice President Pence: Trump greatly concern about Irma after briefing,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Mike Pence said on Sunday that President Donald Trump had directed full federal resources to help with Hurricane Irma at it batters the Florida coast and that his latest briefing on the storm caused him great concern. “Clearly the briefing that we received at Camp David this morning caused the president to have great concern for the impact of the impact of this storm moving up the west coast and the potential through heavy winds and storm surge to compromise cities and compromise lives,” Pence said during a visit to the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s headquarters with members of Trump’s Cabinet.  ",1
1808,"No talk of ousting U.S. House Speaker Ryan, says key conservative","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Representative Jim Jordan, a leading House conservative, said on Sunday that fellow conservatives are not discussing replacing Speaker Paul Ryan despite unhappiness with the way Republican leaders handled last week’s debt ceiling increase that included no fiscal reforms. Many Republicans are unhappy with the deal President Donald Trump reached last week with Democratic leaders to raise the government’s debt ceiling and allow it to continue financing federal spending programs until Dec. 8. In an interview with Fox News Sunday, Jordan, a Republican, appeared to cast blame for the debt ceiling hike on party leaders including Ryan, saying they had not provided any “good options” to Trump before he struck a deal with Democrats. “In this situation, he (Trump) wasn’t presented with good options,” said Jordan, co-founder and former chairman of the House Freedom Caucus, the most conservative group in the House. “No one is talking about changing the leadership,” Jordan told Fox. He said a Washington Post story last week that reported that conservatives had met with Ryan to express their dismay about the debt ceiling increase was “hardly news,” because the lawmakers meet with Ryan every week. Rebellious conservatives pushed out Republican John Boehner, Ryan’s predecessor, as speaker in 2015. The new plan also authorized spending $15.25 billion in emergency disaster relief for the victims of hurricanes Harvey and Irma. Ninety House Republicans, including many members of the Freedom Caucus, voted against the measure, which Trump has now signed into law. Conservatives have long called for coupling spending reforms with any measures that raise the U.S. debt ceiling. But the deal did the opposite, raising the ceiling and paying for hurricane relief without spending cuts elsewhere. Republican leaders had urged an 18-month extension of the debt ceiling, but Trump accepted the three-month extension  proposed by Democrats. Jordan said he believed Trump has the same vision and focus as the Freedom Caucus, which was to represent people who felt they had been forgotten by officials in Washington. If conservative options are presented to the president, “I’m confident when that happens, he will pick those options that are conservative,” Jordan said. ",1
1809,U.S. Senator McCain says facing 'very vicious form of cancer',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator John McCain, who recently returned to Washington after treatment for brain cancer, said on Sunday the disease is vicious but that the treatment is going well and he has more energy than before. “This is a very vicious form of cancer that I’m facing,” McCain, a Republican who ran unsuccessfully for president in 2008, told CNN’s “State of the Union” program. The 80-year-old Arizona senator was found to have an aggressive form of brain tumor, glioblastoma, after surgery in July for a blood clot above his left eye. “All the results so far are excellent,” McCain said of his treatment, adding that the prognosis was “pretty good.” “I’m facing a challenge, but I’ve faced other challenges, and I’m very confident about getting through this one as well,” the senator said. “I’ve had no side effects, no nothing except frankly an increased level of energy.” McCain recently completed his first round of chemotherapy and radiation, and he said that he would have an MRI on Monday, an imaging technique used to evaluate medical conditions. McCain, who chairs the Senate Armed Services Committee, is also going to oversee work on a defense policy bill on the Senate floor next week.    “Every life has to end one way or another,” he told CNN,  adding that he was very happy with his life, including the 2008 campaign that he lost to former President Barack Obama.  “I am able to celebrate a wonderful life and I will be grateful for additional time that I have,” McCain said, adding: “Remember, I’m the guy who stood fifth from the bottom of his class at the Naval Academy.” McCain was re-elected to a sixth Senate term in November. In the past, he has been treated for melanoma, a form of skin cancer. He is the son and grandson of Navy admirals, and a U.S. Navy pilot whose plane was shot down over Vietnam in 1967. He spent more than five years as a prisoner of war in North Vietnam and was tortured repeatedly. McCain said Sunday he hoped that people would remember him as someone who had served his country. “Made a lot of mistakes, made a lot of errors, but served his country, and I hope we could add, honorably.” ",1
1810,Trump calls for a tax reform 'speed-up' in light of Hurricane Irma,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Saturday that he will ask the Republican-controlled Congress to further speed up its efforts to overhaul the U.S. tax code, citing the potential impact of Hurricane Irma as a reason to hasten reforms. “I think now with what’s happened with the hurricane, I’m going to ask for a speedup. I wanted a speedup anyway, but now we need it even more so,” the president said at the outset of a Cabinet meeting at Camp David. The White House released a video of his remarks. Trump urged Congress in a Friday tweet not to wait until the end of September for tax legislation. ",1
1811,Trump says churches should get FEMA funds for hurricane relief,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Friday that churches in Texas should be able to receive money from the Federal Emergency Management Agency for helping victims of Hurricane Harvey. Trump tweeted: “Churches in Texas should be entitled to reimbursement from FEMA Relief Funds for helping victims of Hurricane Harvey (just like others)”.  Trump’s tweet followed a lawsuit filed by three Texas Churches seeking federal aid to repair severe damage to their structures by Harvey. It was not clear whether the churches had provided aid to victims. In the complaint filed on Monday in federal court in Houston, the Texas churches said they would like to apply for aid but it would be “futile” because FEMA’s public assistance program “categorically” excluded their claims, violating their constitutional right to freely exercise their religion. They said FEMA’s ban on providing relief where at least half a building’s space is used for religious purposes, a policy also enforced after Hurricane Katrina in 2005 and Hurricane Sandy in 2012, contradicted a recent U.S. Supreme Court decision making it easier for religious groups to get public aid. Becket, a nonprofit that advocates for religious freedoms and represents the churches, said the same principle should apply to federal FEMA relief for Harvey victims. “The principle is that governments can’t discriminate on the basis of religious status, and that is unapologetically what FEMA is doing here,” Daniel Blomberg, a lawyer for Becket, said in a phone interview. A FEMA spokeswoman said in an email it would be inappropriate to discuss pending litigation. The Texas churches that sued are the Rockport First Assembly of God in Rockport, which lost its roof and steeple and suffered other structural damage, and the Harvest Family Church in Cypress and Hi-Way Tabernacle in Cleveland, which were flooded. The case is Harvest Family Church et al v Federal Emergency Management Agency et al, U.S, District Court, Southern District of Texas, No. 17-02662. ",1
1812,California university system sues Trump over roll back of 'dreamers' program,"(Reuters) - A former top security official who helped put in place a program protecting people brought to the United States illegally as children, is suing the Trump White House as head of the University of California system over plans to roll back the policy. Janet Napolitano, the former U.S. Secretary of Homeland Security under President Barack Obama, said in a lawsuit filed on Friday that ended the 2012 Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival program, or DACA, violates the due process of about 800,000 beneficiaries, known as “dreamers,” who were granted permits that protected them from deportation. “The University has constitutionally-protected interests in the multiple educational benefits that flow from a diverse student body,” the lawsuit in U.S. District Court in Northern California said. “If these students leave the University before completing their education, UC will lose the benefits it derives from their contributions, as well as the value of the time and money it invested in these students.” The lawsuit also argues Trump did not follow the proper procedures needed to cancel a program of this magnitude. California has more DACA recipients than any other state, many are in their 20s and are current students.  “They’ve grown up here, they’ve gotten their educations here, many of them don’t even speak the language of the country to which they would be deported if this decision were allowed to stand,” Napolitano said on a call with reporters. The legal challenge comes on top of a separate lawsuit filed earlier in the week by 16 Democratic Attorneys General saying the president’s decision to end the program was based in part on racial animus towards Mexicans, who are the largest beneficiaries. Department of Justice spokesman Devin O’Malley gave the same comment about Napolitano’s lawsuit as he did in response to the lawsuit by the states. Attorney General Jeff Sessions in announcing his decision to end the program said it was “inconsistent with the Constitution’s separation of powers.” Obama enacted DACA through an executive action implemented by the Department of Homeland Security after Congress failed to pass legislation. “While the plaintiffs in today’s lawsuit may believe that an arbitrary circumvention of Congress is lawful, the Department of Justice looks forward to defending this Administration’s position,” O’Malley said in a statement. Trump, who delayed the end of the program until March 5, shifted responsibility to a Congress controlled by his fellow Republicans, saying it was now up to lawmakers to pass immigration legislation that could address the fate of those protected by DACA. Trump’s move was criticized by business and religious leaders, mayors, governors, Democratic lawmakers, unions and civil liberties advocates.  Legal experts have said that court challenges to Trump’s actions could face an uphill battle, since the president typically has wide authority when it comes to implementing immigration policy. ",1
1813,'Dreamers' left confused about fine points of immigration program's end,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Days after President Donald Trump’s decision to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, Mayara Pena still has a lot of unanswered questions. One of them is about her cars. In March, she leased a 2009 Honda for her personal use and a brand new 2017 Dodge van for the small construction business she owns. On Tuesday, Pena, who came to the United States from Brazil as a teenager, learned that her authorization to work and protection from deportation under DACA will lapse in 2019, before the car leases are up.  At that point, the social security number Pena used on the leases will no longer be valid. Moreover, Massachusetts, where the 29-year-old lives, will soon require proof of legal residency to obtain a driver’s license, and Pena worries what that will mean for her existing license – and for her car insurance. In ending the program, Trump said he wants the Republican-controlled Congress to enact a permanent, nationwide solution to stabilize the lives of so-called Dreamers such as Pena, people brought to the United States illegally as children. But in the past, Republicans and Democrats in the deeply divided legislature have been unable to agree on the issue.  The administration has promised an “orderly” end to DACA, but program participants are finding it hard to get answers to their many questions about what exactly that means. Although the program is federal, the fate of its nearly 800,000 participants will vary from state to state, with state  policies determining whether or not they will be able to continue studying, receive financial aid, or even drive legally. Many states do not yet know themselves what the program’s end will mean. More than a dozen state attorneys general and the University of California system are suing Trump in an effort to reinstate the program. “I think it’s crazy because the government gave us chance to come out, they invited us to do that and now they are throwing us under the bus. It’s bad for the economy,” Pena said. “They are just putting us in the shadows again and we are not going to be able to grow.” On Tuesday night, hours after Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced the end of DACA, immigration attorney David Leopold held a 45-minute Facebook Live session in which he was overwhelmed by more than 200 questions and comments from people nervous about their futures.      “What about those in college who don’t pay or pay very little with DACA?” one questioner asked.     “I just received my approval” for a trip outside the country, another posted, “should I travel?”     “How should we address this with our employers?” someone else asked.     Leopold had to explain that many of the questions would require individual legal counseling or just could not be answered yet, as individual states, as well as universities and businesses, have not yet had time to evaluate the situation. Some issues that fall under the federal government will be uniform in each state. Work authorization, for example, will be withdrawn for all. But on some matters, geography will count.  At least 18 states, for example, allow for in-state tuition rates for students living in the country illegally and a subset of those - California, Minnesota, New Mexico, Oregon, Texas and Washington - allow undocumented students to receive state financial aid.   Three states - Arizona, Georgia and Indiana - specifically prohibit in-state tuition rates for students without legal status, and two states - Alabama and South Carolina - do not  let them enroll in any public postsecondary institution, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures.   Jin Park, a 21-year-old senior at Harvard, has been in the United States since he was seven, when his South Korean family overstayed their tourist visas. He will lose his protections in August 2018.      Park is now reevaluating his plans, including applying for a prestigious Rhodes scholarship, which would require him to study abroad. He fears he would not be let back into the United States after that.  He is also worried about his long-term goal of becoming a community doctor for the immigrant community in the New York City borough of Queens where he grew up. Park says he does not think he can do his final hospital training as a resident after medical school or be licensed as a physician if he no longer has a valid work permit.   Stuart Heiser from the Association of American Medical Colleges said he has not yet heard about any guidance group members are giving current or prospective medical students.  “It is very crucial question that is just up in the air,” Park said.             For Pena in Massachusetts, meanwhile, some things seem clearer than others. Recently, she received pre-approval for a loan to buy a house. Her goal was to find a fixer-upper she and her husband would remodel. They have two U.S. citizen children. But when her DACA expires and with it her right to work legally, she does not believe a lender will take a chance on her.  “I am not even looking anymore,” Pena said. (For a graphic on Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, click here)  ",1
1814,Congress approves Trump's aid and debt deal with Democrats,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump signed a bill on Friday extending the government debt limit for three months and providing about $15 billion in hurricane-related aid, bringing his surprising deal with Democratic congressional leaders this week to completion. The bill, approved in a 316-90 vote by the U.S. House of Representatives, had drawn criticism from some  conservative members of Congress. But the Senate passed it on Thursday and the Republican president signed it soon after arriving at Camp David, Maryland, for the weekend. Despite controversy, lawmakers had rushed to approve the legislation, which provides $15.25 billion for emergency disaster aid, before government aid ran out at week’s end as Americans deal with two deadly hurricanes including Irma, a potentially catastrophic storm poised to strike Florida on Sunday. Hurricane Harvey, which came ashore on Aug. 25 as the most powerful hurricane to hit Texas in more than 50 years, killed about 60 people, displaced more than 1 million, and the state governor has said it caused up to $180 billion in damage. The bill raised questions about the relationship between Trump, a political outsider who took office in January, and Republican Party regulars. He has frequently criticized Senate leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan, and his deal on Wednesday with Democratic congressional leaders Senator Chuck Schumer and Representative Nancy Pelosi was an especially troublesome shock for conservative members. Conservatives’ souring relations with the administration are likely to remain a factor as Congress and the White House now face a Dec. 8 deadline on the debt limit and government spending. Asked about Trump working so closely with Democrats on the legislation, White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said:     “I think that the president’s focus was doing what was best for the American people. I think the last thing we want to do is play partisan politics when we have people in places like Texas and Louisiana that need financial support through the federal government.” A White House statement issued after Trump signed the bill said: “The President appreciates Congress putting aside partisan politics and acting quickly to ensure that first responders, local officials, and Federal emergency management personnel have the resources they need.”  Before the vote, U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and White House budget director Mick Mulvaney had pleaded the White House’s case to Republican lawmakers at a Friday morning meeting. It was not well received by some. “There’s a lot of disappointment in the decision the president made and the way our leadership was treated,” said House Republican Representative Hal Rogers, describing a sense of “animosity” at the meeting. “That’s a sore spot. It’s not a happy camp.” “There was some hissing and I don’t know if there was some booing, but there were some groans,” Republican Representative Mark Walker said. Mulvaney told the representatives now was not the time to discuss Washington fiscal problems because of the hurricanes. Conservatives reminded him that during his days as one of the most conservative members of Congress, he had been a strong advocate for threatening government shutdowns in order to win concessions on spending. “It got a little warm for him a few times,” Walker said. More moderate Republicans welcomed the bipartisan approach. “If we can reach across the aisle, we can get things done and not be held hostage by 30 or 40 people,” said Representative Peter King. “You can’t just have one party govern.”     The bill’s $15.25 billion in emergency funding includes $7.4 billion for the Disaster Relief Fund at the Federal Emergency Management Agency, $450 million for the Small Business Administration’s disaster loan program and $7.4 billion for the Community Development Block Grant program at the Department of Housing and Urban Development. Some conservative groups had objected to coupling a debt-limit increase with the emergency funds, but McConnell moved ahead at Trump’s urging. Walker said Mnuchin gave conservatives little hope that the Trump administration would fight to include the spending restrictions they want to see in the next debt ceiling increase in December. In Wednesday’s meeting with congressional leaders, Trump had sought to work out a deal to attach to the disaster funding two short-term, three-month measures to fund the federal government at current levels and extended its borrowing limit, known as the debt ceiling.  Current government funding was set to expire at the end of the month, with a possible government shutdown looming, and the U.S. Treasury had asked Congress to raise the debt limit immediately. Some House Republicans balked at attaching the two crucial fiscal measures to the bill and called it a win for Democrats. Republicans had wanted to raise the debt ceiling for a longer period that would have extended past the 2018 midterm elections. Republican Senator Ben Sasse said on Thursday the deal makes Schumer “the most powerful man in America for the month of December.” The three-month term of the debt limit and spending deal could give Democrats a better chance of winning higher government spending levels in December. Republicans fear that having to deal with spending and debt again so soon will distract them from other issues, such as tax reform. ",1
1815,Senate panel rejects Trump's 'doctrine of retreat' on foreign policy,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A powerful Senate committee blasted the Trump administration on Friday in a report accompanying its spending plan for the State Department, saying its approach to foreign policy weakens U.S. standing in the world. On Thursday, the Senate Appropriations Committee voted 31-0 for legislation allocating more than $51 billion for the State Department and foreign operations, nearly $11 billion more than requested by President Donald Trump’s administration. In the report released on Friday accompanying the legislation, the committee criticized the administration’s request to cut spending on such operations by 30 percent from the year ending on Sept. 30, 2017. “The lessons learned since September 11, 2001, include the reality that defense alone does not provide for American strength and resolve abroad. Battlefield technology and firepower cannot replace diplomacy and development,” it read. “The administration’s apparent doctrine of retreat, which also includes distancing the United States from collective and multilateral dispute resolution frameworks, serves only to weaken America’s standing in the world,” it said. Senator Lindsey Graham, the Republican chairman of the State and Foreign Operations subcommittee, which wrote the bill, said on Thursday that he had asked for more details from the White House about its spending plans. “We’ve got nothing back,” he said. Senator Patrick Leahy, the top subcommittee Democrat, called the “soft power” work of the State Department “absolutely essential.” Democrats and many of Trump’s fellow Republicans have blasted his budget request since it was released earlier this year. Congress, not the administration, controls spending. The administration says the State Department would be more effective if it were run more efficiently, arguing that the country needs to cut in other areas to fund a large increase in military spending. The bill passed by the Appropriations Committee is still several steps from becoming law. It must pass the Senate, and be reconciled with legislation passed by the House of Representatives, and then signed by Trump - or garner enough votes to override a Trump veto. The bill passed by the Senate committee on Thursday departed from Trump policy in other ways, including approving funding for the U.N. climate body and rejecting prohibitions on funding for international organizations that perform or provide counseling on abortions. Those measures, however, stand little chance in the House. Although Republicans control both chambers of Congress, conservative Republicans most skeptical about climate change and opposed to abortion exert more control in the House than in the Senate. ",1
1816,Republicans see tax reform complicated by Trump deal with Democrats,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican party lawmakers warned on Friday that President Donald Trump’s legislative deal with Democrats to help hurricane victims and keep the government running for another three months could complicate his next big priority - tax reform. Trump’s sudden shift in strategy hands a clear victory to Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer and House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi and that could slow the Republicans’ legislative agenda, they said. “This kind of creates complications relative to tax reform,” said Representative Ryan Costello from Pennsylvania. “It seems to me that there’s an element of unpredictability from one issue to the next and this week is sort of a reflection of that.”  “There was a lot of work going into how this was going to take shape in September. And that was entirely undermined … seemingly very spontaneously.” Following Trump’s deal with Democratic leaders, the House of Representatives on Friday approved legislation that provides $15.25 billion in emergency disaster aid for the victims of Hurricane Harvey, which battered coastal areas of Texas and Louisiana last week, and Hurricane Irma, which is expected to pound Florida in coming days. Already approved by the Senate on Thursday, the deal also raises the U.S. government’s debt ceiling and allows it to continue financing federal spending programs until Dec. 8, the new deadline for a deal on both issues. But some Republicans fear the Democrats will be able to use their negotiating clout in early December to resist changes on key tax issues, especially the corporate tax rate, which     Trump wants to cut from 35 percent to 15 percent. Republican Senator Ben Sasse said the experience of watching Trump empower Democrats had been “embarrassing” for a Republican-controlled Congress and that the deal made Schumer “the most powerful man in America.” Sasse was one of 17 Senate Republicans who voted against the deal on Thursday. In the House, all 90 “no” votes came from Republicans but the deal passed comfortably with 183 Democrats and 133 Republicans in favor.  The White House said Trump’s shift in strategy this week clears away complicated issues like the debt ceiling and government funding, both of which had to be resolved in September, so Congress can concentrate more fully on tax reform, which Republicans want to complete by the end of the year.  After the failure of Republican efforts to overturn former President Barack Obama’s Affordable Care Act in July, Trump and lawmakers need a legislative victory to shore up their hopes of maintaining Republican majorities in next year’s midterm elections.  Some House Republicans are already frustrated by a lack of details on tax reform from the administration. They hope to see  more as soon as next week, though some are skeptical. “My expectations are low. I think if they had something big they’d be floating elements of it now,” said Representative Darrell Issa.  How House Republicans respond to the tax plan will help determine the challenges they may face passing a fiscal year 2018 budget resolution that is critical to the Republican strategy for tax reform.  The budget contains a procedural rule that would allow Republicans to enact tax legislation with a simple majority in the Senate, which they control by a 52-48 margin. Republican aides said House leaders had expected to bring the budget to the floor next week, but the document now needs changes to include government revenue projections that take into account current tax policy and the failure to repeal Obamacare,  aides say. Members of the conservative House Freedom Caucus, a formidable bloc in the House, have said they will not support the budget until they see the tax reform plan and want the resolution to contain more cuts to federal spending than the $203 billion over a decade that it already contains.   It was not clear whether the budget resolution could now suffer from conservative anger over Friday’s vote. Many conservatives have long called for lawmakers to couple any measures that raise the U.S. debt ceiling with reforms to cut spending. The deal that passed on Friday did the opposite by attaching an increase in the debt ceiling to more spending to keep the government open, as well as adding money for hurricane relief without making any spending cuts elsewhere. “I love President Trump and I’m with him probably 90 or 95 percent of the time. But I don’t think it’s appropriate to raise the debt ceiling with a $19 trillion public debt and not have any effort to change the way we spend money here in Washington,” said Joe Barton, a House Freedom Caucus member. Mark Meadows, who chairs the House Freedom Caucus, said he did not feel betrayed by Trump and that the legislation was a “unique situation” brought about by the massive storm damage in Texas and Louisiana. “Because of hurricane relief, there wasn’t a whole lot of options,” Meadows said on MSNBC.  But, he added: “Our grassroots are very confused.”     ",1
1817,Trump urges Republicans to start tax reform immediately: Twitter,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump urged fellow Republicans on Friday to begin work on tax reform legislation immediately, exhorting them to hurry up after two days in which he stunned members of his party with overtures to opposition Democrats. “Republicans must start the Tax Reform/Tax Cut legislation ASAP. Don’t wait until the end of September. Needed now more than ever. Hurry!” Trump wrote on Twitter. ",1
1818,U.S waives Jones Act to secure fuel for hurricane responders,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. government on Friday said it was temporarily waiving a law that limits the availability of cargoes on the U.S. coasts, a step that will ensure enough fuel reaches emergency responders during Hurricane Irma and in the wake of Hurricane Harvey.  The Jones Act mandates the use of U.S.-flagged vessels to transport merchandise between U.S. coasts. The Department of Homeland Security waived the requirement for one week. This will allow oil and gas operators to use often cheaper, tax-free, or more readily available foreign-flagged vessels. Harvey, which hit Texas with record floods, had a wider effect of disrupting fuel distribution across Florida, Georgia and other Southeastern states by shutting refineries and pipelines.  With Hurricane Irma, one of the most powerful Atlantic storms in a century, expected to hit Florida in days, the region will experience “one of the largest mass evacuations in American history” and see historic levels of restoration and response crews, said Elaine Duke, acting secretary of Homeland Security. Waiving the Jones Act will ensure there is fuel to support lifesaving efforts and restore services and infrastructure in the wake of the storm, Duke said.  ",1
1819,New Russian envoy describes 'warm' meeting with Trump: agencies,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia’s newly installed ambassador to Washington said on Friday that he had a warm and constructive meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump, Russian news agencies reported. “I was received by President Trump, I presented my credentials. For my part I said that we are looking forward to an improvement in the relations between our two countries,” Tass news agency quoted the ambassador, Anatoly Antonov, as saying. “President Trump received me in a warm and friendly way ... The atmosphere was very genial, constructive and welcoming. At least, that was my personal feeling,” Russia’s RIA news agency quoted Antonov as saying. “We, together with his colleagues, his staff, agreed to continue our cooperation.” “I said that I look forward to working with the U.S government in the area of Russian-American mutual interests. And I said that, as far as Russia is concerned, we are ready to do that, we’re ready to take concrete steps.” Antonov took over as ambassador from Sergei Kislyak, whose contacts with members of Trump’s campaign team made him a central figure in the row over Russian influence on last year’s U.S. presidential election. A special counsel and congressional panels are investigating allegations of Russian meddling in the election, and whether members of the Trump campaign had improper contacts with figures linked to the Russian state. Russia denies trying to interfere in the election. Antonov, born in 1955, is a diplomat by training and before his posting to Washington was a deputy foreign minister. Between 2011 and 2016, he served as deputy defense minister, a period that coincided with Moscow’s annexation of Ukraine’s Crimean peninsula. Two years ago, the European Union put him on its list of officials subject to Ukraine-related sanctions, citing his involvement in supporting the deployment of Russian troops to Ukraine. ",1
1820,White House says expects bipartisan efforts to continue,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump is likely to continue to reach for bipartisan compromise on legislation, something he promised during the 2016 presidential campaign and that the American people expect, the White House said on Friday, days after the Republican president made a surprise debt ceiling deal with Democrats. “I certainly think that the goal is to have bipartisan efforts and certainly legislation where you’ve got Republicans and Democrats both working towards it,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said. “And I certainly would expect to continue to see that.” ",1
1821,Jamie Dimon ventures beyond Wall Street to have a say in Washington,"WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) Chief Executive Jamie Dimon is starting to look like Corporate America’s shadow president. The 61-year-old banker has made more than a dozen trips to Washington so far this year to press a broad agenda with a range of influential policymakers, people who attended the meetings or are familiar with his schedule said. Dimon has already visited the nation’s capital four times as much as he does in a typical year. His ramped-up presence comes after taking the helm of the Business Roundtable, a lobbying group that represents CEOs of large U.S. companies, in December. “We couldn’t ask for a more engaged or more effective Business Roundtable chair,” said Joshua Bolten, former chief of staff for President George W. Bush, whom Dimon installed as the organization’s president and CEO. The frequency of his trips, and the wide range of policies he has been discussing, have started chatter among power brokers in Washington and on Wall Street about how much energy Dimon is devoting to issues beyond JPMorgan. At times, they said, Dimon carries himself more like someone running the country than someone running a bank. “If you’re Jamie Dimon, you’ve always had access,” said Tim Pawlenty, CEO of the Financial Services Roundtable, a Wall Street trade group. “The difference is, now he wants it. He wants to play a role in policy more broadly than just representing his company.” Dimon has said in the past that the only big job he would want would be U.S. president, but also said running for office would be impractical. Associates told Reuters he has abandoned the idea entirely, and only became more active in Washington because he was worried about his bank, the economy and the future of the country. A JPMorgan spokesman declined to comment or make Dimon available for an interview. Reuters spoke to over a dozen people who have interacted with Dimon in Washington or were briefed on his meetings. Most spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to publicly discuss his activities. Those who have met Dimon recently include Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, Democratic Senators Sherrod Brown and Mark Warner, Rep. Patrick McHenry, who is a member of House Republican leadership, National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn and Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen. He was around so much during the summer that Washington regulars said it was no longer surprising to see Dimon pop out of the Capitol Hill subway system or leave a lawmaker’s office. He has joked with staff about getting a condominium in Washington because of how often he travels there, one person said. Although Dimon’s meetings typically center on topics like tax reform or financial rules, he is not shy about weighing in on issues ranging from immigration to education and criminal justice reform, those familiar with the discussions said. In meetings, he has been using an app he asked Business Roundtable staff to build. It allows member CEOs to show how many voters in a district work for their companies, and how many facilities the companies have there, to persuade lawmakers that their priorities are aligned. During his interactions with lawmakers, Dimon can be brash and expresses annoyance with Congress’s inability to advance legislation, people who attended the meetings said. Sometimes he would show his lighter side. One day in July, Dimon spotted his Democratic Senator Richard Durbin, an old foe who championed a rule that slashed debit card fees and which Dimon has called “downright idiotic.” Durbin was withdrawing money from a non-Chase ATM when Dimon approached from behind and quipped: “We welcome competition.” A Durbin representative confirmed the interaction, first described by a Politico reporter in a tweet, took place but declined to elaborate. Those who have followed Dimon through his career are not surprised that the straight-talking New York banker has become even more outspoken during Donald Trump’s presidency. Associates say he has been shocked by some of Trump’s actions, such as abandoning the Paris climate accord, threats to tear up free trade deals, a call for a ban of transgender people from the military and ending a program that protects people who were brought into the United States illegally as children from deportation. Dimon is not the only corporate boss venturing outside his usual terrain. Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS.N) CEO Lloyd Blankfein has criticized Trump in tweets, while others including Apple Inc CEO (AAPL.O) Tim Cook and Merck & Co (MRK.N) CEO Ken Frazier have condemned the president’s actions in public statements. But Dimon, who often refers to himself as a “patriot,” differs in tone and demeanor, sources said. The table of contents for his April letter to shareholders includes categories such as “The United States of America is truly an exceptional country,” and devoted more space to public policy prescriptions than in prior years. After Trump said “both sides” were to blame for the violence between white supremacists and left-wing protesters in Virginia, Dimon offered unsolicited advice on how a president should carry himself. “It is a leader’s role, in business or government, to bring people together, not tear them apart,” he wrote in an employee memo. (The story changes headline to clarify Dimon is not leaving his bank) ",1
1822,ITG's Selway drops out of running for key SEC job,"(Reuters) - Jamie Selway, the leading candidate to head the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission’s Division of Trading and Markets, has withdrawn his name from consideration, according to a person with direct knowledge of the matter. The Trading and Markets job is one of the last major positions new SEC Chairman Jay Clayton still has to fill. The unit oversees securities exchanges and markets, broker-dealers, clearing agencies, derivatives and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. Selway, head of execution services at agency brokerage Investment Technology Group Inc, made the decision more than four months after his name was floated as the front runner for the position. The reason for the delay was not clear.  Selway was not immediately available for comment.   A widely respected expert on equity market structure, Selway co-founded institutional agency broker White Cap Trading in 2003 and was on the board of exchange operator Bats, which is now owned by CBOE Holdings, from 2008 to 2015. Selway’s withdrawal was first reported by the Wall Street Journal. ",1
1823,"Defying Trump, Senate panel approves funding for U.N. climate body","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate Appropriations Committee passed a spending bill on Thursday evening that includes $10 million to help fund the United Nations’ climate change body that oversees the Paris Climate Agreement, despite President Donald Trump’s decision to stop funding it. The 30-member Senate panel, which allocates federal funds to various government agencies and organizations, approved a $51 billion spending bill for the State Department and foreign operations, which included an amendment to continue funding the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change as well as the scientific body the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. The amendment passed even though the 2018 budget proposal that Trump, a Republican, introduced earlier this year eliminated support of any mechanism to finance climate change projects in developing countries and organizations. The United States is still a party to the 1992 UNFCCC, which oversees the Paris agreement, although Trump announced in June that he would withdraw the nation from the global climate pact and cease funding the Green Climate Fund, which supports clean energy and climate adaptation projects in vulnerable countries.  The United States has usually contributed to around 20 percent of the UNFCCC budget. Democratic Senator Jeff Merkley of Oregon, the amendment’s author, said on Twitter on Thursday: “Despite @RealDonaldTrump’s dangerous #ParisAgreement decision & unwillingness to act, we can & will fight back to combat #climatedisruption.” The amendment passed 16-14. Republican Senators Susan Collins of Maine and Lamar Alexander of Tennessee voted in favor, as did all committee Democrats except for West Virginia’s Joe Manchin.  Although the United States announced it would no longer be a party to the Paris Climate Agreement, a pact that nearly 200 countries approved in 2015 to combat global warming, it has said it will continue to observe the ongoing negotiations. In a diplomatic cable that Reuters obtained last month, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said U.S. diplomats should sidestep questions from foreign governments on how the United States plans re-engage in the global Paris climate agreement. The cable also said diplomats should make clear that the United States wants to help other countries use fossil fuels, which have been linked to global warming. [L1N1KU0UP] ",1
1824,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (September 8) - Hurricane Irma, Filibuster rule","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - Hurricane Irma is of epic proportion, perhaps bigger than we have ever seen. Be safe and get out of its way,if possible. Federal G is ready! [0834 EDT] - Our incredible U.S. Coast Guard saved more than 15,000 lives last week with Harvey. Irma could be even tougher. We love our Coast Guard! [0837 EDT] - Republicans, sorry, but I’ve been hearing about Repeal & Replace for 7 years, didn’t happen! Even worse, the Senate Filibuster Rule will.... [0841 EDT] - ...never allow the Republicans to pass even great legislation. 8 Dems control - will rarely get 60 (vs. 51) votes. It is a Repub Death Wish! [0846 EDT] - Republicans must start the Tax Reform/Tax Cut legislation ASAP. Don’t wait until the end of September. Needed now more than ever. Hurry! [0857 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
1825,Trump anger at Cohn raises doubts about his White House tenure: sources,"BOSTON/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A newly fraying relationship between U.S. President Donald Trump and top White House economic adviser Gary Cohn has raised questions about how long Cohn will stay in his job, say two people with close ties to the White House. Several sources said Cohn, director of the National Economic Council, had long planned to stay in his post for at least a year. But one source said concern had grown among Cohn’s allies over the past 24 hours that he might be pressured to leave.  The recent concerns stem from a report in the Wall Street Journal – confirmed by other news media, including Reuters – that Cohn was unlikely to be nominated by Trump as a potential successor to Fed Chair Janet Yellen. Trump had mentioned Cohn in July for the job. Cohn resigned as president of Goldman Sachs to join the new administration. “The calculus has shifted for Gary. He’s gone, essentially, from untouchable to possibly being bounced out,” the source said. “The message is clear that suddenly Cohn’s job in the White House has real downside risk.” Cohn crossed Trump last month when he criticized the president in a Financial Times interview for his response to the violence at a rally organized by white nationalists in Charlottesville, Virginia, in which one woman died. One source close to the White House said Trump wanted to fire Cohn. “Hates him. But that could be ephemeral,” the source said. Cohn, who is Jewish, told the newspaper the administration “must do better” in condemning neo-Nazis and white supremacists.  The former investment banker gave the interview after his wife and daughters pushed him to speak out, if not quit, after Trump blamed “both sides” for the violence. Trump said there were “very fine people” among the white supremacist groups, a comment that disgusted Cohn and those close to him, people who know him said. While the interview was intended to signal that Cohn had no plans to leave the White House and planned to push ahead with his signature project, tax reform, sources said the comments upset Trump. Trump has gone hot and cold on other advisers, some of whom have stayed, while others have left. “Relationships change,” said a third source with close ties to the White House. “If Gary sticks around, I fully expect that Gary’s relationship with the president will improve.” People who know Cohn say that when he does leave the White House, he wants it to be on his own terms. A White House official said Cohn was focused on his job, especially tax reform. “Gary is focused on his responsibilities as the director of the National Economic Council, including a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to deliver meaningful tax reform that creates jobs and grows the economy,” the official said. Cohn said in a CNBC interview last week he had a “great relationship” with Trump and the two were working well together.  ",1
1826,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (September 7) - Sheikh Sabah, Hurricane Irma, DACA","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - Hurricane Irma is raging but we have great teams of talented and brave people already in place and ready to help. Be careful, be safe! #FEMA [0833 EDT] - Thank you, our great honor! bit.ly/2wK56rD [0851 EDT] - For all of those (DACA) that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period, you have nothing to worry about - No action! [0942 EDT] - Welcome to the @WhiteHouse, Amir Sabah al-Ahmed al-Jaber al-Sabah of Kuwait! Joint press conference coming up soon: (link: 45.wh.gov/JointPressConf) 45.wh.gov/JointPressConf [1413 EDT] - Together, we will show the world that the forces of destruction and extremism are NO MATCH for the BLESSINGS of PROSPERITY and PEACE! [1548 EDT] -  During my trip to Saudi Arabia, I spoke to the leaders of more than 50 Arab & Muslim nations about the need to confront our shared enemies.. [1618 EDT] - I encourage EVERYONE in the path of #HurricaneIrma to heed the advice and orders of local & state officials! (bit.ly/2gOXyOO) [2057 EDT] - We will confront ANY challenge, no matter how strong the winds or high the water. I’m proud to stand with Presidents for #OneAmericaAppeal. [2133 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
1827,Trump DACA decision followed months of meetings involving senior Democrat,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - No. 2 Senate Democrat Dick Durbin has had multiple conversations with Jared Kushner and other top White House officials about how to protect young immigrants known as “Dreamers” from deportation, the lawmaker said on Thursday. Durbin, in an interview with Reuters, described Kushner as a conduit to his father-in-law, President Donald Trump, and open to the idea of doing something to help the 800,000 Dreamers brought illegally to the United States as children. Kushner, a top administration aide with a broad portfolio that includes brokering a Middle East peace agreement, held private meetings at the White House with Durbin and Republican Senator Lindsey Graham in April and July, according to Durbin’s office. Durbin, an outspoken advocate for the Obama-era Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program that protected the Dreamers from deportation and allowed them work permits, told Reuters he teamed up with Graham to discuss opportunities with the White House to help those enrolled in DACA. “We initially had a conversation (with Kushner), at Senator (Chuck) Grassley’s invitation, on criminal justice and I asked Mr. Kushner afterwards if we could talk about immigration, separate and apart from Senator Grassley, which we did,” Durbin said. “I went into ... DACA because I was concerned about how this was going to unfold,” the Illinois lawmaker said.The conversations underscore a level of interest in the issue among senior White House aides that could lend momentum to the congressional debate on approving a permanent legislative fix for the Dreamers that Durbin has sought for the past 16 years. The talks also point to a White House that could be moving away from a more rigid immigration stance than during the initial weeks of Trump’s presidency. A White House spokesman said the administration “acted lawfully to correct the unconstitutional actions taken by” former President Barack Obama. “It is now up to Congress to act on behalf of the American people,” he said. The fate of the Dreamers has been in question since Trump won last November’s presidential election on a promise of clamping down on illegal immigration. Several state attorneys general had threatened legal action to kill DACA and set a Sept. 5 deadline for Trump to rescind former President Barack Obama’s executive order protecting the Dreamers or face a lawsuit. On Tuesday, the Republican president said he would eliminate DACA in six months and urged Congress to work on an alternative during that time. Besides the White House meetings, Durbin said there were telephone calls with Kushner as well as calls and meetings with then-Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly, who recently became Trump’s White House chief of staff. Durbin said that Kushner invited Trump aide Stephen Miller to attend one of the White House meetings because of his experience as a Senate aide to Jeff Sessions, who now serves as attorney general. Sessions has been a leading voice in the Senate and Trump’s Cabinet for tough enforcement of U.S. immigration laws and curtailing immigration generally. Durbin said that during the meeting with Miller, “there was nothing in my conversation with him that suggested” he had moved away from Sessions’ rigid stance. Durbin said that he had not spoken directly with Trump since an Inauguration Day handshake at a Capitol Hill luncheon when the new president spoke in positive terms about Dreamers. In describing some of the behind-the-scenes efforts, the senator portrayed a roller coaster-like series of “challenging” signals from Trump that began even before his inauguration on Jan. 20. “During the course of his presidency, he has said very positive things about Dreamers and DACA and it’s been a notable exception to his statements on immigration and travel and Muslims and Mexicans. This seemed to be a separate category in his mind and that’s why I explored it,” Durbin said. He said that Trump’s announcement about the program on Tuesday appeared to be a setback “from what I hoped would occur based on his positive comments on Dreamers and DACA.” “But then within 12 hours,” Durbin added, “the president was sending messages by tweet and otherwise that were more encouraging and they continue even until this morning.”  ",1
1828,Moderate Republican U.S. congressman Dent will not seek re-election,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Representative Charlie Dent, a seven-term moderate Republican from Pennsylvania who has been a frequent critic of President Donald Trump, said on Thursday he would not seek re-election next year. Dent, 57, said in a statement he made the decision in midsummer not to run and that he had never planned to serve more than five or six two-year terms in Congress. He lamented the atmosphere in Washington, saying it was plagued by “disruptive outside influences that profit from increased polarization and ideological rigidity that leads to dysfunction, disorder and chaos.” Dent has opposed Trump, a fellow Republican, on several high-profile issues, including the attempt to repeal the Obamacare healthcare law and the president’s order temporarily banning travelers from six Muslim-majority countries. He easily won re-election in 2016 but faced a primary challenge next year from Republican state Representative Justin Simmons, a conservative who has branded Dent as “the most liberal Republican in Congress.” Dent’s district in eastern Pennsylvania voted for Trump in November but backed former Democratic President Barack Obama in 2008. Dent co-chairs the Tuesday Group of moderate Republicans and has been an outspoken voice calling for bipartisanship in Congress. (This version of the story removes reference to Obama winning district in 2012) ",1
1829,U.S. consumer agency defends student loan reforms from Republican attacks,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. consumer financial watchdog on Thursday attempted to repel a Trump-administration attack on former President Barack Obama’s sweeping student loan reforms and defended itself against Republican attempts to weaken its powers. In a lengthy letter to Education Secretary Betsy DeVos, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) said it had complied with its remit, despite her department’s charges to the contrary. The Education Department announced last week it would no longer work with the bureau on resolving student loan complaints, saying it had complicated the lending process “with potentially inaccurate and inconsistent directives.”  It said the consumer bureau, created after the 2007-09 financial crisis to protect individuals from predatory lending, was not honoring an agreement to promptly refer complaints to the department, but using the department’s data “to expand its jurisdiction into areas that Congress never envisioned.”  The Obama-appointed head of the watchdog, Democrat Richard Cordray, said the bureau shares complaint information in “near real-time” through an on-line portal with the department. It has “not exceeded its authority,” and only fulfilled its mission under federal law to monitor and respond to individuals’ complaints about debts as well as enforce federal consumer law, Cordray wrote.  Congress created the bureau in part to mediate between consumers and credit card companies, banks, mortgage providers and other lenders. The dispute goes beyond a mere territory fight. Republicans revile the CFPB, saying it reaches too far in its rules and enforcement and should be more accountable to lawmakers. Democrats have said it helps ensure fair treatment for middle-class people unable to fight fraud on their own.  Republicans also disapprove of Obama’s attempt to make college more affordable by moving almost all of the $1.4 trillion student-loan industry into the federal government. Currently, only servicing is handled outside the Education Department.  During last year’s elections, Trump and fellow Republicans promised to “get government out of the business of lending” and DeVos is now working to return much of the process to the private sector. She also wants to redo other Obama-era regulations, such as protections for sexual-assault victims on college campuses. DeVos critics consider the department’s split from the CFPB as a way to protect for-profit schools, debt collectors and servicers from government intervention. Earlier this year the bureau, which has received nearly 20,000 complaints about student loan servicers since February 2016, sued the country’s largest servicer Navient Corp for systematically failing borrowers. Navient disputes the allegations and is contesting them in court.  ",1
1830,Trump's son met Russian lawyer for damaging information on Clinton,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s eldest son told Senate investigators on Thursday that he had set up a June 2016 meeting with a Russian lawyer because she might have had damaging information about Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. Donald Trump Jr., in a prepared statement to Senate Judiciary Committee investigators for a meeting behind closed doors, said it was important to learn about Clinton’s “fitness” to be president. “To the extent they had information concerning the fitness, character or qualifications of a presidential candidate, I believed that I should at least hear them out,” said the statement, which was seen by Reuters. Trump also said the meeting with Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya and others in Trump Tower in New York provided no meaningful information. The New York Times first reported the statement.     Russia has loomed large over the Trump presidency. U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded Moscow worked to tilt the 2016 presidential election in Trump’s favor. Several congressional committees and a special counsel are also investigating allegations of possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Moscow. The younger Trump’s testimony is believed to be the first by a member of the president’s family to congressional investigators, much of whose work has been conducted behind closed doors. Moscow denies meddling and Trump denies collusion by his campaign, while regularly denouncing the investigations as political witchhunts. When news of the meeting with the lawyer broke earlier this year, the younger Trump at first said that the main topic at the encounter was child adoption from Russia but then he released emails that showed his reason for attending the meeting was to receive possibly damaging information about Clinton.  His statement on Thursday is further acknowledgment that he was willing to receive potential help from a Russian citizen to help his father’s campaign, when it was still not certain he was going to be the Republican presidential nominee. “The fact that Trump Jr. acknowledges taking the meeting along with two other top campaign officials ... during a time in which the nomination was to be contested at the convention, also highlights how significant the campaign viewed the promise of dirt on their opponent from the Russian government,” Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee, said in a statement. Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner, now a senior White House adviser, and former campaign chairman Paul Manafort also attended the Trump Tower meeting. Congressional investigators have focused on the June 9, 2016, meeting, and what came of it, if anything, in terms of the relationship between Russians and the Trump campaign or Trump business interests. “As will become clear, I did not collude with any foreign government and do not know of anyone who did,” the statement said, promising to “set forth the sum and substance” of what happened at that meeting. Trump Jr. was questioned by Judiciary Committee staff for five hours. He left without speaking to reporters, and the meeting room entrance was shielded by a special partition that kept news cameras from recording his arrival and departure.  A handful of mostly Democratic senators attended the meeting but said questioning was limited to staff. The session was not classified and Trump Jr. was not under oath. However, it is illegal to provide false information to Congress. Democratic Senator Richard Blumenthal described the atmosphere in the room as “cordial.” He said the testimony made it clear there was more to discover.  “There certainly are a lot of areas that are opening for future witnesses, and questioning,” he told reporters.     Blumenthal also said he expected Trump Jr. would testify under oath later at a public Judiciary Committee hearing.  Schiff said his panel looked forward to having many questions  answered when he appeared before them. ",1
1831,U.S. appeals court rejects Trump's bid to bar most refugees,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - A U.S. appeals court on Thursday rejected the Trump administration’s effort to temporarily bar most refugees from entering the country, ruling that those who have relationships with a resettlement agency should be exempt from an executive order banning refugees.  A three-judge 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals panel also  ruled that grandparents, aunts, uncles and cousins of legal U.S. residents should be exempted from President Donald Trump’s order, which banned travelers from six Muslim-majority countries. The ruling is the latest legal blow to the President’s sweeping executive order barring travelers from Iran, Syria, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen for 90 days, which the Republican president said was necessary for national security. The Justices said that the government did not persuasively explain why the travel ban should be enforced against close relatives of people from the six countries or refugees with guarantees from resettlement agencies. The 3-0 ruling takes effect in five days. The U.S. Supreme Court ruled in June that Trump’s ban could be implemented on a limited basis, but should not be applied to people with “bona fide” relationships to people or entities in the United States.  The government took a narrow view of that interpretation, which the state of Hawaii challenged in court. A lower court judge sided with Hawaii, and the 9th Circuit judges upheld that view.  “It is hard to see how a grandparent, grandchild, aunt, uncle, niece, nephew, sibling-in-law, or cousin can be considered to have no bona fide relationship with their relative in the United States,” the court said.  The court also rejected the administration’s argument that the written assurances provided by resettlement agencies obligating them to provide services for specific refugees is not a bona fide relationship.  The agencies’ advance preparation and expenditure of resources for each refugee “supports the district court’s determination that a bona fide relationship with the refugee exists,” the decision said. Trump’s first version of the executive order, signed in January, sparked protests and chaos at airports around the country and the world before it was blocked by courts. The administration replaced that version of the ban with a new order in March in response to the legal challenges. A Department of Justice spokeswoman said: “The Supreme Court has stepped in to correct these lower courts before, and we will now return to the Supreme Court to vindicate the Executive Branch’s duty to protect the Nation.” Hawaii’s Attorney General Douglas Chin said the ruling “keeps families together. It gives vetted refugees a second chance. The Trump administration keeps taking actions with no legal basis. We will keep fighting back.” Refugee organizations cheered Thursday’s decision, saying it will give relief to people fleeing violence who were caught in limbo after the ban. The broader question of whether the revised travel ban discriminates against Muslims in violation of the U.S. Constitution will be considered by the U.S. Supreme Court in October. ",1
1832,U.S. may need new law to address Russian ad buys on Facebook: senator,"WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - U.S. legislation may be needed to require social media companies to disclose more about how their platforms are used for political advertising, a senior Democratic lawmaker said on Thursday, after new signs of Russian efforts to influence the 2016 election. Facebook Inc said on Wednesday that an operation likely based in Russia had placed thousands of U.S. ads with polarizing views on topics such as immigration, race and gay rights on the site during a two-year period through May 2017.  The world’s largest social network was already under fire for how little transparency it provides about digital political ads. Voters, researchers and journalists cannot see many of the ads politicians and interest groups run on Facebook to target certain groups, nor can they discover who paid for them. Senator Mark Warner said Congress may need to update laws in order to make them consistent with rules governing television advertising. “An American can still figure out what the content is being used in TV advertising. You can go look at the ad,” Warner, of Virginia, said at a security conference.  “But in social media there is no such requirement. So, you know, we may need a legislative solution,” he said. A second Democratic senator, Martin Heinrich of New Mexico, said on Thursday that he supported regulating social media ads like TV ads.  U.S. intelligence agencies say there was an extensive Russian cyber-influence operation during the 2016 election campaign aimed at helping Donald Trump, a Republican, defeat Democrat Hillary Clinton. Russia has repeatedly denied the allegations. Watchdog group Common Cause on Thursday filed a complaint with the U.S. Justice Department and the Federal Election Commission alleging that unknown foreign nationals made expenditures during the election in violation of American election law.  Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, said he believed what Facebook disclosed was “the tip of the iceberg” and that Twitter Inc and other tech companies should also examine the issue. Twitter declined to comment. Google, the search engine which also owns video-sharing website YouTube, said on Thursday it had seen no evidence of an ad campaign like the one Facebook disclosed.  Warner’s committee is among those investigating alleged Russian meddling and whether members of Trump’s campaign colluded with Moscow. Facebook’s disclosure about Russian advertising created more questions than it answered, such as which candidates the ads supported and how savvy the targeting was, said David Lazer, a Northeastern University political scientist.  “Does it reflect sophistication and coordination, or did they throw $100,000 at this just to try a bunch of stuff?” he said.  U.S. election law bars foreign nationals and foreign entities from spending money to advocate the election or defeat of a candidate, although non-citizens may advertise on issues. Other ads fall into a legal gray area.  Television has been the backbone of political advertising for decades, and local U.S. broadcasters are required to disclose a wealth of details about the cost and schedules of commercials. The ads can be seen by anyone with a television provided they are aired in their markets. Online advertising offered by Facebook and other platforms such as Twitter and Alphabet Inc’s Google, though, often targets narrow, carefully constructed audiences based on factors such as age, political preference or interests. Facebook is especially valued by advertisers due to its targeting capabilities. Facebook and Google have, so far, declined to make political ads more transparent. They said on Thursday they were both open to reviewing specific congressional proposals.  Facebook also said it was continuing its investigation into possible nefarious activity.  Facebook briefed U.S. lawmakers on Wednesday and turned over information about the ads to Robert Mueller, the special counsel leading his own investigation into alleged Russian interference, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters. Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg said after the November election that it was a “pretty crazy idea” to think false news stories on the network tilted the election.  Since then, though, the company and other tech firms have taken a series of steps to address deliberately false stories or manipulation of traffic by bots. Facebook in April released a report on “information operations” on the site, including some aimed at influencing the French election this past spring. The report on Wednesday expands on that and, for the first time, shows how paid advertising may have played a role in Russian influence efforts in the United States.   Much of the advertising on Facebook and Google is self-serve and can be easily ordered up through their websites. “You can, from anywhere in the world, advertise to the entire world through the platform,” said Nathan Persily, a Stanford University law professor. “It’s incredibly empowering, but it doesn’t have all the regulatory trappings that a medium like television has.” ",1
1833,Trump embraces Democrats again on debt ceiling and immigration,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Thursday embraced a suggestion from the Senate’s top Democrat to end congressional battles over the U.S. debt ceiling, a day after he stunned fellow Republicans by striking a major budget deal with the opposition party. Testing his new opening with Democrats, Trump also reached out on another tricky issue, the fate of 800,000 so-called Dreamers, young adults brought illegally to the country as children. He even honored a request by Nancy Pelosi, the top House of Representatives Democrat, to publicly reassure the Dreamers they do not face imminent deportation. The Senate voted 80-17 to approve the deal Trump reached with Democrats on Wednesday, which would raise the federal debt limit and fund the government through Dec. 8. The legislation included $15.25 billion in aid for areas affected by Hurricane Harvey and other natural disasters. The bill now goes to the House for final congressional approval, where it faces opposition from conservatives who traditionally favor raising the ceiling while also cutting spending. Representative Bill Flores, a Republican helping round up votes for the deal, said his count of party members intending to vote yes on the legislation “didn’t look very good.” Trump voiced support on Thursday for the idea of eliminating the statutory cap on the U.S. Treasury Department’s authority to borrow. “For many years, people have been talking about getting rid of debt ceiling altogether, and there are a lot of good reasons to do that,” Trump told reporters. “It complicates things, it’s really not necessary.” “So certainly that’s something that will be discussed,” he added. Legislation that would end the need for Congress to regularly authorize debt ceiling increases came up during a White House meeting Trump had on Wednesday with Pelosi, top Senate Democrat Chuck Schumer, House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, people familiar with the meeting said. Schumer proposed eliminating the limit, and Trump and Vice President Mike Pence said they liked the idea, one source said. Schumer said the parties should canvass rank-and-file lawmakers to gauge support for getting rid of the ceiling ahead of the next deadline to raise it, in December, the source said. The meeting’s participants did not say whether they would seek to repeal the cap or revert to a practice of automatic increases tied to Congress approving its annual budget, the sources said. Republican Ryan said he opposed any effort to do away with lawmakers’ role in approving debt limit increases, citing the powers given to Congress under the U.S. Constitution. The United States spends more than it raises through taxes and other revenue, and issues debt to make up the difference. The limit on how much it can borrow is the debt ceiling. Congress must regularly vote to raise the cap, which frequently sparks nasty political fights that spook financial markets over the prospect of an unprecedented U.S. default. Representative Barry Loudermilk, a member of the conservative Republican Study Committee, said the proposal to scrap the debt ceiling was worth exploring. “This is something that just comes up over and over again and we’ve never done anything to fix it,” he said, adding lawmakers should have a conversation about finding a permanent fix that also leads to cutting deficit spending, such as a constitutional amendment to balance the budget.  But Republican Representative Joe Barton, who belongs to the party’s right-wing Freedom Caucus, said scrapping the debt ceiling was wrong and he hoped Trump “reconsiders his position.” Schumer said on Thursday he hoped the meeting was “a ray of hope for both parties coming together on the big issues.” Pelosi said Trump also made clear he wanted Congress to act on the Dreamers issue. U.S. lawmakers for years have failed to pass comprehensive immigration reform legislation. On Tuesday, Trump rescinded a program created by his Democratic predecessor, Barack Obama, the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, that protected the immigrants from deportation and provided them work permits. Trump gave Congress six months to work on an alternative by delaying implementation until March.  Democrats want a bill addressing the Dreamers without other issues attached, but Pelosi did not rule out including border security measures that Trump and Ryan want. Pelosi said “we have a responsibility to secure our borders,” but that does not include Trump’s planned wall along the U.S.-Mexico border that many Democrats oppose. “We want to do it as soon as possible to strike while the iron is hot, because public opinion is so much in favor,” Pelosi told reporters. Pelosi said she told Trump the Dreamers needed his assurance he was not planning a six-month-long roundup for deportation. Trump subsequently wrote on Twitter: “For all of those (DACA) that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period, you have nothing to worry about - No action!”  ",1
1834,"Trump says will discuss military issues, Qatar with Kuwait's emir","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said he would discuss trade and military issues with the emir of Kuwait at the White House on Thursday, as well as tensions over Qatar. Trump, welcoming Kuwait’s Sheikh Sabah al-Ahmad al-Jaber al-Sabah to the White House, said Kuwait was helping the United States in the Gulf and things were “coming along nicely.” Kuwait has been trying to heal a bitter dispute between Qatar and four Arab countries, including Saudi Arabia, which say Doha supports regional foe Iran and Islamists, charges Qatar’s leaders deny. ",1
1835,New Senate Obamacare repeal bill due Monday: senator,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A new Republican bill to replace Obamacare will be unveiled in the U.S. Senate on Monday with backing from President Donald Trump, according to one of two Republican senators who have crafted the legislation. The lawmaker, Senator Bill Cassidy of Louisiana, told reporters he was optimistic the legislation could pass before a Sept. 30 deadline, if it can attract the bare minimum of 50 votes needed to succeed in the Republican-led Senate with tie-breaking support from Vice President Mike Pence. The bill, which Cassidy is sponsoring with Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, could revive Republican hopes of overturning the Affordable Care Act weeks after their last attempt on July 28 came up one vote short in a humiliating defeat for Trump and Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell. The new measure, which would give more healthcare powers to the states, is a revamped version of legislation that did not gain enough support during the summer healthcare debate.   “Mitch has said that if we get 50 votes, he’ll hold a vote. I can tell you that the president’s all about it,” said Cassidy, noting the bill had also drawn some favorable comment from a key July ‘no’ vote, Republican Senator John McCain of Arizona. Some Senate Republicans doubt there will be a successful last-ditch effort this year to replace former Democratic President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law.  “It is not easy to get 50-plus-one (votes). Everybody’s kind of got another idea. But I’m open to it,” said Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn, the chamber’s No. 2 Republican. Cassidy said the legislation has had fulsome support from White House officials including Pence, who he said had sought to rally the support of state governors. Graham and former Republican Senator Rick Santorum have held discussions with the conservative House Freedom Caucus, which played a key role in getting an Obamacare repeal bill through the House of Representatives earlier this year.  If approved in the Senate, the bill would need to be reconciled with the House legislation. Both chambers would then need to vote a second time. Since Democrats oppose repealing Obamacare, Republicans need to use a parliamentary procedure known as reconciliation to move healthcare legislation on a simple majority through the Senate, which they control by a 52-48 margin. The tool that allows reconciliation is contained in a 2017 budget resolution that will expire with the fiscal year on Sept. 30. ",1
1836,U.S. House unanimously approves sweeping self-driving car measure,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House on Wednesday unanimously approved a sweeping proposal to speed the deployment of self-driving cars without human controls by putting federal regulators in the driver’s seat and barring states from blocking autonomous vehicles. The House measure, the first significant federal legislation aimed at speeding self-driving cars to market, would allow automakers to obtain exemptions to deploy up to 25,000 vehicles without meeting existing auto safety standards in the first year. The cap would rise over three years to 100,000 vehicles annually. Representative Doris Matsui said the bill “puts us on a path towards innovation which, up until recently, seemed unimaginable.” Automakers, business groups, and advocates for the blind praised the House measure. But one consumer group said the House bill did not do enough to ensure self-driving cars would be safe. Under the bill, manufacturers seeking exemptions must demonstrate self-driving cars are at least as safe as existing vehicles. States could still set rules on registration, licensing, liability, insurance and safety inspections, but not performance standards. Automakers would have to submit safety assessment reports to regulators, but the bill would not require pre-market approval of advanced vehicle technologies. The measure now goes to the Senate, where a bipartisan group of lawmakers has been working on similar legislation.  Automakers and technology companies, including General Motors Co and Alphabet Inc’s  self-driving unit Waymo, hope to begin deploying vehicles around 2020. They have been pushing for new federal rules making it easier to deploy self-driving technology, but some consumer groups have sought additional safeguards.  Current federal rules bar self-driving cars without human controls on U.S. roads. States have issued a variety of different rules in the absence of clear federal guidance, and automakers have complained that California’s rules are too restrictive. U.S. senators might circulate their draft legislation this week. One sticking point is how to handle commercial self-driving trucks, which are not included in the House measure. The Senate version may also soften the provisions preempting state rules.  Volkswagen AG (VOWG_p.DE) and other automakers have been lobbying Congress to act, often bringing test vehicles to Capitol Hill so lawmakers can test out driverless cars. Advocates hope self-driving cars can help reduce U.S. road deaths, which rose 7.7 percent in 2015, the highest annual jump since 1966. The U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said in a 2014 study that U.S. traffic crashes cost society $836 billion a year in economic loss, with human error behind 94 percent of crashes. Consumer advocates want to give the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration quicker access to crash data and more funding to oversee self-driving cars. “The autonomous vehicle bill just passed by the House leaves a wild west without adequate safety protections for consumers. It pre-empts any state safety standards, but there are none at the national level,” the Consumer Watchdog group said in a statement. The policy group Transportation for America said cities are worried the House “legislation will preempt local authorities from managing their own streets and fail to give local leaders the confidence that manufacturers and operators will be aware of and follow local laws and regulations.” On Tuesday, Reuters reported that U.S. Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao will unveil revised self-driving guidelines next Tuesday in Ann Arbor, Michigan, citing sources, and the department confirmed plans to unveil the new guidelines next week. The House bill would require compliance with the guidelines. GM said in a statement that “while more work is needed,” the House measure is “good progress toward a law that will facilitate realization of the safety, mobility, and environmental benefits of self-driving vehicles.” The House bill would also require automakers to add a driver alert to check rear seating in an effort to prevent children from being left behind, and to consider performance standards for headlights. ",1
1837,FBI chief sees no evidence of White House interference in Russia probe,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - FBI Director Christopher Wray said on Thursday he has “not detected any whiff of interference” by the White House into the ongoing investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election. Speaking publicly for the first time since being confirmed as head of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Wray also expressed confidence in Robert Mueller, the special counsel investigating whether President Donald Trump’s campaign colluded with Russia during the election. “I can say very confidently that I have not detected any whiff of interference with that investigation,” Wray said during a panel discussion at the Intelligence and National Security Summit in Washington.  Wray was installed as FBI director after his predecessor, James Comey, was fired by Trump in May. In an interview with NBC after Comey’s removal, Trump admitted he was thinking about “this Russia thing” when he decided to fire the then-FBI chief. Comey later told Congress he believed Trump had tried to get him to drop an FBI probe into former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, as part of the broader Russia investigation - testimony that has raised questions about whether Trump was potentially trying to obstruct justice. The White House has repeatedly denied the Trump campaign colluded with Russia in the election. Trump’s advisers and allies also have questioned Mueller’s independence and credibility, with some pointing out that he has hired attorneys who have given political donations to Democrats. But Wray said he has “enormous respect” for Mueller, who is also a former FBI director. He stressed that Mueller is running the probe but said the FBI is assisting by dedicating agents and providing other support to the investigation. Wray also reiterated his confidence in a January report compiled by U.S. intelligence agencies which concluded that Russia had interfered in the 2016 election and tried to tilt it in Trump’s favor - a finding Trump has often questioned. Prior to his confirmation as FBI director, Wray had only read a non-classified version of the report. “I have no reason to doubt the conclusions that the hard- working people who put that together came to,” Wray said. ",1
1838,"Senate passes disaster aid, government funding, higher debt ceiling","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate on Thursday approved $15.25 billion in aid for areas affected by Hurricane Harvey and other natural disasters, along with measures that would fund the federal government and raise its borrowing limit through Dec. 8. The 80-17 Senate vote came after the House of Representatives on Wednesday approved roughly $8 billion in disaster relief. The legislation will now return to the House, which is expected to vote on the revised package by the end of the week.  President Donald Trump met with congressional leaders on Wednesday to work out a deal to attach short-term, three-month measures in the Senate to fund the federal government at current levels and raise its borrowing limit, known as the debt ceiling. Conservatives in the House have balked at the scope of the Trump-brokered deal, which attached two, crucial fiscal measures, calling it a win for Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi. The $15.25 billion in emergency funding includes $7.4 billion for the Disaster Relief Fund at the Federal Emergency Management Agency, FEMA, $450 million for the Small Business Authority’s disaster loan program and $7.4 billion for the Community Development Block Grant program at the Department of Housing and Urban Development. Representative Mark Walker, chairman of the conservative Republican Study Committee, RSC, sent a letter to House Speaker Paul Ryan on Thursday saying he opposed attaching the debt-ceiling raise to disaster aid. He suggested that spending reforms the group would like should be attached to either the current deal or legislation in December when Congress revisits the issue. The RSC does not typically vote as a bloc but Walker’s letter provides insight into the thinking of its members. Of 240 House Republicans, 156 are RSC members. There are 194 House Democrats and one open seat, meaning passage of the package could depend heavily on Democratic votes. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell had wanted to raise the debt ceiling through the 2018 midterm congressional elections but Democrats knew that would “destroy any negotiations leverage that we would have” over the coming months, Pelosi told reporters on Thursday. ",1
1839,"Mnuchin, Ryan see passage of U.S tax overhaul by end of year","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan expressed confidence on Thursday that Congress will pass an overhaul of the U.S. tax code by the end of this year, a major but elusive goal for President Donald Trump and his fellow Republicans. “We want America to wake up on New Year’s Day 2018 with a new tax system,” Ryan said, adding that his goal was to have a U.S. corporate tax rate at or below 22.5 percent, down from the current 35 percent. “I think it’s still very viable to get it done this year,” Mnuchin said, calling the tax overhaul his and Trump’s top priority. “We don’t need to set a specific date. We’re going to get this done as quickly as we can.” Mnuchin and Ryan made their predictions a day after Trump reached a deal with Democrats to avert an unprecedented default on U.S. government debt, keep the government funded at the outset of the fiscal year beginning Oct. 1 and provide aid to victims of Hurricane Harvey. Mnuchin later met with Ryan, White House economic adviser Gary Cohn, Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell and the Republican chairmen of the two congressional committees that are crafting tax legislation. The group of tax policymakers are known as the “Big Six.” “The major blueprint has been outlined. It’s going to go to the committees,” Mnuchin told Fox Business ahead of the meeting.  But there were no tangible signs of progress.  “I think you’re going to see something very soon,” Cohn told reporters as he left the session. “We had a very good meeting today. We continue to work together. We continue to work well.” A key Republican goal is to slash the corporate income tax rate, which Trump and congressional Republican leaders contend will make U.S. companies more competitive, create jobs and raise wages. But the president and Congress appear to be at odds over rates, and independent analysts say lawmakers may not be able to deliver a corporate rate low enough to be meaningful for companies without expanding the federal deficit. Trump has said he wants to lower the U.S. corporate tax rate to 15 percent from 35 percent. Ryan, in an interview with the New York Times, indicated that a figure that low was unrealistic. “The numbers are hard to make that work,” Ryan said. “He obviously wants to push this as low as possible. I completely support doing that, but at the end of the day we’ve got to make these numbers work.” “Our goal is to be at or below the industrialized world average - and that’s 22.5 (percent). So our goal is to get in the mid- to low 20s. And we think that’s an achievable goal,” he added. The White House hopes Wednesday’s deal clears the decks for Congress to tackle the tax overhaul, a top Trump campaign promise. Even though Republicans control the White House and both chambers of Congress, Trump has yet to win passage of any major legislation, with Democrats typically united against him. His administration previously has offered rosy predictions about the timing of a tax overhaul that have not come to pass. Mnuchin in February said the administration was committed to getting the tax overhaul through Congress by August. Mnuchin, Ryan and the rest of the “Big Six” have been negotiating a tax plan behind closed doors for months, excluding Democrats and producing only a few pages of basic principles.  Trump on Tuesday urged congressional leaders to make a big push on taxes with cuts for individuals and companies and tax breaks for businesses to bring back profits from overseas.  Republicans are still divided on significant issues such as whether tax cuts should be offset with spending cuts to avoid increasing the federal budget deficit and how much to lower the corporate income tax rate. In an interview with Fox Business Network, Mnuchin said he was not worried about the plan going off track because of either Democrats or conservative Republicans making their own demands. Many Democrats have voiced opposition to a tax plan that primarily benefits the wealthiest Americans and corporations. Asked whether he was concerned that Democrats could use the funding deal struck on Wednesday to make demands such as rejecting any tax cut for the wealthy or pushing for a cut for middle-income earners, Mnuchin said no. He also said he expected some Democrats to back the final tax plan. On Wednesday, Trump said he would offer more details about his tax reform plan in about two weeks. ",1
1840,White House budget chief says any tax package would be retroactive,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - White House budget chief Mick Mulvaney said on Thursday that any tax reform package passed by Congress this year would be retroactive. “If it passes by the end of the year it will be retroactive,” Mulvaney told Fox Business Network when asked whether any changes in law would be retroactive to the start of the year. ",1
1841,White House budget chief says any tax package would be retroactive,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - White House budget chief Mick Mulvaney said on Thursday that any tax reform package passed by Congress this year would be retroactive. “If it passes by the end of the year it will be retroactive,” Mulvaney told Fox Business Network when asked whether any changes in law would be retroactive to the start of the year. ",1
1842,Trump says talked with congressional leaders about ending debt ceiling,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday that he and congressional leaders had discussed the possibility of jettisoning a long-standing cap on U.S. government debt, saying it is not really needed. “It could be discussed,” Trump told reporters as he sat down to meet with the ruler of Kuwait. “It complicates things. It’s really not necessary.” On Wednesday Trump agreed with Democratic leaders in Congress on a three-month extension of the debt ceiling tied to hurricane relief legislation and funding for government operations into December. The Washington Post, citing three people familiar with the decision, said Trump and Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer had also agreed to work toward a permanent debt-limit repeal. Trump and Schumer, along with House of Representatives Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, would work on a plan over the next few months to remove the need for Congress to periodically raise the limit, the newspaper reported. “The president encouraged congressional leaders to find a more permanent solution to the debt ceiling so the vote is not so frequently politicized,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said, when asked about the Post report. Any measure would still have to pass both the House and the Senate, both currently controlled by Republicans. House Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday he opposes any effort to do away with the role of Congress in approving increases to the federal debt limit. ",1
1843,Twitter to brief Congress on possible Russia-backed ads: U.S. senator,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Twitter Inc (TWTR.N) is expected to brief U.S. congressional investigators soon on whether Russia used its advertising platform to promote divisive social and political messages during the 2016 election, Senator Mark Warner said on Thursday.  The news came a day after Facebook (FB.O) said an operation likely based in Russia had placed thousands of U.S. ads with polarizing views on topics such as immigration, race and gay rights on the social media site during a two-year-period through May 2017. Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, said the suspected Russian placement of such ads may have gone far beyond what Facebook disclosed, and that Twitter and other technology companies should also examine the issue.    “It was my belief that the Russians were using those sites to interfere in our elections, and the first reaction from Facebook was, ‘No. You’re crazy.’” Warner said at the Intelligence and National Security Alliance conference in Washington. “I think what we saw yesterday in terms of their brief was the tip of the iceberg,” Warner said. He also told reporters he expected Twitter to soon brief the Senate Intelligence Committee, one of the panels investigating Russian meddling in the 2016 election and whether members of President Donald Trump’s campaign colluded with Moscow. A Warner spokeswoman later confirmed that was expected to occur.  Twitter declined to comment.  Facebook briefed U.S. lawmakers on the issue on Wednesday and also turned over information about the ads to Robert Mueller, the special counsel who is leading his own investigation into alleged Russian interference in the election, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters. That information included copies of the ads and data about the buyers, the source said. Warner said he wanted to have Facebook brief lawmakers again and that he wanted Twitter and other companies to do the same. “As you see for example in the case of Facebook, they denied that they were being used in any way. They didn’t do anything,” Warner said. “But by the time of the French elections, Facebook was working with the French” and they shut down 50,000 accounts. Warner said legislation may be required to change how social media platforms can be used for political advertising to bring federal disclosure rules in line with those governing television advertising. ",1
1844,Trump says open to repeal of debt ceiling: 'It complicates things',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday that he discussed a permanent repeal of the debt ceiling at a meeting with congressional leaders this week and is open to the concept. “For many years, people have been talking about getting rid of debt ceiling altogether, and there are a lot of good reasons to do that,” Trump told reporters at a meeting with the Kuwaiti emir in the White House Cabinet Room. “So certainly, that’s something that will be discussed. We even discussed it at the meeting we had yesterday. It complicates things; it’s really not necessary,” Trump said.     ",1
1845,House speaker backs role for Congress in debt limit increases,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday he opposes any effort to do away with the role of Congress in approving increases to the federal debt limit. “I think there’s a legitimate role for power of the purse and Article 1 powers,” Ryan said, referencing a section of the U.S. Constitution that gives Congress its powers. President Donald Trump asked congressional leaders at a White House meeting on Wednesday whether the need for periodic legislative raises to the debt ceiling, which is the federal government’s borrowing limit, should be eliminated. ",1
1846,"House conservative group lines up against Trump deal on debt, spending","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The leadership of the largest group of Republican conservatives in the U.S. House of Representatives said on Thursday it opposed the deal President Donald Trump struck with Democrats to tie together legislation to provide hurricane aid and both raise the debt ceiling and fund the government into December. In a letter to House Speaker Paul Ryan, first reported by the Axios news outlet, Republican Study Committee Chairman Mark Walker expressed concern the deal could worsen the trajectory on spending without providing for any fiscal reforms. ",1
1847,Trump says DACA recipients should not worry about status,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Youths who were brought to the United States illegally and gained protection under the Obama administration should not worry about their immigration status during the next six months before the program ends, U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday. “For all of those (DACA) that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period, you have nothing to worry about - No action!” Trump said in a post on Twitter, referring to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program. ",1
1848,Top Senate Democrat says Trump offered help for Dream Act,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday said he wanted to help lawmakers pass legislation aimed at helping to protect youth brought to the United States illegally, U.S. Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer said.  Speaking in remarks on the Senate floor, Schumer said he had spoken with Trump in a telephone call earlier Thursday during which the president offered to help with the proposal known as the Dream Act.  The White House earlier on Thursday said Trump had spoken with Schumer as well as his House counterpart Nancy Pelosi, and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan.  ",1
1849,Senate panel advances nomination of Quarles to Fed board,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. Senate committee on Thursday voted to advance the White House’s nomination of Randal Quarles to the Federal Reserve’s board of governors, a further boost for President Donald Trump’s plan to loosen Wall Street regulations. Quarles, a prominent investor and former Treasury official, was confirmed by the Senate Banking Committee as vice chairman for supervision at the Fed, a post that will be in the spotlight as the Trump administration looks to unpick the regulations brought in to rein in banks after the 2008 financial crisis.   The committee also voted to advance the nomination of Joseph Otting as comptroller of the currency, a position which regulates national banks. Both nominations now head to the full Senate, where they are expected to ultimately be confirmed. Republicans on the panel unanimously backed the picks, and Quarles received support from five of the 11 Democrats. Otting received support from all the Republicans and just one Democrat, Senator Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota. During a hearing before the committee in July, Quarles said he would ensure more transparency around the Fed’s so-called stress tests for big banks and would work to simplify the Volcker rule, which bans banks from making speculative bets with their own money. Wall Street critics say that rule is vague and unworkable. The Senate panel votes came a day after Federal Reserve Vice Chair Stanley Fischer, a veteran central banker who had spoken out against weakening Wall Street regulations, announced he would step down in October due to personal reasons. Analysts said the appointment of Quarles and the departure of Fischer could accelerate Trump’s deregulation agenda, potentially saving banks such as Goldman Sachs(GS.N), JPMorgan (JPM.N) and Morgan Stanley (MS.N) billions in future revenue. Quarles will also vote on monetary policy as a member of the Fed’s board of governors. “President Trump has the opportunity to radically remake the Federal Reserve Board in the coming months,” said analysts at Compass Point Research & Trading.   “Our view remains that the prudential bank regulators will orchestrate a broad deregulatory agenda for the nation’s banks, with a particular focus on streamlining the stress testing process, softening the capital and liquidity framework, and securing regulatory relief for the nation’s regional/community banks.” Otting is seen as a more controversial pick than Quarles due to his role as former chief executive of OneWest Bank, which foreclosed on 36,000 homes after striking a lucrative deal with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin also was a top executive at OneWest. ",1
1850,House Speaker Ryan expects tax plan this fall: NYT interview,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday he expects to unveil a proposal for overhauling the federal tax code this fall and to get legislation passed by the end of the year that includes a lower corporate tax rate. “We want America to wake up on New Year’s Day 2018 with a new tax system,” Ryan said in an interview with The New York Times. He said congressional tax writers were close to releasing their template for the tax system overhaul. Tax reform was a major campaign promise last year for President Donald Trump and his fellow Republicans in Congress. But the effort has been hamstrung by repeated delays and political distractions since Trump took office in January. The president went on the road at the end of August to tout tax cuts as a way to help American workers and the middle class but Washington’s attention soon shifted to hurricanes battering the southern United States and North Korea’s latest nuclear test. Trump’s treasury secretary, Steve Mnuchin, said in a separate interview on Thursday with Fox Business Network that tax reform remains a top priority for the president.  Ryan said Trump was very engaged on tax reform and “seriously involved in the details.” The president has said he wanted to lower the U.S. corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 15 percent. Ryan, in the Times interview, indicated a figure that low was unrealistic. “The numbers are hard to make that work. He obviously wants to push this as low as possible - I completely support doing that but at the end of the day we’ve got to make these numbers work. “Our goal is to be at or below the industrialized world average - and that’s 22.5 (percent). So our goal is to get in the mid to low 20s. And we think that’s an achievable goal.”     ",1
1851,"Ryan hopes to combine DACA, border security in immigration bill: NYT interview","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday he hoped to see compromise immigration reform that combines border security measures with protections for immigrants who were brought illegally to the United States as children. President Donald Trump on Tuesday ended a program for so-called Dreamers and gave Congress six months to find a legislative fix. In a New York Times interview on Thursday, Ryan was asked if he would put the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program to a vote. “I’m going to put a consensus plan on the floor, because I want members of Congress in both parties to talk to each other and find consensus on this issue.” Ryan said the DACA issue was a symptom of failure of security at U.S. borders. “It is only reasonable that while fixing this serious real problem, we also try to address the root cause of that problem. And that is border security,” he said. “That is where I think the consensus lies.” ",1
1852,Mnuchin says tax overhaul still in sight for 2017,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Comprehensive reform of the U.S. tax code is still likely to pass by the end of 2017 despite the government spending deal President Donald Trump struck with Democrats, U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Thursday.  In an interview with Fox Business Network, Mnuchin said he was not worried about the plan going off track because of either  Democrats, who won the surprise deal on Wednesday with the Republican president, or more conservative Republicans making their own demands.  “It’s still very viable to get it done this year,” Mnuchin said. “We have a path to get this done this year, and we’re still very hopeful that we can get it done,” he added, saying it was his and Trump’s top priority.  Asked whether he was concerned, however, that Democrats could use the funding deal struck Wednesday to make demands such as rejecting any tax cut for the wealthy or pushing for a cut for middle income earners, Mnuchin said no.  Instead, he said Wednesday’s deal “cleared the decks 90 days to have more room to focus on taxes. I think that was a big win,” adding that he expected some Democrats to back the final plan. Separately, Axios reported that the Freedom Caucus, a more conservative faction of House Republicans, is planning to unveil their own tax plan that would cut the corporate tax rate from the current 35 percent to 16 percent.  It would also double the standard, abandon the idea of revenue neutrality and push some kind of welfare reform, Axios said, citing people familiar with the matter. Asked about the report, Mnuchin told Fox Business Network: “I’m not worried about any GOP revolt at all,” adding that lawmakers could push their ideas with leadership as part of a regular legislative process. Mnuchin did not give any more details about the administration’s tax proposal. On Wednesday, Trump said he would offer more details about his tax reform plan in about two weeks. ",1
1853,"Trump, his party: an American odd couple","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - When President Donald Trump spoke to reporters on Air Force One on Wednesday, he went out of his way to praise Democratic congressional leaders he had met earlier at the White House. He failed to mention Mitch McConnell or Paul Ryan, the two leaders of his own Republican party who also took part. It could have been a snub or mere oversight - the White House did not say immediately - but in the context of recent events, it was a reminder of Trump’s lingering frustration with Republicans who control Congress, even as he takes his first steps with Democrats to break a congressional gridlock.  Trump, who has branded Democrats as obstructionists, on Wednesday embraced a proposal from Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer and his counterpart in the House of Representatives, Nancy Pelosi, for a three-month extension of the U.S. debt ceiling, rejecting a Republican plan for a longer extension. By contrast, at a meeting on Tuesday with McConnell, the Senate majority leader, and Ryan, speaker of the House of Representatives, both fellow Republicans, there was little personal interaction in the presence of reporters.  A close Trump associate said that Trump, a 71-year-old brash former reality TV star who had never held public office before he entered the White House in January, had yet to comprehend the need to improve his relationship with McConnell, a 75-year-old dour legislative tactician with more than 30 years in the U.S. Senate. His legislative priorities hanging in the balance, Trump is under pressure to improve ties with McConnell and salvage what he can of an increasingly jeopardized agenda that includes a healthcare overhaul, immigration, infrastructure and tax reform. “You want to go blow up the majority leader, that’s your prerogative, but it doesn’t get your agenda done. If you want to get things done, you have to make nice to him,” the source said.     A senior White House official said on Wednesday that Trump and McConnell had a “great working relationship” and the president respected his grasp of Senate rules and procedures. But aides say Trump privately has expressed annoyance at the slow pace of legislative action on his priorities and blames his own party, especially McConnell, for the failure. A Republican close to the White House said what Trump “doesn’t understand is he needs Mitch McConnell more than anyone else in this town, because he runs the Senate and sets the agenda.” “McConnell is a master of the Senate and he could and should be Trump’s biggest asset,” the Republican said. Trump spent part of recent months feuding with McConnell. After a healthcare overhaul effort collapsed in the Senate in July, Trump and McConnell traded accusations. McConnell said in his home state of Kentucky that Trump had “excessive expectations” of how much could get through Congress in a short period of time and suggested Trump was inexperienced. Clearly annoyed, Trump questioned McConnell’s competence. “Senator Mitch McConnell said I had ‘excessive expectations,’ but I don’t think so. After 7 years of hearing Repeal & Replace, why not done?” Trump tweeted. A source familiar with Trump’s thinking said the president  had a lot of respect for McConnell. “He just doesn’t like to be criticized and he viewed McConnell’s comments as demeaning,” the source said. An associate of McConnell said McConnell considered the usual drama surrounding Trump to be “totally irrelevant” to doing business with him and that from a “practical standpoint” all McConnell wanted to do was get work done. “He’s pretty drama free,” said the associate. “I have yet to encounter a single situation where he allows his personal feeling or animosity or any kind of emotional response affect the way he does business.” McConnell, whose wife, Elaine Chao, is Trump’s transportation secretary, has said he has no hard feelings after Trump’s criticism of him. “We have a lot of work ahead of us, and we are committed to advancing our shared agenda together and anyone who suggests otherwise is clearly not part of the conversation,” McConnell had said. ",1
1854,Trump says he will get into 'great detail' on tax reform in next two weeks,"MANDAN, N.D. (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Wednesday he would get into “great detail” in the next two weeks on his U.S. tax reform plan, which has been short on specifics, even after months of discussions among administration and congressional leaders. Trump, at a speech in North Dakota, listed his broad principles for tax reform as simplifying the U.S. tax code and providing tax relief to middle-class Americans, ideas he has been talking about since his 2016 presidential campaign. “We’re going to get into great detail over the next two weeks, but we’re working on it with Congress now and coming up with very exacting numbers,” Trump said. The U.S. stock market rallied earlier this year on hopes of swift tax cuts for businesses under Trump, but analysts have since reduced expectations for major tax changes this year. The Republican party is still divided on significant issues, such as whether or not tax cuts should be offset with spending cuts to avoid expanding the federal budget deficit and how deeply to cut the corporate income tax rate.  U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, who accompanied Trump on the trip, said he expected the administration’s tax plan to be considered by congressional committees later this month. “We have a plan. The plan’s being socialized with members,” Mnuchin told reporters on Air Force One on the return to Washington. “Our expectation is it will be in the (congressional) committees later this month,” he said. Mnuchin is one of a six-member Republican team that has been negotiating a tax plan behind closed doors for months, excluding Democrats and producing only a few pages of basic principles. Some members of the team have recently tangled with Trump. Trump economic adviser Gary Cohn is also a member of the “Big Six” team. According to sources close to the White House and an administration official, Trump has soured on nominating Cohn to lead the Federal Reserve.  That comes, two sources said, since Cohn criticized the president’s response to the violence sparked by a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, last month. McConnell, leader of the Republicans in the U.S. Senate, is also a Big Six team member. McConnell was attacked repeatedly last month by Trump on Twitter over Congress’s failure to repeal and replace Obamacare.  Democratic Senator Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota flew with Trump to her home state for the speech and was called on stage by the president along with Republican officials. “Everybody’s saying, ‘What’s she doing up here?’” Trump said. “But I’ll tell you what: Good woman, and I think we’ll have your support.” Trump is trying to persuade Democrats to support his push to cut tax rates and simplify the tax code this year, a plan critical to bolstering Republicans heading into 2018 midterm elections, but which so far has included few details. Heitkamp said in a statement that having Trump visit North Dakota was a good opportunity for the state to explain its priorities. She said she was “open to working with Republicans and Democrats on comprehensive, permanent tax reform”, but she cautioned that “the devil is in the details.”  The White House plans to put Trump out on the road on a near-weekly basis this fall to sell his plan, which faces huge obstacles in Congress. Republicans control Congress but have so far been unable to pass Trump’s top legislative priorities. ",1
1855,Mnuchin expects US tax bill to be in congressional committees later this month,"ABOARD AIR FORCE ONE (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Wednesday he expects President Donald Trump’s tax plan to be considered by congressional committees later this month. “We have a plan. The plan’s being socialized with members,” Mnuchin told reporters on Air Force One after Trump touted tax reform in a speech in North Dakota. “Our expectation is it will be in the committees later this month,” Mnuchin said. ",1
1856,Trump sides with Democrats on debt limit in rare bipartisan deal,"WASHINGTON/ABOARD AIR FORCE ONE (Reuters) - President Donald Trump forged a surprising deal with Democrats in Congress on Wednesday to extend the U.S. debt limit and provide government funding until Dec. 15, embracing his political adversaries and blindsiding fellow Republicans in a rare bipartisan accord. Trump, living up to his reputation for unpredictability, met at the White House with congressional leaders from both parties and overruled Republicans and U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, who wanted a longer-term debt-limit extension rather than the three-month Democratic proposal the president embraced. “We could have done a one-year deal today,” Mnuchin told reporters aboard Air Force One later in the day en route back to Washington from an event in North Dakota where Trump spoke about taxes. Mnuchin said Trump chose a short-term deal to keep his options open on possibly raising military funding later this year, suggesting a longer-term government funding deal might have blocked that. Trump is very focused on military spending, “particularly with what’s going on in North Korea and other parts of the world today,” Mnuchin said. “The president wasn’t willing to give up his need for additional military spending.” If passed by the Republican-led Congress, the three-month agreement would avert an unprecedented default on U.S. government debt, keep the government funded at the outset of the fiscal year beginning Oct. 1 and provide aid to victims of Hurricane Harvey. “It was a really good moment of some bipartisanship and getting things done,” top Senate Democrat Chuck Schumer said. Less than an hour before the meeting, Republican House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan had called the Democratic proposal that Trump later embraced a “ridiculous and disgraceful” idea that would “play politics with the debt ceiling.” Even with the three-month extension of the debt limit, a Senate Republican aide told reporters that nothing in the tentative deal would stop the Treasury Department from using its powers to extend the deadline, depending on revenue flow. In the past, the debt limit deadline has been extended for several months under those powers. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, overridden by Trump during the meeting, said he would bring the deal to the Senate floor for a vote. “The president can speak for himself, but his feeling was that we needed to come together, to not create a picture of divisiveness at a time of genuine national crisis,” McConnell told reporters. The agreement was an uncommon instance of bipartisan compromise since Trump took office in January. Washington has suffered through bitter partisanship that has at times left the U.S. capital dysfunctional under Trump and his Democratic predecessor, Barack Obama. Trump had tangled repeatedly with Schumer and top House Democrat Nancy Pelosi. “We had a very good meeting with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer,” Trump, a wealthy businessman who as a candidate touted his deal-making skills, told reporters aboard Air Force One, without mentioning McConnell or Ryan, with whom he has had fraught relations. “We agreed to a three-month extension on debt ceiling, which they consider to be sacred, very important. Always we’ll agree on debt ceiling, automatically because of the importance of it,” Trump said. Conservative groups were aghast, accusing Trump of caving in to the Democrats rather than insisting on spending cuts to accompany the debt ceiling increase, and some hard-line Republicans expressed opposition to it. Republican leaders and Mnuchin pushed in the meeting for an 18-month debt limit hike, then floated six months, but Pelosi and Schumer held firm to their three-month proposal and Trump sided with them, according to people familiar with the meeting. The party in power, in this case Republicans, often argues for the longest debt limit increase as possible for two reasons. First, it protects members of Congress from casting multiple votes on the politically unpopular legislation over a short period of time, especially in the run-up to the 2018 congressional elections. Second, it helps stabilize markets.  For minority Democrats, whose votes are needed to pass debt ceiling increases, they could potentially use the debt limit vote later in the year as leverage to win concessions on a tax overhaul package that Trump badly wants to advance. Even though Republicans control the White House and both chambers of Congress, Trump has yet to win passage of any major legislation, with Democrats typically united against him. The House on Wednesday approved roughly $8 billion in initial emergency aid for relief and rebuilding after Hurricane Harvey, which tore into Texas on Aug. 25, with the measure now going to the Senate.    “Our No. 1 priority was getting funding for Harvey,” Mnuchin said. “To get the funding for Harvey, we needed to extend the debt limit.” U.S. shares rose and the dollar gained against the safe-haven Japanese yen as word of the deal helped mitigate investor concerns about North Korea and a major hurricane barreling toward Florida. The news also lifted the yield on benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury notes US10YT=RR after it had fallen to a near 10-month low at 2.054 percent. The Treasury Department has said the ceiling must be raised in the next few weeks. If not, the government would be unable to borrow more money or pay its bills, including its debt payments. That could hurt the U.S. credit rating, cause financial turmoil, harm the economy and possibly trigger a recession. Representative Kevin Cramer, a Republican from North Dakota, was aboard Air Force One when he heard about the short-term deal. He told reporters on the plane: “I will tell you that I gasped when I heard it.” He said the deal would be a “tough sell” for House Republicans but that some would “warm up to the idea” when they learned more about it. ",1
1857,Facebook says likely Russian-based operation funded U.S. ads with political message,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Facebook Inc said on Wednesday it had found that an operation likely based in Russia spent $100,000 on thousands of U.S. ads promoting divisive social and political messages in a two-year-period through May. Facebook, the dominant social media network, said 3,000 ads and 470 “inauthentic” accounts and pages spread polarizing views on topics including immigration, race and gay rights. Another $50,000 was spent on 2,200 “potentially politically related” ads, likely by Russians, Facebook said.  U.S. election law bars foreign nationals and foreign entities from spending money to expressly advocate the election or defeat of a candidate. Non-U.S. citizens may generally advertise on issues. Other ads, such as those that mention a candidate but do not call for the candidate’s election or defeat, fall into what lawyers have called a legal gray area.  Facebook announced the findings in a blog post by its chief security officer, Alex Stamos, and said that it was cooperating with federal inquiries into influence operations during the 2016 U.S. presidential election.  Facebook briefed members of both the Senate and House of Representatives intelligence committees on Wednesday about the suspected Russia advertising, according to a congressional source familiar with the matter. Both committees are conducting probes into alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election, including potential collusion between the campaign of President Donald Trump and Moscow. Facebook also gave its findings to Robert Mueller, the special counsel in charge of investigating alleged Russian interference in last year’s presidential election, a source familiar with the matter said. The company produced copies of advertisements as well as data about the buyers, the source said. Mueller’s office declined to comment. Facebook said it found no link between the Russian-purchased advertising and any specific presidential campaign. The ads were mostly national in their focus and did not appear to reflect targeting of political swing-states, the company said. Even if no laws were violated, Facebook said the 470 accounts and pages associated with the ads ran afoul of the social network’s requirements for authenticity and have since been suspended.  Facebook did not print the names of any of the suspended pages, but some of them included such words as “refugee” and “patriot.”  More than $1 billion was spent on political ads during the 2016 presidential campaign, thousands of times more than the presumed Russian spending identified by Facebook’s security team. But the findings buttress U.S. intelligence agency conclusions that Russia was actively involved in shaping the election. Facebook previously published a white paper on influence operations, including what it said were fake “amplifier” accounts for propaganda, and said it was cracking down. As recently as June, Facebook told journalists that it had not found any evidence of Russian operatives buying election-related ads on its platform. Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, called the Facebook report “deeply disturbing and yet fully consistent with the unclassified assessment of the intelligence community.” “We are keenly interested in Russia’s use of social media platforms, both the use of bots and trolls to spread disinformation and propaganda, including through the use of paid online advertising,” he said in a statement. A Facebook employee said Wednesday that there were unspecified connections between the divisive issue ads and a well-known Russian “troll factory” in St. Petersburg that publishes comments on social media. Ellen Weintraub, a member of the U.S. Federal Election Commission, said U.S. voters deserve to know where the ads are coming from and that the money behind them is legal. “It is unlawful for foreign nationals to be spending money in connection with any federal, state or local election, directly or indirectly,” Weintraub said in a phone interview.  She declined to comment on the Facebook ads, saying she could not discuss subjects that could come before the agency. Facebook declined to release the ads themselves, prompting a sharp rebuke on Twitter from Pierre Omidyar, the billionaire founder of First Look Media, a producer of feature and documentary films, television and podcasts. “Facebook keeps the targeted political ads it publishes secret, emboldening criminals,” wrote Omidyar, the eBay founder who also provided funding to launch media organization The Intercept. “I don’t see how that can possibly be legal.” Facebook’s disclosure may be the first time a private entity has pointed to receiving Russian money related to U.S. elections, said Brendan Fischer, a program director at the Campaign Legal Center, a Washington nonprofit that advocates for more transparency.  “Whoever may have provided assistance to Russia in buying these Facebook ads is very likely in violation of the law,” he said, adding that Facebook has a legal duty to act if it is aware of similar activity in the future.  ",1
1858,Facebook gives election ad data to U.S. special counsel: source,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Facebook Inc has turned over information about U.S. election ads it believes were bought by Russians to Robert Mueller, the special counsel in charge of investigating alleged Russian interference in last year’s election, a source familiar with the matter said on Wednesday. The information produced by Facebook included copies of advertisements and data about the buyers of the ads, the source said. ",1
1859,Trump's antitrust pick meets with Elizabeth Warren: source,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senator Elizabeth Warren, a Democrat from Massachusetts, met on Wednesday with President Donald Trump’s pick to run the Justice Department’s Antitrust Division, where she pressed him on political interference in antitrust and lobbying, according to a source familiar with the discussions. The source did not say if the meeting was sufficient to convince Warren to support Makan Delrahim. She has reportedly put a “hold” on his confirmation to be assistant attorney general. Delrahim declined comment on the discussions. At the meeting, Warren pressed Delrahim on how he would respond to any effort by the White House to influence an antitrust decision. As a candidate, Trump said he would oppose AT&T’s proposed $85 billion acquisition of Time Warner, owner of CNN and one of the country’s largest film and television companies. Delrahim said in his confirmation hearing in May that on his watch the division’s reviews would be free from any political influence. ",1
1860,Trump call for immigration legislation sparks Republican interest,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s call to the U.S. Congress to pass protections for some undocumented immigrants is stirring interest among his fellow Republicans in Congress, despite the party’s longstanding divisions over immigration that were on display on Wednesday. Trump, who fashioned his 2016 presidential campaign around a pledge to clamp down on illegal immigration, has now turned the political landscape on its head. On Tuesday, he angered business groups and Democrats with his announcement that he was terminating former President Barack Obama’s executive order protecting from deportation nearly 800,000 immigrants, known as Dreamers, who were illegally brought to the United States as children. But he also urged legislative efforts to permanently protect those youth, despite long-held opposition from some of the most conservative members of the Republican Party who comprise his base of supporters. Democrats have long been united around major elements of a comprehensive immigration bill, while Republicans have been divided over whether to embrace anything beyond narrow tweaks of current law. “My challenge to the president,” said Republican Senator Lindsey Graham, is to help Congress get legislation passed within Trump’s six-month deadline. “Work the phones, try to find a consensus.” Republican lawmakers on Wednesday touted a slew of competing ideas on immigration that could lure votes from many pockets of the party but might doom any bill by alienating Democrats or conservative Republicans. One of Trump’s most vocal supporters in Congress, Republican Representative Chris Collins, wasted no time in introducing legislation on Tuesday to protect Dreamers. In an interview on Wednesday he went further, calling for comprehensive moves to put the 11 million undocumented people living in the United States on a pathway to citizenship if they qualify. “Our dairy farmers need it, our crop farmers, the hoteliers, the restaurateurs, the families need it, the kids need it,” Collins said of firms that employ foreign workers and the millions of undocumented. Representative Pete Sessions, a senior Republican who chairs the powerful House Rules Committee, said he favors allowing undocumented immigrants to apply for a “guest worker” program. But he said he would not support legislation that ultimately grants them citizenship - a major stumbling block for immigration advocacy groups, Democrats and some Republicans. Attorney General Jeff Sessions also said Republicans are not fully on board yet with effort. Upon leaving a closed-door meeting of House Republicans, he was asked whether immigration legislation might emerge in early 2018. “I think that there’s no decision. We listened carefully,” he said. Indeed, conservative Republican Representative Mike Burgess quipped, “We’ve got other things that are probably more pressing” than addressing the Dreamers now. The immigration issue has vexed Congress for years, raising doubts about whether Trump and a Republican Congress could build a consensus around legislation. “It may be difficult for Republicans to address the DACA (Obama’s executive order) issue within the six-month time frame, because that’s exactly when many of them are entering primary season, where candidates could outflank them on the right calling them weak on immigration,” said Ron Bonjean, a political strategist who previously worked for House and Senate Republican leaders. Meanwhile, Senator Tom Cotton wants to reduce the number of legal immigrants allowed into the United States, a move that Democratic Senator Dick Durbin called “problematic,” especially amid some Republican opposition. In the meantime, lawmakers are expected to fine-tune proposals to help farmers get easier access to temporary foreign workers, just as others work to help their home-state high-tech industries get more visas for skilled immigrants. More border security steps are likely too, although there is only weak support for Trump’s southwestern border wall. Those measures could help House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell patch together the votes that would be needed - if they are so inclined. If the effort sputters, as it has so many times in the past, Republican Representative Mike Coffman has a Plan B at the ready: a three-year pause in deporting qualified Dreamers to give Congress yet more time to come up with a permanent fix. ",1
1861,Oklahoma governor plans special session to fix budget shortfall,"(Reuters) - Oklahoma Governor Mary Fallin plans to call a special legislative session to fill a budget shortfall of $215 million tied to cigarette sales, according to a statement issued by her office on Wednesday.  “I am planning on calling a special session beginning September 25 for legislators to adjust the current fiscal year budget,” she said in a statement.  On Aug. 10, Oklahoma’s State Supreme Court ruled against a measure passed during the last legislative session that created a $1.50 “cessation” fee for cigarette packs. The fee was expected to add about $215 million to state coffers, mostly earmarked for health and human services agencies.  Fallin said in a statement last month that the ruling meant Oklahoma would also miss out on federal matching funds. The fee was passed when lawmakers were attempting to fill an $878 million budget shortfall.  A special session would cost Oklahoma an additional $30,000 per day, according to an August statement by the state’s House Democratic Caucus.  Following Fallin’s announcement Wednesday, House Speaker Charles McCall, in a statement, said House Republicans would consider raising a cigarette tax in a special session “but will send it to a vote of the people if House Democrats again refuse to support the measure.” If passed in special session, the cigarette tax would generate approximately $122 million for fiscal 2018’s budget, the statement said. The balance of money to plug the hole would come from existing budget sources as well as utilizing some of the state’s Rainy Day Fund “The cigarette tax is the only feasible tax option Oklahomans have said they would support,” McCall said. Oklahoma’s fiscal issues stem from tax cuts and structural changes to the state budget, further exacerbated by a decline in energy prices a few years ago, said Robert Dauffenbach, a senior associate dean for economic development and impact at the University of Oklahoma. Oklahoma has a balanced budget requirement. Its fiscal 2018 budget totaled about $6.8 billion, according to Michael McNutt, a spokesman for Fallin. The yield on Oklahoma 10-year general obligation bonds traded 20 basis points over the benchmark Thomson Reuters Municipal Market Data AAA yield scale at the close on Tuesday. The yield was little changed from the end of May, when the state’s legislative session ended.  ",1
1862,Trump Jr. to testify privately to Senate committee on Thursday,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s oldest son, Donald Trump Jr., will testify privately to the Senate Judiciary Committee on Thursday as it investigates allegations of Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election. Trump Jr. had been invited to testify in public in a hearing in July, but reached an agreement to speak privately with committee staff. “We look forward to a professional and productive meeting and appreciate the opportunity to assist the committee,” Alan Futerfas, a lawyer for Trump Jr., said in a statement on Wednesday. Russia has loomed large over the first seven months of the Trump presidency. U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Russia worked to tilt last year’s presidential election in favor of Trump, the Republican candidate. Special counsel Robert Mueller is leading an investigation examining potential collusion with Russia by the Trump campaign. Several congressional committees are also looking into the matter, with the Senate and House intelligence committees conducting the main congressional investigations. Trump Jr. is expected to testify before Senate Intelligence sometime later this year. “I’m not interesting in talking to principal witnesses until I’ve talked to everybody else that was in the room,” Senator Richard Burr, the panel’s Republican chairman, told reporters. Congressional investigators have focused on a June 9, 2016, meeting at Trump Tower whose attendees included a Russian lawyer and lobbyist and Trump associates including his son, and what came out of it, if anything, in terms of the relationship between Russians and the Trump campaign or Trump business interests. Separately, Susan Rice, who was national security adviser for former President Barack Obama, testified on Tuesday before the House Intelligence Committee for about four hours. Erin Pelton, a spokeswoman for Rice, said she had met voluntarily with the committee as part of its investigation. “Ambassador Rice remains fully supportive of bipartisan efforts to determine the extent and scope of Russia’s outrageous efforts to interfere in the 2016 election,” she said in a statement. Rice had been subpoenaed by the committee as it looked into Republican concerns about whether anyone from the administration of Obama, a Democrat, had asked to “unmask” names of Trump campaign advisers picked up in top-secret foreign communications intercepts. Several U.S. officials have told Reuters that all such requests by Obama administration officials were properly scrutinized and appropriate. Moscow has denied any meddling. Trump denies collusion by his campaign. ",1
1863,"Trump administration, states headed for showdown over fuel rules","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration and major U.S. states appear to be headed for a showdown over landmark rules aimed at doubling the fuel efficiency of vehicles sold in the United States. At an Environmental Protection Agency public hearing on Wednesday on the fuel rules in Washington, California air resources board official Annette Hebert warned that the state could withdraw from a nationwide vehicle emissions program if the EPA weakens the regulations or ignores the technical record. New York state also urged the administration not to weaken the rules. “Science doesn’t change based on election results,” Hebert said, referring to the November election of Republican President Donald Trump. In March, Trump ordered a review of U.S. vehicle fuel-efficiency standards from model year 2022 through 2025 established under the Obama administration, and suggested he would reduce regulatory requirements.  “The assault on the American auto industry is over,” he told automakers in Michigan. Automakers want the White House and California to reach agreement on revisions because a legal battle over the rules could result in lengthy uncertainly for the industry. They also want changes in the rules to address lower gas prices and a shift in U.S. consumer preferences to larger, less fuel-efficient vehicles. Federal law prohibits states from setting their own vehicle emissions rules, except for California, which can seek waivers to federal policy under the Clean Air Act. Other states can choose to adopt California’s rules. Julia Rege of Global Automakers, a group representing automakers including Toyota Motor Corp (7203.T) and Hyundai Motor Co (005380.KS), said at the hearing that automakers need national rules, and urged U.S. regulators and California to “be as actively involved in the process as before, and work to keep the national program intact.” With just over six months before the 2025 rules must be finalized, there have been no vehicle emission talks between California, automakers and U.S. officials. The White House has held talks with automakers about the review in recent months, Reuters reported last month. In June, New York state’s attorney general, Eric Schneiderman, and 12 other top state law enforcement officials said they would mount a court challenge to any effort to roll back vehicle emission rules. United Auto Workers legislative director Josh Nassar said at the hearing that the national program should be continued to “prevent chaos, lawsuits, uncertainty.” The Obama administration’s rules, negotiated with automakers in 2011, were aimed at doubling average fleet-wide fuel efficiency to about 50 miles (80 km) per gallon by 2025. The Obama administration said the rules would save motorists $1.7 trillion in fuel costs over the life of the vehicles but cost the auto industry about $200 billion over 13 years. A number of environmental advocates and retired military leaders at the hearing urged U.S. regulators not to weaken the standards. Automakers want changes. “To keep costs reasonable for buyers and maximize future production levels and fleet turnover, it is vital to clearly focus on consumer preferences and market realities,” said Chris Nevers, an official with the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, a trade group representing General Motors Co (GM.N), Toyota, Volkswagen AG (VOWG_p.DE) and others. U.S. regulators disclosed earlier that they may revise fuel efficiency requirements starting with the 2021 model year, a year earlier than Trump announced in March. ",1
1864,States file lawsuit challenging Trump decision on Dreamers,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Fifteen states and the District of Columbia filed a lawsuit on Wednesday challenging President Donald Trump’s decision to end protections and benefits for young people who were brought into the United States illegally as children. The multistate lawsuit filed by a group of Democratic attorneys general on Wednesday to protect beneficiaries of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program argues their state economies will be hurt if residents lose their status. The lawsuit seeks to block Trump’s decision and maintain DACA. The lawsuit claims Trump’s decision was “motivated, at least in part, by a discriminatory motive” against Mexicans, who are the largest beneficiary of the program. It points to his statements from the 2016 presidential campaign.   The attorneys general also argue the government has not guaranteed DACA recipients that their application information will not be used “for purposes of immigration enforcement, including identifying, apprehending, detaining, or deporting non-citizens.” New York’s Attorney General Eric Schneiderman took the lead filing the case in the Eastern District of New York. He said that 42,000 New Yorkers participate in DACA, and the end of the program will be “devastating” for them and would cause “huge economic harm” to the state.   In commenting on the suit, the U.S. Department of Justice noted that DACA was implemented under an executive order by former President Barack Obama, not through congressional action. “While the plaintiffs in today’s lawsuits may believe that an arbitrary circumvention of Congress is lawful, the Department of Justice looks forward to defending this Administration’s position,” spokesman Devin M. O’Malley said. Trump’s decision on Tuesday to end the five-year-old program instituted by former President Barack Obama plunged almost 800,000 young people, known as “Dreamers,” into uncertainty. The move drew criticism from business and religious leaders, mayors, governors, Democratic lawmakers, unions and civil liberties advocates.  Trump, who delayed the end of the program until March 5, shifted responsibility to a Congress controlled by his fellow Republicans, saying it was now up to lawmakers to pass immigration legislation that could address the fate of those protected by DACA.   But the governor of Washington, whose state joined the lawsuit, criticized Trump for distancing himself from a final decision on the program.  Trump said Tuesday he still has “great heart” for the dreamers. “The president has tried to shirk responsibility for this, but let’s be clear, it is his hand on the knife in these people’s backs,” said Washington Governor Jay Inslee at a press conference announcing the suit. “He can’t just put it on Congress. It is his responsibility to fix this.” Other claims in the lawsuit are based on the Administrative Procedure Act, arguing the White House did not follow the correct process in changing the policy.  Legal experts have said that court challenges to Trump’s actions could face an uphill battle, since the president typically has wide authority when it comes to implementing immigration policy. ",1
1865,"House Speaker Ryan says DACA fix, border security need to be linked","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan said on Wednesday that any legislation to address the roughly 800,000 undocumented people in the United States covered by the so-called Dreamers program would also need to also address border security. “It’s only reasonable and fitting that we also address the root cause of the problem, which is borders that are not sufficiently controlled, while we address this very real and very human problem that’s right in front of us,” Ryan told reporters of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program. ",1
1866,"Trump says hurricane does not look good, eyes debt ceiling debate","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Wednesday said the hurricane moving toward Florida and Puerto Rico looks to be record-breaking and said a meeting with congressional leaders would show whether they could work out challenges the country faced. “We have many many things that are on the plate. Hopefully we can solve them,” he said during a meeting with Republican and Democratic congressional leaders. “Maybe we won’t be able to,” he said. Asked if he would accept a three-month debt ceiling increase tied to disaster relief funding, Trump said: “We’ll see.” ",1
1867,"McConnell to support Trump-Democratic deal on debt ceiling, Harvey","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said on Wednesday he supports fellow Republican President Donald Trump’s deal with Democratic congressional leaders to extend the U.S. debt ceiling and fund the government into December in legislation that would provide relief for victims of Hurricane Harvey. “That’s what I will be offering, based on the president’s decision, to the (House of Representatives) bill. And we’ll try to get 60 votes and move forward,” McConnell told reporters. McConnell said Hurricanes Harvey and Irma constituted a national emergency. “His feeling was that we needed to come together to not create a picture of divisiveness at a time of genuine national crisis,” he said of Trump. ",1
1868,House approves $8 billion in initial Hurricane Harvey relief,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives on Wednesday approved roughly $8 billion in initial emergency aid for relief and rebuilding after Hurricane Harvey, which tore into Texas on Aug. 25. The House-passed measure, which provides $7.4 billion for the Federal Emergency Management Agency and $450 million for the Small Business Administration, will now go to the Senate. Barring unexpected setbacks, the aid measure is expected to be sent to the White House by the end of the week. After a White House meeting between President Donald Trump and congressional leaders from both parties, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi announced that they had reached a deal to tie the Harvey aid to short-term measures to fund the government and raise the debt ceiling through Dec. 15. “Both sides have every intention of avoiding default in December and look forward to working together on the many issues before us,” Schumer and Pelosi said in a joint statement. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell had favored linking the Harvey aid to a measure to raise the debt ceiling, or the federal government’s borrowing limit, through the 2018 midterm elections, aides said. But many conservative Republicans oppose tying Harvey aid to a debt ceiling measure without related reforms. Republicans at the White House meeting had pressed to raise the debt ceiling for a longer period of time but Trump sided with Democrats, who said earlier on Wednesday they would back a three-month extension, an individual briefed on the meeting said. If passed, the deal would avoid a shutdown of the U.S. government by using a three-month, short-term patch to fund the government at current levels through Dec. 15 while Congress works out a longer-term spending package for fiscal year 2018. ",1
1869,Florida senators seek funding for Hurricane Irma in Harvey bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senators Marco Rubio and Bill Nelson of Florida asked Senate leaders to include additional funding for Hurricane Irma in a $7.85 billion disaster aid package for Hurricane Harvey passed by the House of Representatives earlier on Wednesday. Rubio, a Republican, and Nelson, a Democrat, said in a statement they made the request to cover costs expected to be incurred by the Federal Emergency Management Agency as Irma, a powerful Category 5 hurricane, approaches Florida. ",1
1870,Massachusetts ballot initiative on president tax return passes hurdle,"BOSTON (Reuters) - A proposed Massachusetts ballot initiative that would allow voters to require U.S. presidential candidates to release their tax returns cleared a key hurdle on Wednesday, as state lawmakers mulled a similar bill after President Donald Trump declined to release his returns. The state’s attorney general, Maura Healey, a Democrat, certified the initiative petition along with 20 others covering a variety of topics as having met constitutional requirements for ballot questions. The proposed Massachusetts law would require candidates for U.S. president and vice president to submit to the state’s secretary copies of their federal income tax returns for the last six years that could then be made public. Certification of the petitions means backers can begin collecting the tens of thousands of signatures needed to get their questions onto the November 2018 ballot. Healey’s office said her decision did not mean she supported the petitions. The election-related initiative came after Trump, a Republican, last year became the first major presidential candidate since the 1970s to not voluntarily release at least some of his tax returns. Healey’s certification of the petition came as state lawmakers held a committee hearing and took testimony on a bill that would require U.S. presidential candidates to also disclose their tax returns in order to get onto the ballot. Senator Michael Barrett, the bill’s Democratic sponsor, in an interview said the bill had “a lot of grassroots interest,” and was receiving support from March Forward Mass, which formed after the Women’s March protest held in January a day after Trump was inaugurated. William Galvin, the Democratic secretary of state, testified in support of the bill, saying the public disclosure of tax returns is needed in order for voters to know about a candidate’s potential conflicts of interest. “This bill is not about Donald Trump,” he said. “It’s because of Donald Trump.” Barrett acknowledged such a law could be subject to lawsuits. The U.S. Constitution sets out qualifications to become president, and critics could argue the state’s law would unconstitutionally do the same. But Galvin testified that he believed that a law requiring tax returns’ disclosures could survive a legal challenge as states have a right to set conditions to get on their ballots. Similar proposals are being considered in other states. Republican New Jersey Governor Chris Christie in May vetoed a bill that would have required the disclosure by presidential candidates of tax returns, calling it “politics at its worst.” ",1
1871,Trump Justice Department civil rights nominee denounces neo-Nazis,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s nominee to lead the U.S. Justice Department’s Civil Rights Division denounced white hate groups on Wednesday and pledged to support the agency’s investigation into the murder of a woman by a man believed to harbor Nazi sympathies.  In his confirmation hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee, Eric Dreiband called white supremacy groups “a disgrace” and said he was putting people “on notice” that if they commit racially motivated crimes, then the “Civil Rights Division is coming for them.”   Last month’s rally by white nationalists in Charlottesville, Virginia, has weighed heavily on the Trump administration in recent weeks, after Trump suggested that “both sides” were to blame for violence between the protesters and counter-demonstrators. His comments drew a sharp rebuke from both sides of the aisle in Congress. More recently, Trump angered civil rights activists after he pardoned former Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio, who was convicted of criminal contempt for defying a 2011 injunction that barred his deputies from racially profiling Latinos. Dreiband told the committee, “The bigotry and ideology of Neo-Nazism, Nazism, white supremacists and the Ku Klux Klan are a disgrace to this country and should be eradicated from the United States.” Attorney General Jeff Sessions recently announced the department was launching a civil rights investigation into the  death of Heather Heyer, 32, who died after witnesses saw James Alex Fields Jr. drive his car into a crowd of counter-protesters.  Those who know Fields said the 20-year-old Ohio man harbored white supremacist views. He already faces state charges in the incident. “If confirmed, I will do everything I can to support the investigation,” Dreiband told senators on Wednesday.  Multiple civil rights groups have strongly opposed Dreiband’s nomination to head the Civil Rights Division as an assistant attorney general. Dreiband, a partner at the law firm Jones Day, has represented companies in some high-profile discrimination cases and has written several articles critical of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC). Dreiband previously worked at both the EEOC and the Labor Department’s Wage and Hour Division during the George W. Bush administration. He also served under Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr. More recently, he represented retailer Abercrombie and Fitch Co after it was sued by the EEOC for refusing to let a Muslim female job applicant observe her religion by wearing a head scarf.  The Supreme Court ruled 8-1 against the company in 2015. Dreiband also represented R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co in a case last year involving a 49-year-old job applicant who sued over age discrimination.  A divided U.S. appeals court later sided with the company, finding it did not violate the federal Age Discrimination in Employment Act by telling recruiters to hire workers just out of college.   In his testimony Wednesday, Dreiband stressed that he has represented a diverse array of clients, including a police shooting victim and another facing the death penalty. ",1
1872,Senator Bob Menendez faces federal corruption trial,"NEWARK, N.J. (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Bob Menendez abused his power to help a wealthy benefactor in a years-long bribery scheme that netted the New Jersey Democrat lavish gifts and major campaign donations, federal prosecutors told a jury on Wednesday. “This case is about a corrupt politician who sold his Senate office for a life of luxury he couldn’t afford,” the lead prosecutor, Peter Koski, said at the start of Menendez’s corruption trial in Newark. Menendez’s lawyer, Abbe Lowell, said prosecutors had twisted a close, brother-like relationship into something illicit. “Acting out of friendship is not improper, it is not corrupt, and it is certainly not a crime,” he said. Menendez is accused of intervening with federal officials to help his co-defendant Salomon Melgen, a Florida ophthalmologist who gave the senator private flights, stays at a Caribbean villa and hundreds of thousands of dollars in campaign money. The case comes at a crucial time in Washington, D.C., where Republicans hold a razor-thin 52-48 edge in the Senate. If Menendez is convicted and either resigns or is expelled by his colleagues before January, his replacement would be named by New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, a Republican. A group of supporters cheered Menendez, 63, as he entered court on Wednesday morning. The senator told reporters he had “never backed away from a fight.” He is running for a third six-year term in 2018 despite the charges. Koski told jurors Menendez used his influence to help Melgen, securing visas for Melgen’s foreign girlfriends and pressuring the U.S. State Department to resolve a contract dispute between a company Melgen owned and the Dominican Republic. After Medicare, the federal insurance plan for the elderly and disabled, concluded Melgen had overbilled it by $8.9 million, Menendez asked officials to change the reimbursement policy, Koski said. Melgen was convicted earlier this year of perpetrating a massive Medicare fraud. He has yet to be sentenced. Koski also urged jurors to pay attention to the timing of Melgen’s gifts. In April 2012, for instance, Menendez met with an assistant secretary of state regarding the Dominican Republic dispute; Melgen gave Menendez $80,000 on the same day. “Robert Menendez was Salomon Melgen’s personal United States senator,” Koski said. Lowell said Menendez only acted at Melgen’s suggestion after researching the issue with his staff and concluding it was sound policy. He also accused prosecutors of cherry-picking a handful of examples amidst countless similar interventions that Menendez has made over the years when matters were brought to his attention. The trial is expected to last up to eight weeks. ",1
1873,"Trump, lawmakers agree on disaster aid, debt limit, spending: Democrats","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and congressional leaders agreed on Wednesday to pass an extension of the debt limit until Dec. 15, as well as a government funding bill covering the same period and disaster aid for Hurricane Harvey victims, Democratic Senate leader Chuck Schumer and House leader Nancy Pelosi said. “Both sides have every intention of avoiding default in December and look forward to working together on the many issues before us,” Schumer and Pelosi said in a statement. “As Democratic leaders, we also made it clear that we strongly believe the DREAM Act must come to the floor and pass as soon as possible and we will not rest until we get this done.” ",1
1874,Congressional Democrats back Harvey aid with three-month debt limit increase,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Congressional Democratic leaders on Wednesday said they would support an effort to tie government financial relief in the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey to a three-month extension of the nation’s debt limit. “Democrats are prepared to offer our votes for the Harvey aid package, and a short term debt limit increase of three months,” Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer and House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi wrote. “We believe this proposal offers a bipartisan path forward to ensure prompt delivery of Harvey aid as well as avoiding a default.” ",1
1875,House Speaker Ryan blasts Democrats' proposal for 3-month debt limit increase,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan on Wednesday blasted a proposal from the top two Democrats in Congress for a three-month increase in the nation’s debt limit. “I think that’s a ridiculous idea,” Ryan told reporters when asked about the proposal floated earlier on Wednesday by Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer and House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi. “We’ve got all this devastation in Texas. We’ve got another unprecedented hurricane about to hit Florida. And they want to play politics with the debt ceiling?” he said. ",1
1876,"McConnell cites critical need for U.S. storm relief, government funding","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said on Wednesday it was critical for Congress to pass disaster relief legislation, prevent a U.S. debt default and keep the federal government open so that help could get to the victims of Hurricanes Harvey and Irma.  “These are the president’s immediate priorities. These are my immediate priorities and they are critically important to establishing credibility and stability as our country continues to recover from one record-setting storm and prepared for yet another,” McConnell said on the Senate floor. ",1
1877,"Trump ends 'Dreamer' immigration program, places onus on Congress","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Tuesday scrapped an Obama-era program that protects from deportation immigrants brought illegally into the United States as children, delaying implementation until March and giving a gridlocked Congress six months to decide the fate of almost 800,000 young people. As the so-called Dreamers who have benefited from the five-year-old program were plunged into uncertainty, business and religious leaders, mayors, governors, Democratic lawmakers, unions, civil liberties advocates and former Democratic President Barack Obama all condemned Trump’s move. The action was announced not by Trump but by Jeff Sessions, his attorney general, who called the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program an unconstitutional overreach by Obama. There will be an “orderly, lawful wind-down,” Sessions said. Trump later issued a written statement saying that “I do not favor punishing children, most of whom are now adults, for the actions of their parents. But we must also recognize that we are (a) nation of opportunity because we are a nation of laws.” He denounced Obama’s program as an “amnesty-first approach” toward illegal immigrants and pressed his nationalist “America First” message, saying that despite concerns voiced by his critics about the fate of the Dreamers, “Above all else, we must remember that young Americans have dreams too.” On Tuesday evening, the Republican president tweeted that lawmakers now had six months to “legalize DACA” and that if they did not, he would “revisit this issue!” Obama issued his own statement calling Trump’s action a political decision, defending DACA’s legality and urging Congress to protect Dreamers. “This is about young people who grew up in America - kids who study in our schools, young adults who are starting careers, patriots who pledge allegiance to our flag. These Dreamers are Americans in their hearts, in their minds, in every single way but one: on paper,” Obama said. The Trump administration said nobody covered by the program, which provided work permits in addition to deportation protection and primarily benefits Hispanics, would be affected before March 5. Most people covered by DACA are in their 20s. Trump shifted responsibility to a Congress controlled by his fellow Republicans and said it was now up to lawmakers to pass immigration legislation that could address the fate of those protected by DACA who would be in danger of deportation. Trump and Sessions offered no details of the type of legislation they would want to see, and Trump’s spokeswoman offered only a broad outline. “I have a love for these people (DACA recipients), and hopefully now Congress will be able to help them and do it properly,” Trump later told reporters at the White House, adding: “I think it’s going to work out very well.”  Since Trump took office in January, Congress has been unable to pass any major legislation, most notably failing on a healthcare overhaul, and lawmakers have been bitterly divided over immigration in the past.  “President Trump’s decision to end DACA is a deeply shameful act of political cowardice and a despicable assault on innocent young people in communities across America,” said Nancy Pelosi, the top Democrat in the House of Representatives. The Democratic attorney general of Massachusetts, Maura Healey, said a coalition of states planned to file suit in the coming days to defend DACA, and one advocacy group announced its own legal action. “This is a sad day for our country,” added Facebook Inc (FB.O) founder Mark Zuckerberg. “The decision to end DACA is not just wrong. It is particularly cruel to offer young people the American Dream, encourage them to come out of the shadows and trust our government, and then punish them for it.”  Brad Smith, president of Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O), urged Congress to “put the humanitarian needs of these 800,000 people on the legislative calendar” before tax-cut legislation sought by Trump. Nearly 800,000 people stepped forward, admitted their illegal immigrant status and provided personal information to the government to apply for the DACA program. They now face the prospect of being deported starting in March. Dreamers are a fraction of the roughly 11 million illegal immigrants in the United States. “The cancellation of the DACA program is reprehensible,” the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops said in a statement. But White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said: “It’s not cold hearted for the president to uphold the law.” Trump said DACA recipients would not be deportation priorities unless they were criminals or gang members. Ending DACA was the latest action by Trump sure to alienate Hispanic Americans, a growing segment of the U.S. population and an increasingly important voting bloc. Most of the immigrants protected by DACA came from Mexico and other Latin American countries. The Mexican government said it “profoundly laments” Trump’s decision to end DACA and pledged to strengthen efforts to guarantee consular protections for affected Mexican citizens. The Homeland Security Department will provide a limited window - until Oct. 5 - for some DACA recipients whose work permits expire before March 5 to apply to renew those permits. In addition, the department will adjudicate any new DACA requests, or renewal requests, accepted as of Tuesday. That would mean that some beneficiaries of DACA could work legally in the country through 2019. The administration said the president’s decision was prompted in part by a threat from several Republican state attorneys general, led by Texas, to file legal challenges in federal court if Trump did not act to end DACA. Late on Tuesday, Texas state Attorney General Ken Paxton said he withdrew the 10-state suit after Trump’s decision. House Speaker Paul Ryan called on lawmakers to find a long-term solution for the young people affected by the reversal of the program. Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said Congress “will continue working on securing our border and ensuring a lawful system of immigration that works.” Republican Senator Lindsey Graham said there could be a winning formula by coupling legislation to provide legal status for Dreamers with additional border security measures, although he said support was lacking in Congress for Trump’s proposed border wall. Trump made a crackdown on illegal immigrants a centerpiece of his 2016 election campaign, promising to deport every illegal immigrant. The decision to end DACA is the latest action by Trump to erase key parts of his Democratic predecessor’s legacy. That includes pulling the United States out of the Paris climate accord, abandoning a 12-nation Pacific trade deal, seeking to dismantle the Obamacare healthcare law, rolling back environmental protections, reversing parts of Obama’s opening to Cuba and removing protections for transgender people.     ",1
1878,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (September 6) - Hurricane, tax cuts","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - Will be going to North Dakota today to discuss tax reform and tax cuts. We are the highest taxed nation in the world - that will change. [0647 EDT] -Watching Hurricane closely. My team, which has done, and is doing, such a good job in Texas, is already in Florida. No rest for the weary! [0651 EDT] -Hurricane looks like largest ever recorded in the Atlantic! [0653 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
1879,'Dreamer' issue adds to packed U.S. congressional agenda,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Congress, back from vacation on Tuesday, already had its plate full with urgent fiscal and disaster relief issues when President Donald Trump saddled it with deciding the fate of people brought illegally to the United States as children. The future of almost 800,000 young “Dreamers,” protected from deportation by the Obama-era Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, now rests with lawmakers who have failed repeatedly to deal effectively with immigration issues. Trump on Tuesday scrapped DACA while giving Congress six months to do something about it. Republican Senator Jeff Flake of Arizona said permanent legislation to fix the immigration system had been Congress’ prerogative all along, and that lawmakers should and could act quickly. “There’s a program, kids are protected by it, they are going to lose that protection if we don’t act,” Flake said. Other critical issues are bearing down on lawmakers. Leading U.S. lawmakers said on Tuesday they were preparing to swiftly approve disaster relief for victims of Hurricane Harvey and two other must-pass priorities: preventing a default on U.S. government debt and avoiding a government shutdown. The House of Representatives was scheduled to consider on Wednesday a first installment of aid for Harvey relief and recovery, about $8 billion, and the Senate’s leadership promised swift action once the House has passed the measure. Senators will then move on to making sure government creditors are paid and avoiding a government shutdown, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told the chamber, outlining the agenda for September. “We have to get all three of these things done and we have to do it very quickly.” Republican conservatives were concerned that the various urgent items would be packaged together and rushed through in a way that would prevent lawmakers from attaching conditions that could restrain or even reform government spending. Representative Mark Walker, leader of a large group of House conservatives, said in an interview with Fox News: “For Republicans, we have to be willing to hold the line when it comes to the out-of-control spending.” The Senate’s No. 2 Republican, John Cornyn, said Republican leaders were preparing to attach a measure raising the U.S. debt ceiling - unpopular with conservatives - to the Harvey aid package when it arrives in the Senate, The Hill reported. Such a combined measure would then have to be sent back to the House for approval. “It’s imperative that we get that (Harvey aid) supplemental passed. And the leader has made the decision to attach the debt limit to that, and I support that,” Cornyn told a group of reporters, according to The Hill. The Trump administration has urged that the two measures be combined. The debt ceiling caps how much money the U.S. government can borrow, and many conservatives in Congress are loath to raise it without spending reforms. Representative Mark Meadows, chairman of the conservative House Freedom Caucus, acknowledged on Tuesday evening that conservatives probably did not have the votes to stop a measure combining Harvey aid with a debt ceiling hike. “It will probably pass, with a majority of Democrats and enough Republicans to get it across the finish line,” Meadows said after a meeting of the caucus. Nonetheless, he said the caucus would propose that a requirement capping government spending as a percentage of gross domestic product be attached to the debt ceiling hike. Congress must raise the debt ceiling by early October to stave off an unprecedented U.S. government debt default, which would shake global markets. Lawmakers also need to approve by late September a government funding bill or the government will have to close on Oct. 1. ",1
1880,"Factbox: U.S. Congress aims to tackle debt limit, hurricane aid, fund government","(Reuters) - Financial markets have fretted about the fiscal situation in Washington, with deadlines looming in late September and early October to keep the U.S. government open and raise the debt ceiling. As Congress returned on Tuesday, aiding those affected by Hurricane Harvey and responding to President Donald Trump’s decision to scrap a program shielding immigrants brought to the U.S. illegally as children from deportation added to their already-packed agenda. Here is what you need to know about fiscal and other politically connected issues in play this month: The “debt ceiling” is a legal cap on how much money the U.S. government can borrow through bonds and other debt issued by the U.S. Treasury. It now stands at about $19.8 trillion, very close to the actual national debt.  Once the ceiling is hit, Congress must raise it. If it does not, the government cannot keep borrowing. This matters because the government spends more than it collects in taxes and Washington continually borrows money to cover its bills. Legislation to raise the debt limit will need to be adopted by early October at the very latest. The Treasury, however, has said that Congress must increase the debt ceiling by Sept. 29. Since March, the Treasury has been using “extraordinary measures” to stave off hitting the ceiling and likely could be stave off default a few more weeks by using such extraordinary measures, analysts have said.  If the debt ceiling is not raised and the government can no longer pay its bills, default would result, along with a likely downgrade in the U.S. credit rating. This has never happened before, but there have been some close calls. A standoff in August 2011 cost the country its top-notch bond rating from the credit ratings agency Standard & Poor’s and caused the most jarring two weeks in financial markets since the 2007-2009 global financial crisis. Congress is supposed to pass annual spending bills around the end of the federal fiscal year on Sept. 30 to fund most of the U.S. government, but disagreements often prevent this. When that happens, lawmakers usually pass a temporary bill extending current spending levels with no changes for a short period. It is expected this will happen again at the end of this month, likely extending current funding levels into December. Congress returned from its long summer recess having only about 12 working days to pass a spending measure, probably a short-term patch, known as a continuing resolution, to keep the government open. If even a short-term patch cannot be agreed upon in Congress, or if the president decides to veto either a long-term or short-term spending measure, the government would shut down. The last time the government shut down was in October 2013 for about two weeks. In the 1990s, 1980s and 1970s, there were 17 shutdowns. Shutdowns hurt federal workers, rattle markets and shake confidence in the United States abroad, but they have done little lasting economic damage. The two move on separate tracks but could get tangled together as some analysts have said that Congress may try to tackle both issues at the same time, perhaps in a single piece of legislation. Passing an initial tranche of federal aid, expected to be about $8 billion, for individuals affected by Hurricane Harvey now tops the congressional agenda.  Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said on Tuesday that raising the debt ceiling, keeping the government open and passing an assistance package for Harvey victims were three “critically important things” that Congress needed to get done quickly.  There has been some speculation that Harvey aid could be tied to a short-term continuing resolution or a measure raising the debt ceiling, or that all three could be linked in some way. Separate from Harvey assistance is the National Flood Insurance Program, operated by the Federal Emergency Management Agency, which expires on Sept. 30.  The program provides insurance policies for homeowners that cover up to $350,000 in damages. Congressional disagreements over changes to the program, which operates in debt to the Treasury, have complicated plans to restructure the program in the past. It is not yet clear how Harvey, which will generate additional claims made to the cash-strapped program, will affect the timing and scope of its renewal. Trump on Tuesday scrapped an Obama-era program known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, DACA, that protects from deportation those who were brought illegally to the U.S. when they were children.  Trump has delayed implementation of his decision for six months, saying it would give Congress time to figure out a legislative fix that would affect almost 800,000 young people who participate in the program, known as Dreamers. It is not yet clear whether Congress will work to quickly pass a measure affecting the Dreamers or pursue a larger-scale overhaul of the immigration system. The chances that the Republican-led Congress will continue making a priority of repealing and replacing former President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law are slim after previous efforts ended in defeat. But important Obamacare-related deadlines loom. The Trump administration has been making Obamacare payments to insurers that reduce out-of-pocket costs for lower-income Americans on a month-to-month basis and must decide before the end of September whether to make October’s payment. If it does not, Congress could step in to approve the payments with additional legislation. Related to but not a part of Obamacare is the Children’s Health Insurance Program, CHIP, a federal insurance program for millions of lower-income children and pregnant women that requires congressional reauthorization by Sept. 30. CHIP reauthorization is not typically contentious as the program receives bipartisan support. But lobbyists and industry officials have said any healthcare-related legislation has become more complicated in the wake of the Obamacare repeal-and-replace failure. Trump kicked off the new legislative session’s tax reform effort on Tuesday by inviting key Republican leaders to the White House. An outline of the plan being developed could come as early as the week of Sept. 11. Senate Republicans want to use a special process known as budget reconciliation to pass tax reform, because then they would only have to find a simple majority of 51 senators to pass it instead of the 60 votes that typically required in the 100-seat Senate, where Republicans hold 52 seats.  But to use this process, Republicans will first have to pass a 2018 budget resolution, which they so far have been unable to do.  ",1
1881,U.S. appeals court says Texas can implement voter ID law,"(Reuters) - The state of Texas won at least a temporary victory on Tuesday in its bid to implement a controversial voter identification law when a federal appeals court stayed a ruling by a U.S. district court judge that barred its enforcement. A three-member panel of the U.S. 5th Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans voted 2-1 to put the lower court judge’s ruling on hold while it considers the constitutionality of the law, which was passed this year by the state’s Republican-controlled legislature. That bill was meant to fix elements of a 2011 voter ID measure that was considered one of the strictest in the United States and subject to years of court challenges during the Obama administration. President Donald Trump, who campaigned on cutting voter fraud, has supported Texas’ bid to require that voters show a form of identification. “The state has made a strong showing that it is likely to succeed on the merits (of the case)” Judges Jennifer Elrod and Jerry Smith wrote in a six-page ruling.  In a four-page dissenting opinion, Judge James Graves wrote that if the 5th Circuit was going to take up the case, it should have stayed the entire law from taking effect until a final ruling was issued. Lauren Ehrsam, a spokeswoman for the U.S. Department of Justice, said in a written statement “We are pleased that the Fifth Circuit has stayed the injunction and allowed Texas to proceed with its duly enacted voter identification laws.” “Preserving the integrity of the ballot is vital to our democracy, and the Fifth Circuit’s order allows Texas to continue to fulfill that duty as this case moves forward,” Ehrsam said. Texas Democratic Party Chairman Gilberto Hinojosa could not be reached for comment on the ruling on Tuesday evening. Hiojosa has previously likened the voter ID requirements to “Jim Crow-era tactics” designed to keep Republican lawmakers in power.Critics say the Texas law and similar statutes enacted in other states were tailored to make it harder for minorities and immigrants, including black and Hispanic voters who are less likely to have the authorized IDs and tend to favor Democrats, to cast ballots. Backers say the laws are necessary to prevent voter fraud and are no more onerous than the requirements imposed by states for driving a motor vehicle. ",1
1882,"Mexico, El Salvador, Guatemala urge protections for U.S. 'Dreamers'","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico and Central American countries they will lobby U.S. lawmakers to protect young illegal immigrants who saw their lives thrown into limbo on Tuesday after U.S. President Donald Trump said he would end a program that shields them from deportation.  Trump announced plans to halt the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program that has protected from deportation nearly 800,000 young men and women who entered the United States illegally as children. Mexico’s deputy foreign minister, Carlos Sada, said Trump’s decision created “anxiety, anguish and fear” for the roughly 625,000 Mexican nationals protected under the program. “They are exceptional. ... This is as emotional for the United States as for Mexico,” Sada said at a news conference immediately following the announcement to end the program.  He said his government would press U.S. lawmakers for a quick solution to the uncertainty that “Dreamers,” as they are commonly called, now face in their adopted home. Immigrants who opt to return to Mexico will be welcomed with “open arms,” Sada said, offering them assistance with work, finances and education. The announcement to end DACA, created by former President Barack Obama in a 2012 executive order, came during the final day of talks in the Mexican capital to modernize the North American Free Trade Agreement, adding pressure to already tense conversations between Mexico and the United States. El Salvador’s foreign relations minister, Hugo Martinez, said he would meet with U.S. Congress members to find a solution within the next six months, before DACA’s provisions are set to end, aiming to protect the 30,000 to 60,000 Salvadorans who could be affected. “It’s a worrisome situation. ... We will be lobbying to have legislation as soon as possible that opens a way out,” Martinez said. Guatemala’s foreign relations ministry said in a statement that it is counting on the “humanitarian sensibilities” of U.S. lawmakers to ensure thousands of Guatemalans are not forced to leave the country where many grew up. Honduras said in a statement that it would push U.S. Congress to reconsider Trump’s move, and offer consular support for more than 18,500 Hondurans protected by DACA. The director of a Honduras migrant aid center, the Center for Attention for Honduran Migrants, called the U.S. decision “very sad,” and said young Hondurans forced to return home could face violence from gangs and drug traffickers. “Their lives will be much more difficult and put at enormous risk,” said Valdette Willeman, the center’s director. (For graphic on Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, click tmsnrt.rs/2wC83sF) ",1
1883,U.S. to unveil revised self-driving car guidelines: sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s administration is set to unveil revised self-driving vehicle guidelines next week in Michigan, responding to automakers’ calls for elimination of legal barriers to putting autonomous vehicles on the road, sources briefed on the matter said on Tuesday. U.S. Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao was expected to unveil the revised guidelines next Tuesday at a self-driving vehicle testing facility in Ann Arbor, Michigan, four people briefed on the matter said. A spokesman for Chao did not immediately comment. The White House Office of Management and Budget approved the undisclosed Transportation Department changes to the guidelines on Aug. 31, according a posting on a government website. On Wednesday, the U.S. House of Representatives will vote on a sweeping proposal to speed deployment of self-driving cars without human controls and bar states from blocking autonomous vehicles. The measure could help many automakers and tech companies keep their pledges of getting self-driving cars on the market by 2020 or 2021. The House will vote on the bill under fast-track rules that allow no amendments. A bipartisan group of U.S. senators working on similar legislation has not introduced a bill. The bill, passed unanimously by a House panel in July, would allow automakers to obtain exemptions to deploy up to 25,000 vehicles without meeting existing auto safety standards in the first year. Over three years, the cap would rise to 100,000 vehicles annually. The House measure would require automakers to provide regulators with safety assessment reports proposed in the 2016 self-driving guidelines, but would not require pre-market approval of advanced vehicle technologies. Consumer advocates have called for giving the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration quicker access to crash data and more funding to oversee self-driving cars. Automakers and technology companies, including General Motors Coand Alphabet Inc’s self-driving unit Waymo, have sought easier federal rules for self-driving technology, while some consumer groups have pushed for more safeguards. The Obama administration issued guidelines for self-driving cars in September 2016, calling on automakers to voluntarily submit details of self-driving vehicle systems in a 15-point “safety assessment” and urging states to defer to the federal government on most vehicle regulations. Automakers raised numerous concerns about the Obama administration guidance, including the suggestion that automakers should submit systems to regulators for review before putting them on the market.  Companies including Waymo, GM, Ford Motor Co, Uber Technologies Inc, Tesla Inc and others are aggressively pursuing automated vehicle technologies. ",1
1884,EPA workforce shrinking to Reagan-era levels -agency official," WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The workforce at the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is on course to fall to its lowest level since Ronald Reagan was president, an agency official said on Tuesday.  In June, the EPA unveiled a buyout program that would contribute to the biggest cuts of any federal agency in President Donald Trump’s 2018 budget proposal. The EPA employs about 15,000 people.  After buyouts and retirements, that number could drop to 14,428 by October, the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said in an email.  That would be below the fiscal 1988 level, when EPA staffing was 14,440, the official noted. A further 2,998 employees, or just over 20 percent of the total, are eligible to retire now, the official said.  In an April spending bill, the Republican-controlled Congress set a cap for EPA staffing at 15,000 employees for fiscal year 2017, rejecting proposed increases by the previous administration of Democratic President Barack Obama.  EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt said the reductions were “giving long-serving, hard-working employees the opportunity to retire early.  “We’re proud to report that we’re reducing the size of government, protecting taxpayer dollars and staying true to our core mission of protecting the environment and American jobs,” he said in a separate statement.  Pruitt has rolled back a slew of Obama-era regulations limiting carbon dioxide emissions from fossil fuels.  He was also instrumental in convincing Trump to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord - a global pact to stem planetary warming through emissions cuts.  While acknowledging the planet is warming, Pruitt has questioned the gravity of the problem and the need for regulations that require companies to take costly measures to reduce their carbon footprint.  Before becoming head of the EPA, he was Oklahoma’s attorney general and repeatedly sued the agency he now runs to block federal environmental rules.",1
1885,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (September 5) - DACA, Japan, South Korea","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - Congress, get ready to do your job - DACA! [0804 EDT] -I am allowing Japan & South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States. [0836 EDT]  - I look forward to working w/ D’s + R’s in Congress to address immigration reform in a way that puts hardworking citizens of our country 1st. [1645 EDT]  - Congress now has 6 months to legalize DACA (something the Obama Administration was unable to do). If they can’t, I will revisit this issue! [2038 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
1886,U.S. House panel issues subpoenas to Justice Department over Trump dossier: Democrat,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House Intelligence Committee has issued subpoenas to the Justice Department and FBI for documents related to a dossier that alleged Russia collected compromising material on Donald Trump, the panel’s top Democrat said on Tuesday. Representative Adam Schiff told MSNBC in an interview that he and other Democrats on the committee objected to the subpoenas, which he said Republicans issued in an attempt to discredit its author, former British intelligence officer Christopher Steele.  Republicans have said it is important to understand the genesis of the dossier and whether it was created to sabotage Trump during his successful campaign for president.  The dossier was funded by a group that conducted political opposition research on Trump during the 2016 campaign and included wide-ranging allegations about Trump, his associates and his finances. The House intelligence panel is conducting one of several congressional probes into alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election, including potential collusion between the Trump campaign and Moscow. Russia denies meddling in the election and Trump denies any collusion. ",1
1887,"In North Dakota, Trump finds Democrat willing to explore tax plan","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump has found at least one Democrat willing to entertain his tax reform pitch: Senator Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, who plans to travel with him on Air Force One on Wednesday to a tax event in her home state. Trump is trying to persuade Democrats to support his push to cut tax rates and simplify the tax code this year, a plan critical to bolstering Republicans heading into 2018 midterm elections, but which so far has included few details. The White House plans to put Trump out on the road on a near-weekly basis this fall to sell his plan, which faces huge obstacles in Congress. Republicans control Congress but have so far been unable to pass Trump’s top legislative priorities. He has appealed to Democrats to help, but lawmakers from the party are furious about his recent comments about white supremacists and his move on Tuesday to end a program that gave work permits to some immigrants brought illegally into the United States as children. Last week, Trump made his first major tax reform speech in Missouri, urging voters to reject that state’s Democratic U.S. senator, Claire McCaskill, in the 2018 midterm elections unless she supports tax reform. Similarly, Wednesday’s speech is aimed in part at Heitkamp, a Democrat up for re-election in a Republican stronghold, who has been willing to buck her party in the past. “Both of the Reagan tax cuts were passed by a Democratic majority in the House (of Representatives), a Democratic speaker, and the vast majority of Democrats in the Senate, including a Democratic senator from the great state of North Dakota,” Trump will say, according to excerpts released by the White House. On Friday, Heitkamp said both parties need to work together on tax reform, which she views as critical for businesses and families in her state. “I hope President Trump uses this visit to address the kitchen-table issues that keep the North Dakotans I’ve met with across the state this past month up at night,” Heitkamp said in a statement. Trump’s political push on tax reform will get an assist from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce lobbying group, which is set to begin a multimillion-dollar, multi-state campaign in New York on Thursday, a Republican familiar with the plan said, speaking on condition of anonymity. The campaign will be aimed at Republican members of Congress and some members of the conservative Freedom Caucus. “It talks about the need for a sense of urgency, the need to change tax loopholes, the need for family tax relief, and it’s got to happen now,” the official said. ",1
1888,"U.S. states, immigrant groups to fight Trump's Dreamer decision","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Several U.S. states and immigrant advocacy groups vowed on Tuesday to fight President Donald Trump’s decision to end a program that protects people brought illegally to the United States as children from deportation. But legal experts said the challenges will face an uphill battle. Democratic state attorneys general in California, New York, Washington and Massachusetts said they will sue to defend the Obama-era policy known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, and the immigrants known as Dreamers. “We are going to court to defend DACA and to fight for these Dreamers,” said Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healy. The states have not said what their legal claims will be.     The Trump administration on Tuesday announced it would phase out the program but urged Congress to enact immigration reform if it wants to protect DACA recipients. [nL2N1LM0HT] Whatever lawsuit the Democratic states file, winning will not be easy, said Jonathan Adler, a law professor at Case Western Reserve University College of Law. “DACA did not create any legally enforceable rights, and certainly did not create any right to indefinite presence in the country,” he said. One immigrant group, the National Immigration Law Center, has already filed court papers seeking to block the Trump administration’s action by amending an existing lawsuit pending in New York. The case was filed last year on behalf of DACA recipient Martin Batalla Vidal, an immigrant from Mexico who came to the United States when he was 7. It originally contested a ruling enjoining a program of former President Barack Obama that offered protection to undocumented parents of U.S. citizen children.  In the new filing, Vidal’s lawyers outlined a two-prong challenge to Trump’s DACA action. One claim was that the move violated the federal Administrative Procedure Act, a law requiring government agencies to follow set processes when making major policy changes. Batalla Vidal’s lawyers said Trump’s announcement was an “abrupt policy shift” affecting nearly 800,000 program participants who had assumed the protections would remain in place.  Trump promised during his presidential campaign to dismantle DACA but since taking office in January has taken a softer tone. The lawyers noted that he told DACA recipients he would “take care” of them. The filing also asserts that the new policy is discriminatory and was “substantially motivated by the animus of the president and his administration toward Latinos and Mexicans.”  Stephen Yale-Loehr, an immigration law professor at Cornell Law School, said any litigation against Trump’s action will face multiple obstacles. Among them is the fact that courts are “generally more deferential to immigration actions by the executive branch than in other areas, because immigration touches on sovereignty and national security,” he added. ",1
1889,U.S. House approves bill to preserve insurance expert on regulatory panel,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives easily approved legislation on Tuesday that would ensure a key regulatory panel would be able to retain expertise on the insurance industry. By a vote of 407 to 1, lawmakers approved a bill that would guarantee the Financial Stability Oversight Council is not forced to remove its current insurance expert when his term expires, even though no replacement has been named. The bill would address what appears to be a technical oversight of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform law. That law, which created the FSOC, failed to include language that would allow the panel’s insurance expert to remain on the council for 18 more months, or until a replacement is named. As the law currently stands, the FSOC’s current insurance expert, S. Roy Woodall, would be forced to vacate that seat on Sept. 27, when his six-year term expires. Debate over altering the 2010 law has been intensely partisan in the U.S. Congress, and Tuesday’s bill appears to be one of just a handful of changes that could be made to the law since it was enacted. The FSOC is charged with monitoring the largest and most significant financial institutions, and has identified a handful of insurance companies as meriting stricter oversight as “systemically significant” firms. Woodall is the only member with primarily insurance expertise on the panel. The House Financial Services Committee unanimously passed the bill in July, and the Senate Banking Committee will take up a similar measure on Thursday. “This bill protects against an unintended vacancy of the independent member with insurance expertise by providing a contingency plan that is comparable to what is already in place for most of the other voting members of FSOC,” said Dirk Kempthorne, president and chief executive of the American Council of Life Insurers, an industry group. Also on Tuesday, the House approved a bill that alters existing Securities and Exchange Commission rules, in a bid to grant more access to smaller companies seeking to raise capital under a relaxed regulatory framework. That measure, the Improving Access to Capital Act, had also been passed by the House in 2015 but never became law. ",1
1890,Trump's trade adviser says hopes to reach trade deal with South Korea,"WASHINGTON/MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s top trade adviser expressed optimism on Tuesday about reaching agreement on a revised free trade pact with South Korea, days after Trump suggested scrapping the deal with a key American ally. Senior U.S. lawmakers and America’s biggest business lobby urged Trump not to pull out of the five-year-old U.S.-South Korea Free Trade Agreement (KORUS), especially at a time of heightened tensions over North Korea’s nuclear missile tests. U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, speaking in Mexico City after a second round of NAFTA talks with Canada and Mexico, said negotiations with Seoul were continuing. “We have a negotiation we’re in,” Lighthizer told reporters when asked whether KORUS would be terminated. “My hope is that we’ll have a successful discussion with the Koreans as things proceed and that the problems with that agreement from our perspective will be worked out.” Trump said on Saturday he would discuss KORUS’s fate with advisers this week, prompting widespread concern among lawmakers and the business community. The chairmen and senior Democrats on the House of Representatives Ways and Means Committee and the Senate Finance Committee said in a statement on Tuesday that North Korea’s sixth and largest nuclear bomb test on Sunday “underscores the vital importance of the strong alliance between the United States and South Korea.” The statement by House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady, senior Democrat Richard Neal and Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch and senior Democrat Ron Wyden said talks to improve South Korea’s implementation and compliance with the trade agreement were welcome. But it said the agreement itself was central to the U.S.-South Korean alliance. In a separate letter to Trump, Senator Joni Ernest, a Republican from Iowa in the U.S. corn belt, said the South Korean market was especially important for U.S. beef, corn and pork producers. “Terminating KORUS would leave our farmers at a competitive disadvantage to those in other countries that enjoy preferential trade access to Korea,” Ernst wrote. In a strongly worded statement the president of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, which represents more than 3 million businesses, also opposed any “rash and irresponsible” withdrawal. “We do not believe this move would create a single American job — but it would cost many,” said Tom Donohue, who warned that it would damage relations between the White House and business community. “Ironically, states across mid-America that voted for the president would take the hit from withdrawal as their agricultural and manufactured goods exports fell in the wake of such a move,” Donohue said. ",1
1891,Trump says he has 'great heart' for immigrant 'Dreamers',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Tuesday he has “great heart” for illegal immigrants brought to the United States as children and he wants Congress to produce a legislative solution for them. “I have a great heart for the folks we’re talking about, a great love for them,” Trump said after his administration announced earlier Tuesday it was phasing out a program that protects the so-called Dreamers from deportation. “I can tell you in speaking to members of Congress they want to be able to do something and do it right and really we have no choice,” Trump told reporters. ",1
1892,Factbox: Trump plan to dismantle 'Dreamer' program draws strong responses,"(Reuters) - The Trump administration drew vigorous responses to its announcement on Tuesday it would be ending an Obama-era program that allows children to stay in the United States who entered the country illegally.  Business executives, politicians and rights groups were outspoken in their reactions to the plan to dismantle the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA), whose beneficiaries were known as Dreamers. “Kicking them out won’t lower the unemployment rate or lighten anyone’s taxes or raise anybody’s wages ... Ultimately, this is about basic decency. This is about whether we are a people who kick hopeful young strivers out of America or whether we treat them the way we’d want our own kids to be treated.  It’s about who we are as a people – and who we want to be.” - Former President Barack Obama in a statement  * “Today is a cruel day for Dreamers, our families, and all Americans ... President Trump just threw the lives and futures of 800,000 Dreamers and their families, including my own, into fearful disarray, and injected chaos and uncertainty into thousands of workplaces and communities across America. He is using the lives of 800,000 people as pawns.” - Lorella Praeli, director of immigration policy for the American Civil Liberties Union * “It is my hope that the House and Senate, with the president’s leadership, will be able to find consensus on a permanent legislative solution that includes ensuring that those who have done nothing wrong can still contribute as a valued part of this great country.” - Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan in a statement * “This is a sad day for our country. The decision to end DACA is not just wrong. It is particularly cruel to offer young people the American Dream, encourage them to come out of the shadows and trust our government, and then punish them for it ... It’s time for Congress to act to pass the bipartisan Dream Act or another legislative solution that gives Dreamers a pathway to citizenship.” - Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg in a Facebook post * “President Obama wrongly believed he had the authority to re-write our immigration law. Today’s action by President Trump corrects that fundamental mistake. This Congress will continue working on securing our border and ensuring a lawful system of immigration that works.” - Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell * “I applaud President Trump for phasing out DACA ... The Obama-era program went far beyond the executive branch’s legitimate authority ... President (Barack) Obama unilaterally conferred lawful presence and work authorization, and then President Obama used that lawful-presence dispensation to unilaterally confer U.S. citizenship.” - Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton * “Let’s lay the truth bare: President Trump has knowingly deceived the American people over the past seven months about his intentions to protect the innocent young men and women of the DACA program ... Now they will be awake at night wondering whether tomorrow will be their last day on American soil.” - Javier Palomarez, president of the U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, in a statement also announcing his resignation from Trump’s diversity council * “When people come here to learn, work hard and give back to their communities, we should allow them to stay in the United States.” JPMorgan Chase & Co chief executive Jamie Dimon, chairman of the Business Roundtable, a group of CEOs of the nation’s largest companies * “DACA was an unconstitutional overreach by the Obama administration that created incentives for children from Central America to take great risks to enter America illegally. The president has given Congress six months to get our act together and fix our broken legal immigration system, end incentives for illegal entry, lawfully protect the Dreamers, and secure our borders.” - Republican Senator Ron Johnson, chairman of the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee * “In our view, DACA was an unconstitutional abuse of executive authority by President Obama ... Congress should seize this opportunity to come together and forge these much-needed reforms in our nation’s immigration policy.” - Statement from the Federation for American Immigration Reform * “We say this even though Microsoft ... cares greatly about modernizing the tax system and making it fairer and more competitive. But we need to put the humanitarian needs of these 800,000 people on the legislative calendar before a tax bill.” - Microsoft president Brad Smith in a statement, adding that Microsoft has at least 39 Dreamers and will pay for their legal counsel in fighting to stay in the United States ",1
1893,"Obama says Trump immigration move 'cruel,' not 'required legally'","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former President Barack Obama said on Tuesday the Trump administration’s decision to rescind a program Obama instituted to protect from deportation illegal immigrants who were brought to the United States as children was “cruel,” “self-defeating” and “wrong.” “Let’s be clear: the action taken today isn’t required legally,” Obama said in a post on Facebook. “It’s a political decision, and a moral question.” “Whatever concerns or complaints Americans may have about immigration in general, we shouldn’t threaten the future of this group of young people who are here through no fault of their own, who pose no threat, who are not taking away anything from the rest of us,” he wrote. ",1
1894,Former Wisconsin sheriff joins pro-Trump super PAC,"(Reuters) - Former Wisconsin sheriff David Clarke, an African-American who criticized the Black Lives Mater movement and was previously under consideration for a position with the Trump administration, has joined a super political action committee that backs the president, officials said on Tuesday. Clarke, 61, will serve as spokesman and senior advisor for America First Action, his office and the political action committee said in two separate statements. “I will help make sure we elect the candidates who will do what they promise in support of President Trump’s agenda,” Clarke said in a statement from his office.  “Just as important, I will see to it that the will of the American people is not derailed by the left or the self-serving Washington establishment,” he added. Clarke, who spoke at the Republican National Convention last summer and campaigned for then-presidential candidate Donald Trump, resigned his job on Thursday and said he would announce his plans this week. The 38-year law enforcement veteran was appointed Milwaukee County sheriff in 2002 and re-elected several times. Although he ran as a Democrat, he moved steadily to the right. “David Clarke is an American patriot, and we are very proud to welcome him,” America First Action President Brian Walsh said in the political action committee’s statement.     Clarke has become one of the most polarizing critics of the Black Lives Matter movement, which grew out of protests against police killings of unarmed black men.     Clarke said in May he was taking a job as assistant secretary in the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, but the following month media reported he had withdrawn his acceptance of the job. ",1
1895,Trump has talked to top lawmakers about immigration reform: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump has spoken to congressional leaders about immigration reform and is confident that Congress will take action to deal with the status of illegal immigrants who have grown up in the United States, the White House said on Tuesday. “We have confidence that Congress is going to step up and do their job,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told a briefing shortly after the administration scrapped a program that protected from deportation some 800,000 young people who grew up in the United States. “This is something that needs to be fixed legislatively and we have confidence that they’re going to do that,” Sanders said, adding that Trump was willing to work with lawmakers on immigration reform, which she said should include several “big fixes,” not just one tweak to the system. ",1
1896,How the Trump administration will wind down protections for 'Dreamers',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration said on Tuesday it will end a program that shielded young undocumented immigrants from deportation, called Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA. But the administration is phasing the program out instead of ending it immediately. Here are the details on how the wind-down will happen. -Immigrants who have current DACA status can remain on the program until their two-year work permits expire. -Those whose work permits expire before March 5, 2018 can apply to renew those permits for another two years, but they must apply to do so before Oct. 5. -In addition, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) will consider any pending initial or renewal applications received by Sept. 5. As of Aug. 20, nearly 35,000 new DACA applications and nearly 72,000 renewal requests were pending at USCIS. -USCIS will reject all DACA renewal requests filed after Oct. 5. -The structure of the phase-out means that hundreds of thousands of DACA recipients will continue to be able to work in the United States legally through 2019. -Pro-immigrant advocates had raised concerns that immigration enforcement agencies will use the data the immigrants provided to target them for deportation. Officials said on Tuesday that USCIS will not “proactively” provide a DACA recipient’s information to law enforcement agencies, unless the individual presents a national security or public safety risk. -Nearly 202,000 DACA recipients’ work permits have expired or will expire between August and December, and more than 275,000 will expire in 2018, according to DHS officials. The administration did not immediately have figures on how many DACA recipients will see their work authorizations expire between now and March. ",1
1897,"Trump defends DACA move, urges Congress to enact immigration law","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump defended his decision to rescind a program for immigrant children brought into the United States illegally as necessary to safeguard the rule of law in the country.    “I do not favor punishing children, most of whom are now adults, for the actions of their parents. But we must also recognize that we are nation of opportunity because we are a nation of laws,” Trump said in a statement. Trump said former President Barack Obama bypassed Congress to set up the DACA program in 2012. “There can be no path to principled immigration reform if the executive branch is able to rewrite or nullify federal laws at will.”    ",1
1898,Microsoft president urges Congress: put Dreamers before tax reform,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The president of Microsoft Corp expressed deep disappointment on Tuesday with President Donald Trump’s decision to rescind a program for immigrants brought into the United States illegally as children and urged Congress to protect these so-called Dreamers before embarking on tax reform legislation.  “We say this even though Microsoft, like many other companies, cares greatly about modernizing the tax system and making it fairer and more competitive. But we need to put the humanitarian needs of these 800,000 people on the legislative calendar before a tax bill,” President Brad Smith said in a statement.  “As an employer, we appreciate that Dreamers add to the competitiveness and economic success of our company and the entire nation’s business community. In short, urgent DACA legislation is both an economic imperative and a humanitarian necessity.”  ",1
1899,Trump administration outlines how it will wind down 'Dreamer' program,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration outlined on Tuesday how it will dismantle a program that shielded from deportation undocumented immigrants who came to the United States as children and allowed them to work in the country. The winding-down of the program was announced by Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who said that Congress would have six months to decide on an alternative. Acting Secretary of Homeland Security Elaine Duke issued a memo that rescinded a 2012 DHS memo that established the program, known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA. The DHS will provide a limited window for some DACA recipients whose work permits expire before March 5, 2018 to apply to renew those permits. Such individuals must apply for renewal before Oct. 5, administration officials said in a briefing call with reporters. Former DACA recipients whose work permits expire will be considered to be in the United States without permission and are eligible for removal, but they will be a low priority for immigration enforcement, the officials said.  ",1
1900,House panel to consider measure seeking Comey firing documents,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A House of Representatives committee said on Tuesday it will consider this week a resolution asking President Donald Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions to provide documents related to Trump’s firing of James Comey as FBI director. The House Judiciary Committee said it would consider the resolution of inquiry asking Trump to provide the documents to the House and directing Sessions to do so on Thursday. Trump fired Comey, who was overseeing the investigation of ties between his campaign and Russia, on May 9. Moscow has denied any effort to influence the 2016 U.S. election, and Trump has disputed any allegations of collusion between his associates and Russia. ",1
1901,Trump tells Congress: 'Get ready to do your job - DACA!',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump had a message for lawmakers returning to Washington after the August recess on Tuesday, when he was expected to rescind an immigration program that shielded from deportation some immigrants who came to the United States illegally as children. “Congress, get ready to do your job - DACA!” the Republican president said in a Twitter post, referring to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals. Trump’s move would throw their fate to Congress, which would have six months to find a fix.  ",1
1902,Texas moves toward post-Harvey recovery; gas prices slip,"HOUSTON (Reuters) - Texas on Monday edged toward recovery from the devastation of Hurricane Harvey as shipping channels, oil pipelines and refineries restarted some operations and authorities lifted an evacuation order for the area around a once-burning chemical plant. Port operations across the U.S. Gulf Coast oil and gas hub were resuming, although many still had restrictions on vessel draft, according to U.S. Coast Guard updates. U.S. gasoline prices fell in expectation that the area can get back on its feet after Harvey cut a path of destruction across more than 300 miles (480 km). The storm’s record rains and flooding killed as many as 60 people, according to local officials, and displaced  more than 1 million. Benchmark U.S. gasoline futures fell by more than 3 percent on Monday. The Coast Guard allowed some barge traffic to enter Port Arthur, Texas, home of the country’s largest oil refinery, and is considering allowing ships to enter on Tuesday, a spokesman said. Flooding from Harvey caused fires at the Arkema SA chemical plant in Crosby, some 25 miles (40 km) northeast of Houston.  But on Monday, the company said the Crosby Fire Department had lifted a 1.5-mile (2.4-km) evacuation zone around the plant, allowing people to return to their homes. The lifting of the order may help residents like Paul Mincey, a 31-year-old tugboat engineer who has been kept out of the ranch home he shares with his girlfriend, return to normal. “It could be full of snakes for all we know. We have no idea what’s in there,” Mincey said from aboard a tugboat in the Houston Ship Channel, which he said was polluted by floating railroad ties, trees and trash strewn by the storm. Like others forced from the evacuation zone, Mincey said he was eager to assess water damage and begin repairs while hoping for financial aid to deal with property damage. (To view a graphic on Harvey's energy impact, click tmsnrt.rs/2xzso1S) As the recovery from Harvey picked up speed, Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello declared a state of emergency and activated the National Guard in preparation Irma, a dangerous Category 4 hurricane closing in on a string of Caribbean islands.  Irma could pummel the U.S. territory on Wednesday and it also poses a threat later in the week to the Dominican Republic, Cuba and Florida, which declared a state of emergency on Monday evening. The U.S. National Hurricane Center cautioned that it was too early to forecast the storm’s exact path or what effect it might have on the U.S. mainland. But some weather models show Irma entering the Gulf of Mexico, where Harvey dealt a major blow to the most important energy hub in the United States, taking up to one-fourth of the country’s oil refining capacity offline and driving up fuel prices. Colonial Pipeline Co on Monday said it restarted one of its fuel lines shut because of Hurricane Harvey, with another line scheduled to restart on Tuesday.  Colonial is the biggest U.S. fuel system, with pipelines that connect refineries along the U.S. Gulf Coast to markets in the Northeast, transporting more than 3 million barrels a day of gasoline, diesel and jet fuel. With more pipelines coming on line, concerns about supply should ease. Most ports in Texas were open on Monday, some with restrictions on traffic and vessel size, said Colonel Lars Zetterstrom, head of the Army Corps of Engineers’ regional office in Galveston. (To view a graphic on storms in the North Atlantic, click tmsnrt.rs/2gcckz5) The question of how to pay for hurricane recovery was consuming Washington after Texas Governor Greg Abbott on Sunday increased his damage estimate to between $150 billion and $180 billion. Abbott on Monday requested seven additional Texas counties be added to the Federal Disaster Declaration previously granted by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). That would bring the total number of counties receiving assistance to 43.      Some 190,000 homes were damaged and another 13,500 destroyed, the Texas Department of Public Safety said. At least 33,000 people sought refuge in Texas shelters overnight, with another 1,300 doing so in Louisiana, the American Red Cross said. Republicans and Democrats returning to Washington after a month-long break will need to put differences aside in order to approve an aid package. U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin on Sunday challenged Congress to raise the government’s debt limit in order to free up relief spending. The U.S. House of Representatives will vote Wednesday on $7.85 billion in emergency relief funds for the FEMA and the Small Business Administration and plans another vote later this month on a separate $6.7 billion sought by President Donald Trump. In one indication of funding needs, the Texas Department of Public Safety on Monday estimated damage to public property at $382.3 million. (To view a graphic on Hurricane costs, click tmsnrt.rs/2vGkbHS) ",1
1903,New York vows to sue Trump over immigrant children protections,"(Reuters) - New York and Washington state on Monday vowed to sue President Donald Trump if he scraps a program shielding from deportation immigrants who came to the United States illegally as children. The Trump administration is expected to announce on Tuesday that he will end the so-called Dreamers program but give the U.S. Congress six months to craft legislation to replace it, according to sources familiar with the situation. [nL2N1LL01P] U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions will announce plans for ending the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, program at 11 a.m. (1500 GMT) on Tuesday, but will not take questions, the Justice Department said on Monday. New York Governor Andrew Cuomo, in a joint statement with the state’s attorney general, Eric Schneiderman, said, “The president’s action would upend the lives of hundreds of thousands of young people who have only ever called America their home.” The attorney general of Washington state, Bob Ferguson, also threatened legal action. “I will use all the legal tools at my disposal to defend the thousands of Dreamers in Washington state,” he said in a statement. Ferguson and Schneiderman were among 20 attorneys general who wrote to Trump in July to say that if he ended the program, they would defend it “by all appropriate means.” Nine Republican state attorneys general have said they would file suit on Tuesday if Trump did not end the program. The White House declined to comment on Monday. DACA is a policy created by former President Barack Obama that protects nearly 800,000 young people, often called “Dreamers,” from deportation and allows them to work legally. Under the shift Trump is considering, any Dreamer with a valid work permit would be able to remain in the United States until the permit expires, in the absence of congressional action, sources familiar with the matter said. At the same time, the Department of Homeland Security would not target Dreamers for deportation, one of the sources said. Dreamers are a fraction of the estimated 11 million illegal immigrants in the United States, most of them Hispanic. Trump as a candidate promised to deport all of them, but many Americans have rallied to support the young adults, who have spent large parts of their lives in the United States. While Republicans in Congress have generally taken a hard line on illegal immigration and are sympathetic to the argument that Obama overstepped his bounds in creating DACA, several have stepped forward to call for action to protect the Dreamers. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, the top elected Republican official, on Friday urged Trump not to rescind the program, as did Senator Orrin Hatch. Senator James Lankford said on Monday it was not appropriate to “hold children legally accountable for the actions of their parents.” Another Republican, Senator Tom Cotton, who has been particularly outspoken on reforming immigration laws, told the Washington Examiner he supports legislation that would protect dreamers and take legal steps to reduce illegal immigration. Many prominent business leaders, including the chief executive officers of Microsoft (MSFT.O), General Motors (GM.N) and Facebook Inc (FB.O)  — Satya Nadella, Mary Barra and Mark Zuckerberg, respectively — have also urged Trump not to reverse the Dreamer program. ",1
1904,U.S. consumer watchdog chief Cordray tests Ohio's election waters,"CINCINNATI (Reuters) - Democrat Richard Cordray delivered a campaign-style stump speech at a sprawling Labor Day celebration on Monday, but the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau chief stopped short of saying whether he intends to run for governor of Ohio. If Cordray were to step down to run for political office it would allow President Donald Trump to appoint a successor as head of the consumer watchdog agency, which has stoked the ire of Wall Street with steep penalties for misconduct and tougher rules on lending. “We need to join together to help each other rekindle the hope, the enthusiasm, and the willingness to find and make our own opportunities,” Cordray said to hundreds of union members, a key Democratic constituency, at an AFL-CIO picnic in Cincinnati. Cordray is the first director of the CFPB, a consumer watchdog agency created under former President Barack Obama in the aftermath of the 2007-2009 financial crisis. An Ohio native, he has been widely expected to jump into the race for governor and clearly appeared to be testing the political waters with his speech on Monday. Though many had speculated he would use the occasion to   announce his candidacy, activists and political leaders said any formal announcement about Cordray’s plans to enter the 2018 contest would wait until the CFPB finalizes a long-awaited rule restricting the activity of payday lenders. Current Ohio Governor John Kasich, among more than a dozen Republican candidates to be defeated by Trump in last year’s presidential primary campaign, is barred by term limits from running again in the pivotal election battleground state. As CFPB director, Cordray has rained down steep penalties on banks, auto dealers, student lenders and credit card companies for alleged predatory lending practices. His reputation as being tough on banks and sticking up for consumers has many Democrats saying he is their best hope for taking the governors mansion, and chipping away at Republicans’ dominance in state government.  Due to a law forbidding public officials from using their office to advance political campaigns, Cordray would have to resign to run for governor. His term does not expire until next summer, when Democrats will already have selected their gubernatorial nominee in primary elections. Members of both parties have said Trump would seize on a vacancy at the top of the CFPB to make good on campaign promises to slash regulations and weaken or perhaps even dismantle the agency. Republicans have long fought to take the agency apart, saying it oversteps its authority and that the single director, who both writes and enforces rules, has too much power. The agency itself has repeatedly declined to comment on Cordray resignation rumors. CFPB critics say Trump could use a 1998 law to slide in a current administration appointee, already confirmed by Congress, as temporary director if Cordray resigns. A legal ruling that Trump can fire Cordray is currently under appeal. “He’s done a great job and I don’t think he should leave for  any reason,” said Karl Frisch, executive director of the liberal group Allied Progress. ",1
1905,"Ship traffic could resume Tuesday at Port Arthur, Texas: U.S. Coast Guard","HOUSTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Coast Guard on Monday allowed some barge traffic to enter Port Arthur, Texas, home of the country’s largest oil refinery, and is considering allowing ships to enter on Tuesday, a spokesman said.  Ships are not yet allowed to enter the port along the Neches River because of extreme river currents from Hurricane Harvey, said Scott Whalen, director of the USCG’s Vessel Tracking Service at Port Arthur.  The largest crude oil processor in the United States, Motiva Enterprises’ Port Arthur Refinery, sits along the port. The 603,000 barrel per day refinery is one of the largest producers of gasoline in the United States.      Port Arthur, the Port of Beaumont and Port of Orange are deep water ports on the Sabine-Neches waterway near the Texas-Louisiana border and are the only three of 28 ports on the Texas coast still closed to ship traffic due to Harvey.       Survey results of the port are due Monday evening, and following an assessment the Coast Guard will determine if the port can reopen on Tuesday, Whalen said. Any reopening would entail restrictions such as daylight operations and on vessel draft, or depth.      “We are hoping to move it tomorrow,” he said. “We’ll try Port Arthur first and see how far we can get. Pilots do not feel it is safe to get ships into those areas.”      The Coast Guard currently has a two loaded barge limit for the Neches River, Whalen said. ",1
1906,Wal-Mart reopens most Gulf region stores after Harvey,"(Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc said on Monday it has reopened most stores in the Gulf region that were shut due to Hurricane Harvey.  The company said five stores along the coast where the hurricane made landfall remain shut. Texas has been trying to recover from a storm that dumped some 50 inches (125 cm) of rain on the low-lying Gulf coastal region after coming ashore on Aug. 25, killing about 50 people.   ",1
1907,"Subdued by Harvey, Congress reconvenes facing fiscal tests","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Hurricane Harvey devastated Texas, but could bring some fiscal order to Washington where Republicans and Democrats will need to put political differences aside in order to approve spending to repair the damage from flooding in and around Houston. Lawmakers returning to Washington after a month-long break are expected to swiftly agree to an initial request for nearly $8 billion in disaster aid, with the House of Representatives considering assistance on Wednesday. More requests will follow from the Trump administration, with the fractious Republicans who control the House and the Senate determined to look capable of governing in a crisis. Some estimates say Harvey could cost U.S. taxpayers almost as much as the total federal aid outlay of more than $110 billion for 2005’s record-setting Hurricane Katrina. That sobering cost and the urgent needs of Harvey’s victims have helped to calm a fiscal storm that had threatened to engulf Congress and President Donald Trump ahead of Oct. 1. The rancor revolves around the deadline for lawmakers to approve a temporary spending measure to keep the government from shutting down, as well as the need to raise the nation’s debt ceiling. “There’s reason to hope that in the wake of the tragedy in Texas ... there will be a renewed sense of community and common purpose that can help get things done,” said Michael Steel, a Republican strategist who once worked as spokesman for former House Speaker John Boehner. Before Harvey, Trump had threatened to veto such spending and trigger a shutdown if Congress refused to fund his proposed U.S.-Mexico border wall. He has dropped his threat, the Washington Post reported on Friday, making a shutdown less likely. As of the Labor Day holiday weekend, approval by Congress was widely anticipated in late September of a stopgap bill, or continuing resolution, to continue current spending levels for two to three more months. The need to help Hurricane Harvey victims “creates another reason as to why you’d want to keep the government open,”  Republican Senator Roy Blunt said on NBC’s “Meet the Press” Sunday. With much of Washington distracted by tensions with North Korea over its nuclear program, Congress must also raise the federal debt ceiling by the end of September or early October to stave off an unprecedented U.S. government debt default, which would shake global markets. The debt ceiling caps how much money the U.S. government can borrow, and some conservatives are loath to raise it without spending reforms. U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin on Sunday said Congress should act quickly to increase the debt limit, otherwise relief funding for hurricane-ravaged areas of Texas might be delayed. “Without raising the debt limit, I am not comfortable that we will get money to Texas this month to rebuild,” Mnuchin said on Fox News Sunday. Blunt, a junior member of Senate Republican leadership, said it was possible lawmakers could tie legislation raising the debt ceiling to measures providing financial aid for recovery from Harvey. “That’s one way to do it,” he said on Meet the Press. The head of the Republican Study Committee, the largest group of House conservatives, said on Monday that Congress was obligated to help those hurt by Harvey. But Representative Mark Walker also warned that “legislative games” like attaching Harvey aid to a debt ceiling hike could jeopardize consensus. “The debt ceiling should be paired with significant fiscal and structural reforms,” he said in a statement. Senior Republicans were warning Trump not to anger Democrats by carrying through with his threat to curtail the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program for immigrant children, which Democrats widely support. Democratic votes will likely be needed to both raise the debt ceiling and prevent a shutdown. Trump might have listened to them. Sources said on Sunday that he has decided to scrap the program that shields the young  immigrants from deportation, but he will give Congress six months to craft a bill to replace it. With his tendency to send conflicting policy signals and attack fellow Republicans, Trump may present the biggest uncertainty as Congress gets back to work. The four top Republican and Democratic leaders of the Senate and House are set to hold a rare bipartisan meeting with Trump on Wednesday to chart a path forward for the multiple fiscal issues. Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell, who will attend the meetings, spent much of August feuding with Trump, who attacked the Kentuckian repeatedly on Twitter. One Republican strategist said the Senate leader would not dwell on those tensions. “Basically every Republican senator is looking to put whatever nonsense happened on Twitter in August in the rear view mirror and focus on all the important work that needs to get done in September,” said Josh Holmes, a former chief of staff and campaign manager for McConnell. ",1
1908,No need to consider release of oil stocks after Harvey: IEA,"VIENNA (Reuters) - The International Energy Agency (IEA) still sees no need for a coordinated international release of oil stocks after Hurricane Harvey disrupted a large chunk of U.S. refining and some production facilities, IEA boss Fatih Birol said on Monday. “Currently as far as Harvey is concerned, we do not see that there is a major physical shortage of oil which (would) make us consider to release stocks,” the chief of the Paris-based agency, which coordinates energy policies of industrialized nations, said in Vienna. “There is a need to consider how we place our stocks, where we place our stocks and the combination of crude oil versus products is an issue that we need to pay attention to,” he said when asked if the United States should reconsider moving its fuel stocks. ",1
1909,Houston port continues salvage efforts to recover from Harvey damage,"HOUSTON (Reuters) - Salvage efforts continued on Monday to remove a sunken drydock in an industrial portion of the Houston Ship Channel, home to major oil refineries and petrochemical plants, officials said.  Port operations across the U.S. Gulf Coast oil and gas industry are slowly coming back, in many cases with restrictions on vessel draft, according to U.S. Coast Guard updates.  It was unclear on Monday when the sunken drydock near Brady Island in the upper shipping channel would be cleared, said Alberto Hernandez, a watch supervisor at the Coast Guard’s Vessel Traffic Service in Houston.  “There is no timeframe” for removing the drydock debris, he said. The area affected is the main stem of the ship channel. “This is the main port of Houston City Docks, they are blocked due to these salvage operations,” he said.  The storm dumped as much as 50-inches of rainfall over the Gulf Coast, forcing officials to close or restriction operations at ports from Corpus Christi to Lake Charles, Louisiana.   It is unclear when the drydock will be cleared from the Houston Ship Channel, which links the busiest petrochemical port to the Gulf of Mexico, and restrictions in that area of the channel lifted, said Alberto Hernandez, a watch supervisor at the U.S. Coast Guard.  He said the Houston shipping channel is open to just past Exxon Mobil Corp’s Baytown refinery to vessels up to a 40-foot draft. Hernandez said there were ships exiting and entering the channel on Monday.  ",1
1910,House to consider disaster aid Wednesday,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House will consider a disaster relief package on Wednesday in wake of Hurricane Harvey that led to massive flooding in Texas and has been blamed for at least 50 deaths, the House majority leader’s office said Monday. On Friday, U.S. President Donald Trump asked Congress for an initial $7.85 billion for recovery efforts after the storm caused an estimated $180 billion in damage. ",1
1911,Immigrant 'Dreamers' - and their bosses - wait anxiously for Trump decision,"(Reuters) - Ilka Eren, 25, came to the United States from Turkey with her parents more than 15 years ago and lives in the country without legal authorization.  While in college, she applied and qualified for Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA), an Obama-era program that  President Donald Trump vowed to end during his 2016 presidential campaign. The program does not change an immigrant’s legal status but rather protects from deportation and gives the right to work to so-called “Dreamers,” young people brought to the United States as children and living in the country illegally. Nearly 800,000 immigrants have received DACA protection since the program’s launch in 2012. Eren’s DACA status opened the door to several internships, and eventually to a job in New York at Ovation Travel Group, which provides travel services to corporations, as executive assistant to the chief financial officer. “DACA literally changed my life,” she said. “I really don’t know where I would be without it.” Paul Metselaar, Ovation’s chief executive, doesn’t know where he’d be without Eren.  He said her job responsibilities have grown because of her abilities. He said she reminded him of his own grandparents, who immigrated to the United States to seek a better life. If Eren were to lose her work eligibility it would be a blow to his company, Metselaar said. But, he added, “it would be much more of a blow to her family, and to who we are as a country.” Trump is expected to announce a decision to end DACA on Tuesday, according to two sources with knowledge of the situation, but with a delay of up to six months to allow Congress to find a legislative solution. On the campaign trail, Trump promised to quickly repeal the program, but since taking office - even as he has stepped up immigration enforcement - he has at times taken a softer tone about DACA. “We love the Dreamers,” he told reporters on Friday. Immigration hardliners within the Republican Party have pressured the president to scrap the program. Nine Republican state attorneys general have said they will file a legal challenge to the program if the Trump administration does not end it by Tuesday. Many business leaders have urged the president to keep DACA protections in place, including the heads of tech giants Microsoft (MSFT.O) , Apple (AAPL.O)  and Facebook (FB.O). They have generally cited a potential hit to the economy if the program were to end, although there is scant government data on Dreamers as a distinct economic group. Still, with the U.S. economy at close to full employment, ending DACA would bring a net loss in productivity, said Giovanni Peri, an economics professor at the University of California, Davis who studies immigration.  Groups that support stricter immigration enforcement say that eliminating the program would bring benefits, too. “The end of DACA would result in much-welcomed job openings for American college graduates and other American workers who are either unemployed or underemployed and feel completely locked out of the workforce and blocked from achieving their American dream,” said Dave Ray, communications director for the Federation for American Immigration Reform, which favors reduced immigration.  In interviews with Reuters, DACA recipients and their employers emphasized another aspect of what it would mean to end the program: The holes such a move would leave in lives and workplaces.     Georgina Lepe, who runs a real estate law and probate practice from her office in Rancho Cucamonga, California, liked Karla Martinez so much she hired her twice.   She first met Martinez when she was busing tables at a Mexican restaurant owned by Lepe’s family and was impressed with her work ethic. When Martinez graduated from the University of Southern California in December 2015, Lepe hired her to help temporarily with marketing.  Martinez left after a few months to work elsewhere. Lepe later tracked her down and asked her to come back, this time as a full-time legal assistant. “Even when she was working at the restaurant, I knew she would be someone,” said Lepe, who is 30 and, like Martinez, from a Mexican family. “The difference between (us) is, my family was able to help me out financially to achieve my goals.”  Martinez, who came to the United States with her mother when she was four, helps pay the bills in the home she shares with her mother and two younger siblings. Now 24, she’s planning to apply to law school - if DACA doesn’t end and she can still afford to go back to school. “Obviously I think about it and it’s a little scary but I don’t let it take over me,” Martinez said. Lepe says if Martinez’s work permit is rescinded, “I would keep Karla until the very last second” and probably wouldn’t hire a replacement. “I don’t think anyone can compare,” she says. Chuck Rocha, the founder of Solidarity Strategies, employs DACA recipient Luis Alcauter at his Washington D.C.-based political consulting firm, which specializes in outreach to Latinos. Losing Alcauter “would be devastating,” Rocha said.  Alcauter, 27, came to the United States from Mexico when he was 13, and attended California State University, Fresno, where he developed an interest in politics, which led to his interning on Capitol Hill.  The internship was possible, he said, because of his DACA status.  “To be able to have the documents and be able to apply wherever you want, it really empowers you to think beyond the place you were,” Alcauter said. “It just empowers people to be able to find a job, to get a car, to buy a house, to move around, to contribute to their families.” Juan Ochoa, CEO of Miramar Group, an Illinois-based facilities management company that oversees 1,200 buildings nationwide, said his company will hire an attorney to try to keep DACA employee Jay Meza, 23, if the program ends. “I have a good job now,” said Meza, who came to the United States from Mexico with his parents and brother when he was 3 years old. “I actually am looking forward to buying my first house. I actually have a good car.” Ochoa said Meza started at Miramar doing data entry and analyzing spreadsheets and went on to help the company build a system allowing it to track its buildings and employees. “We have invested a lot of time and money in training Jay, and so it would be a significant loss to us,” he said. (This story corrects year that Martinez graduated to 2015 instead of 2016)  ",1
1912,Bad blood over Obamacare fight lingers as Congress returns,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - When the U.S. Congress returns from summer vacation on Tuesday, for the first time in years gutting Obamacare will not be the main order of business on the healthcare agenda.  But leftover hard feelings in the wake of the long, partisan Obamacare wars could poison other issues. Among them will be a measure to keep federal funding flowing to an insurance program that helps millions of children and pregnant women. The Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) must be reauthorized by a vote of Congress by Sept. 30. If that does not happen, the program is expected to run out of money. Another issue will be stabilizing the individual insurance market created under the 2010 Affordable Care Act, former Democratic President Barack Obama’s signature domestic policy achievement. In recent months, the Trump administration has worked to undermine it and insurers have raised premiums by double digits or exited the market. Republicans in Congress spent six months trying to make good on a seven-year campaign promise to repeal and replace Obamacare, also a top campaign promise by President Donald Trump, while Democrats remained unanimously opposed.  The effort, which inflamed partisanship and exposed deep divisions within the Republican Party, ended with a dramatic failed Senate vote in July, leaving the law in place, but damaged.  Reauthorization of CHIP is typically not contentious. The program has bipartisan support. But lobbyists and industry officials said that any healthcare effort in Congress could become partisan in this political climate. “Anything having to do with healthcare after the process we’ve gone through is subject to being controversial,” one health industry lobbyist said last week.  Serving as a backdrop for Congress’ deliberations, including hearings scheduled for Wednesday and Thursday, will be Trump and his Twitter account. In several tweets, Trump has chastised lawmakers, sometimes by name, for failing to deliver on their promise to get rid of Obamacare. If that continues, already-rocky relations between Trump and fellow Republicans could worsen. Several congressional aides, lobbyists and industry officials said they were skeptical that lawmakers would be able to move past the bitter months-long Republican push to gut Obamacare and somehow achieve bipartisan cooperation on healthcare. The Obamacare markets’ problems have worsened amid conflicting messages from Trump and the Republicans’ effort to dismantle the healthcare law. Republican aides and lobbyists said there was little appetite to try once more to repeal and replace it. They said Republicans, controlling the White House, House of Representatives and Senate, were unlikely to take up the repeal-and-replace effort for the remainder of 2017. Trump’s administration has moved to undercut Obamacare, slashing its advertising budget by 90 percent and backing off enforcement of the so-called individual mandate, the requirement that everyone purchase insurance or pay a fine. ",1
1913,Harvey unlikely to boost global property reinsurance rates: Moody's,"LONDON (Reuters) - Ratings agency Moody’s said on Monday it did not believe global property reinsurance prices trends would be materially affected by Hurricane Harvey, though rates in affected regions could rise. Intense competition led to declining property and casualty reinsurance premiums in the second quarter, Moody’s said in a report, but it added that “reinsurers have ample capital to absorb Harvey losses”. ",1
1914,Russia says U.S. actions towards its consulates are 'state hooliganism',"XIAMEN, China (Reuters) - Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov said on Monday that Washington’s actions towards Russian diplomatic facilities in the United States could be described as “state hooliganism”. “I am inclined to call what is happening state hooliganism,” he told reporters at a BRICS summit in China. ",1
1915,Funding battle looms as Texas sees Harvey damage at up to $180 billion,"HOUSTON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin on Sunday challenged Congress to raise the government’s debt limit in order to free up relief spending for Hurricane Harvey, a disaster that the governor of Texas said had caused up to $180 billion in damage. Harvey, which came ashore on Aug. 25 as the most powerful hurricane to hit Texas in more than 50 years, has killed an estimated 50 people, displaced more than 1 million and damaged some 200,000 homes in a path of destruction stretching for more than 300 miles (480 km).     As the city of Houston and the region’s critical energy infrastructure began to recover nine days after the storm hit, the debate over how to pay for the disaster played out in Washington.   Texas Governor Greg Abbott estimated damage at $150 billion to $180 billion, calling it more costly than Hurricanes Katrina or Sandy, which devastated New Orleans in 2005 and New York in 2012. The administration of President Donald Trump has asked Congress for an initial $7.85 billion for recovery efforts, a fraction of what will eventually be needed. Even that amount could be delayed unless Congress quickly increases the government’s debt ceiling, Mnuchin said, as the United States is on track to hit its mandated borrowing limit by the end of the month unless Congress increases it.  “Without raising the debt limit, I am not comfortable that we will get money to Texas this month to rebuild,” Mnuchin told Fox News. Republican lawmakers, who control both houses of Congress, have traditionally resisted raising the debt ceiling, but linking the issue to Harvey aid could force their hand with people suffering and large areas of the fourth-largest U.S. city under water. Beyond the immediate funding, any massive aid package faces budget pressures at a time when Trump is advocating for tax reform or tax cuts, leading some on Capitol Hill to suggest aid may be released in a series of appropriations.  Katrina set the record by costing U.S. taxpayers more than $110 billion. In advocating for funds to help rebuild his state, Abbott said damage from Harvey would exceed that. Houston Mayor Sylvester Turner said the city expected most public services and businesses to be restored by Tuesday, the first day after Monday’s Labor Day holiday. “Over 95 percent of the city is now dry. And I’m encouraging people to get up and let’s get going,” Turner told NBC News. Even so, Houston mandated the evacuation of thousands of people on the western side of town on Sunday to accommodate the release of water from two reservoirs that otherwise might sustain damage. The storm stalled over Houston, dumping more than 50 inches (1.3 m) on the region. Houston cut off power to homes on Sunday to encourage evacuations. The area was closed off on Sunday and military vehicles were stationed on the periphery to take people out.  Karen Waltmon, 58, who was returning to her home in one of the neighborhoods, said she wondered if parts of the city would have to be razed. “I feel a lot of Houston is drying out, and I don’t want them to forget about us,” she said. About 37,000 refugees stayed overnight in 270 shelters in Texas plus another 2,000 in seven Louisiana shelters, the highest number reported by the American Red Cross. Some 84,700 homes and businesses were without power on Sunday, down from a peak of around 300,000, according to the region’s major electric companies. In Crosby, Texas, an Arkema (AKE.PA) chemical plant that ran out of electricity needed to keep volatile organic peroxide refrigerated will burn the remaining containers as a “proactive measure,” company and Harris County fire officials said in a statement. Officials last week evacuated residents and set up a 1.5-mile (2.4-km) perimeter around the area. Energy disruptions pushed up gasoline futures to a two-year high ahead of the holiday weekend, but major refineries started to come back online on Friday. Colonial Pipeline, the biggest U.S. fuel system, expects to reopen a Texas segment of its network on Monday, when it will resume transporting distillates from Houston to Hebert, Texas, the company said on Sunday, adding that it would be ready to start moving gasoline on Tuesday. Those repairs would restore to normal Colonial’s entire pipeline from Houston to Linden, New Jersey, relieving shortages between Texas and the U.S. Northeast. ",1
1916,"Trump to scrap protection for 'Dreamers,' give Congress six months to fix","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump has decided to scrap a program shielding from deportation immigrants who came to the United States illegally as children but will give Congress six months to craft legislation to replace it, sources familiar with the situation said. The president decided to delay enforcement of his decision to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, the two sources said on Sunday. One source cautioned that the president could change his mind. The decision to give Congress half a year to come up with a an alternative, first reported by Politico, represents a  compromise of sorts after top Republicans and business leaders  asked Trump to keep the program. DACA, an Obama administration policy, protects nearly 800,000 young men and women often called “Dreamers” from deportation and allows them to work legally.  Dreamers are a fraction of the estimated 11 million illegal immigrants in the United States, most of them Hispanic. Trump as a candidate promised to deport all of them, but many Americans have rallied to support the young adults who have spent large parts of their lives in the United States. The decision, to be announced on Tuesday, will seek to placate both sides in the immigration debate at a time when the president is also grappling with North Korea’s nuclear program and Houston’s recovery from Hurricane Harvey. As a candidate, Trump pledged to immediately scrap the program but he ran into stiff opposition. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan urged Trump on Friday not to rescind the program and was joined by Senator Orrin Hatch, also a Republican. Representative Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, a Cuban-American Republican from Florida tweeted her dismay with the decision to scrap DACA: “After teasing #Dreamers for months with talk of his ‘great heart,’ @POTUS slams door on them. Some ‘heart’.” That said, Trump’s base will likely be far from happy about the president’s decision to leave open the option of a fix. Representative Steve King, a hawk on immigration and Iowa Republican, tweeted his opposition to the plan on Sunday night. Democrats, like Senator Al Franken of Minnesota, also wanted the program to continue. Franken called the reported decision a “disgrace.” Nancy Pelosi, the top House Democrat, last week asked Ryan to meet with Democratic lawmakers to discuss a “comprehensive legislative solution.” Leading business figures defended the Dreamers, including  Microsoft chief executive Satya Nadella and Facebook Inc (FB.O) CEO Mark Zuckerberg, who signed a letter to the president outlining the economic contribution of Dreamers. Prior to the news of Trump’s action, Apple Inc (AAPL.O) CEO Tim Cook tweeted, “250 of my Apple coworkers are #Dreamers. I stand with them.”  But U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin downplayed those warnings on Sunday, telling Fox News Sunday he was “less concerned about the economic impact.” Most of the Dreamers came from Mexico and elsewhere in Latin America. More than 200,000 live in California, while 100,000 are in Texas. New York, Illinois and Florida also have large numbers. Congress under presidents of both parties has been unable to pass comprehensive immigration reform. What to do about Dreamers has been actively debated within the White House and Trump administration. One senior administration official described the debate as a “tug of war” between factions. DACA supporters argue that the people it protects grew up and are U.S. educated and integrated into American society, with little connection to the countries in which they are citizens. Opponents of the program argue that illegal immigrants take jobs from U.S. citizens. ",1
1917,Trump rebukes South Korea after North Korean bomb test,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump admonished South Korea, a key ally, for what he termed a policy of “appeasement” after North Korea claimed to have tested an advanced hydrogen bomb for a long-range missile on Sunday.  On Twitter, Trump said: “South Korea is finding, as I have told them, that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work, they (North Korea) only understand one thing!” It was the latest signal that Trump is losing patience with the international community’s response to the increasingly belligerent regime of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. Last week, Trump tweeted that “talking is not the answer” in terms of dealing with Pyongyang.  On Sunday, Trump also tweeted that North Korea’s “words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the United States” and said the regime “has become a great threat and embarrassment to China, which is trying to help but with little success.” The White House said Trump’s national security team was “monitoring this closely” and that the president would convene a meeting of his advisers later on Sunday.   North Korea said it had tested an advanced hydrogen bomb for a long-range missile on Sunday, setting off a manmade earthquake near the test. Japanese and South Korean officials said that tremor was about 10 times more powerful than the one picked up after the nation’s last nuclear test a year ago. There was no independent confirmation that the detonation was a hydrogen bomb rather than a less powerful atomic weapon of the kind Pyongyang has tested in the past. In his tweet on Sunday, Trump appeared to be blaming South Korea for a policy it abandoned years ago of trying to soften North Korea’s posture through economic aid.  South Korea’s new president, Moon Jae-in, has argued for continuing dialogue with its neighbor over its nuclear program, while also supporting international sanctions.  Reports that the United States is considering pulling out of its trade deal with South Korea has also ratcheted up tensions with the country.  Despite Trump’s tweets, U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin suggested the United States would continue to attempt to pressure North Korea economically.  Mnuchin said on Sunday that he would put together a package of new sanctions to potentially cut off all global trade with Pyongyang.  “If countries want to do business with the United States, they obviously will be working with our allies and others to cut off North Korea economically,” Mnuchin said on “Fox News Sunday.” Trump’s cabinet has at times tried to show the president’s tweets are not shifts in official U.S. policy. Last week, after Trump said that “talking is not the answer,” Defense Secretary James Mattis followed up by saying: “We’re never out of diplomatic solutions.” Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson has previously suggested that the United States would be open to talks with North Korea if it ceased its missile tests and met other conditions.  Senator Jeff Flake, a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said on CNN’s “State of the Union” on Sunday that the United States had no good options when it came to North Korea. “Obviously the test yesterday shows they are further along than everyone figured,” said Flake, a Republican. He said sanctions did not appear to have slowed the advance of North Korea’s nuclear program, “but I don’t think harsh rhetoric does either.” Often critical of Trump, Flake declined to address his comment about South Korea’s “talk of appeasement,” but said: “I think South Korea will be with us whatever we decide.” ",1
1918,Harvey victim funds may be delayed without debt limit increase: Mnuchin,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin on Sunday put pressure on Congress to increase the government’s debt limit by arguing that relief funding for hurricane-ravaged areas of Texas might be delayed if lawmakers do not act quickly.  “Without raising the debt limit, I am not comfortable that we will get money to Texas this month to rebuild,” Mnuchin said on Fox News Sunday. U.S. President Donald Trump has requested nearly $8 billion for initial relief for areas hit by Hurricane Harvey.  The United States is on track to hit its mandated debt limit by the end of the month unless Congress moves to increase it.  Senator Roy Blunt, a junior member of the Senate’s Republican leadership, said it was possible lawmakers could tie legislation raising the U.S. debt ceiling - an unpopular step among some Republican conservatives - to legislation providing financial aid for recovery from Harvey. “That’s one way to do it,” Blunt said on NBC’s “Meet the Press.” Congressional leaders would have to look at whether the votes are there, he said. Congress returns this week from a month-long vacation, and one of the first measures it is expected to consider is the  $7.85 billion Trump has requested so far for Harvey aid. Texas Governor Greg Abbott on Sunday estimated damage from Hurricane Harvey at $150 billion to $180 billion, calling it more costly than epic storms Katrina or Sandy and fueling the debate over how to pay for the disaster.   The U.S. government has a statutory limit on how much money it can borrow to cover the budget deficit that results from Washington spending more than it collects in taxes. Only Congress can raise that limit, and financial firms have been worried that Congress may fail to reach a deal to do so. Some conservatives want to link spending reforms to a debt ceiling hike. Democrats said there should be bipartisan talks on how to handle the debt ceiling and government spending bills. “Providing aid in the wake of Harvey and raising the debt ceiling are both important issues, and Democrats want to work to do both. Given the interplay between all the issues Congress must tackle in September, Democrats and Republicans must discuss all the issues together and come up with a bipartisan consensus,” House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi and Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer said in a joint statement. Blunt, on NBC, said Hurricane Harvey has created “another reason as to why you’d want to keep the government open” by passing legislation to fund the government this month.  ",1
1919,Trump says U.S. considering global trade embargo on North Korea: tweet,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Twitter on Sunday that the United States was considering cutting trade to any country doing business with North Korea. North Korea said it had tested an advanced hydrogen bomb for a long-range missile on Sunday, setting off a manmade earthquake near the test.  ",1
1920,Trump said 'we'll see' when asked whether U.S. would attack North Korea,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said “we’ll see” when asked whether the United States would attack North Korea, as he left a church service.  North Korea said it had tested an advanced hydrogen bomb for a long-range missile on Sunday, setting off a manmade earthquake near the test.  Earlier Sunday, Trump had said on Twitter, “South Korea is finding, as I have told them, that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work, they only understand one thing!”  ",1
1921,"Japan's Abe: agreed with Trump, Putin on cooperation over North Korea","TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said he and U.S. President Donald Trump agreed on Sunday that the international community must step up its response to North Korea after Pyongyang announced it had tested a hydrogen bomb. Abe said he had agreed separately with Russian President Vladimir Putin to cooperate on North Korea. “President Trump and I shared the view that we cannot overlook North Korea’s reckless act and that the international community must show its resolve by applying stronger pressure than had so far been used”, Abe told reporters after the call. “We again confirmed that Japan and the United States are 100 percent together.” It was their second phone call of the day and their fourth since North Korea fired a missile over Japan on Tuesday. Abe said he and Putin agreed that “North Korea’s reckless act is a serious threat” and that they would maintain close contact on the issue.  He noted that he and the Russian leader are scheduled to meet this week on the sidelines of a gathering in Vladivostok. ",1
1922,FEMA tells U.S. states to improve their own disaster relief efforts,"HOUSTON (Reuters) - State and local governments need to become more self-sufficient in handling major disasters like Hurricane Harvey, FEMA Administrator Brook Long said in a televised interview on Sunday. Speaking on CBS’ Face the Nation, Long said the federal support is intended to be a “ray of hope, a bridge to kick-start recovery,” and state and local governments need to do more on their own. They should not expect the federal government to make their citizens whole after major disasters, he said.  “We need elected officials at all levels to sit down and hit the reset button and make sure they have everything they need to increase levels of self-sufficiency,” Long said.  He called the massive devastation “a wakeup call for local and state officials,” saying they needed to fully fund their own emergency management offices and have rainy day funds set aside for such emergencies. “They can’t depend only on federal emergency management,” he said following pointed calls by Houston officials for FEMA to quickly increase staffing in the city and provide relief funds.  Long declined to offer an amount the White House would request Congress to provide for additional emergency assistance in the wake of Harvey. Earlier Texas Governor Greg Abbott said the cost of the storm had risen to between $150 billion and $180 billion.  Houston is making progress on several fronts to recover from Harvey, resuming city services and helping get people into housing and out of emergency shelters, Houston Mayor Sylvester Turner said in separate comments on Face the Nation on Sunday.  “This is a can-do city. We’re not going to engage in a pity party,” said Turner. “People are taking care of each other.” Speaking from the city’s convention center, which once housed 10,000 people fleeing from flooding, he said there are “significantly less than 2,000” people now staying at the shelter.  ",1
1923,U.S. Treasury's Mnuchin drafting new N. Korea sanctions: Fox News,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin said on Sunday that he would put together a package of new sanctions to potentially cut off all trade with North Korea after Pyongyang conducted its sixth and most powerful nuclear test. Speaking on Fox News, Mnuchin said he would ask U.S. President Donald Trump to strongly consider cutting off all trade with new sanctions. “If countries want to do business with the United States, they obviously will be working with our allies and others to cut off North Korea economically,” he said. ",1
1924,Trump hugs Harvey's victims in test of presidential mien,"HOUSTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump took up the mantle of “comforter-in-chief” in a visit to storm-wracked Houston as he played with children and served up food to evacuees from Hurricane Harvey, the first major natural disaster of his eight months in office. In a widely watched test of his presidential mien, Trump comforted victims and thanked volunteers and first responders after being criticized earlier in the week for not showing sufficient empathy to Texas residents during catastrophic flooding. Trump, 71, was joined by his wife, Melania, as he passed out food and hugged, kissed and played with children at the “kid zone” in Houston’s NRG Center, a 700,000-square-foot (65,000 square meter) facility that was turned in to the city’s largest emergency shelter. The day was a rare glimpse into Trump’s interactions with everyday Americans outside his campaign-style rallies. The former real estate magnate appeared relaxed as he posed for photographs with volunteers and chatted with evacuees alongside Texas Governor Greg Abbott. “It has been a wonderful thing,” Trump said of his meetings with the children as he served food to evacuees amid shouts of “Thank you, sir.” Trump, who declared Sunday a national day of prayer, also went to a church in nearby Pearland, where he and his wife helped load half a dozen cars with boxes of supplies for victims. He said the volunteer work was “good exercise.” Trump also visited a neighborhood that had sustained flooding but had dried out to greet residents and praise them for doing “a fantastic job holding it together.” The visit came after a week of historic flooding in the area killed at least 40 people, displaced more than 1 million and dumped as much as 50 inches (127 cm) of rain. Trump asked Congress late on Friday for an initial $7.85 billion for hurricane recovery efforts. The request comes as Washington faces tough budget negotiations. The trip may have political implications for Trump. According to the Reuters/Ipsos tracking poll, almost 59 percent of the public disapproves of Trump’s performance as president. Andrew Smith, a political science professor at the University of New Hampshire, said Trump had done well overall in coordinating federal assistance and showing concern on Saturday for those affected by Harvey. But he would likely see little change in his poll numbers due to scrutiny of his administration’s other policies. “You can be as empathetic as you want but if your administration isn’t seen as competent in dealing with the problem, it’s not going to help you,” Smith said. His initial trip to Texas on Tuesday was contrasted unfavorably with the efforts of former President Barack Obama, who became known as “comforter-in-chief” after mass shootings and the Sandy superstorm that hit New Jersey in 2012.  With floodwaters still present, Trump had stayed clear of the Houston area on that trip, saying he did not want to hamper rescue efforts. Instead, he met with Cabinet members, state and local leaders and first responders in the state capital Austin and Corpus Christi, where Harvey first hit, focusing on the logistics of the government response. Trump tweeted that he had seen “first hand the horror & devastation” from Harvey but reporters traveling with him said they saw no damage. “That was reasonable criticism,” said Matt Mackowiak, chairman of the Republican Party in Travis County, Texas, who has praised the Trump administration’s handling of the disaster.  On Saturday, some area residents, even one on the opposite side of the political spectrum, said Trump’s visit was a positive. “It raises the morale,” Kevin Jason Hipolito, who identified himself as a Democrat, told reporters at the convention center. “When he went to Corpus I was like, ‘Man he just forgot about us.’ This shows a lot of support. It perks up morale.” But it remains a difficult task for Trump, a Republican businessman new to politics, to match expectations set by his predecessors of both parties who were widely considered politically deft at displaying solidarity and commitment to those suffering from disasters both natural and man-made. “Is he going to help? Can he help?” Devon Harris, 37, a construction worker, said at the convention center. “I lost my home. My job is gone. My tools are gone. My car is gone. My life is gone. What is Trump going to do?” Trump was cheered at both the convention center and a church he visited and appeared to crack a joke, perhaps at his own expense. While donning gloves to serve food to victims of the disaster in a cafeteria, he commented “my hands are too big,” referencing a meme from the presidential campaign in which the size of the candidate’s hands were linked to his supposed virility by his opponents, including Republican Marco Rubio. ",1
1925,"For storm-ravaged Houston, a presidential visit and baseball's return","HOUSTON (Reuters) - The city of Houston on Saturday witnessed two milestones on its road to recovery from Hurricane Harvey: a visit from the president of the United States and the return of baseball a week after deadly floodwaters engulfed the metropolis. President Donald Trump, in a widely watched test of his handling of the disaster, distributed food and played with children at a center for evacuees in his first trip to Houston since it was slammed by one of the most destructive storms to hit the United States. A few miles away, Major League Baseball returned to downtown Houston for the first time since Harvey came ashore last Friday as the most powerful hurricane to hit Texas in 50 years, bringing a welcome distraction to the fourth-most populous city, facing years of rebuilding. In his second Texas visit since the storm struck, the president and his wife, Melania Trump, were greeted warmly on an unannounced stop to NRG center, a convention complex converted into a facility to assist storm evacuees. “Really, I think people appreciate what has been done,” Trump told reporters. “It has been done very efficiently, very well. There is a lot of love, a lot of love.” The visit gave Trump an opportunity to show an empathetic side to victims. Some have criticized him for staying clear of the disaster zone during a Texas visit on Tuesday, when he said he did not want to hamper rescue efforts. The storm is expected to be one of the costliest natural disasters in U.S. history, displacing more than 1 million people and leaving behind wreckage in an area stretching more than 300 miles (480 kms). Some areas of Texas received more than 50 inches (127 cm) of rain and the storm led to the deaths of at least 47 people. The city of Houston ordered a mandatory evacuation for about 4,600 residences in the western part, where several hundred people have not left their homes. “Put your own personal safety above your property,” Mayor Sylvester Turner said, adding that residents should also  consider the safety of first responders who would have to handle any emergencies.   The Trump administration on Friday asked Congress for a $7.85 billion appropriation for response and initial recovery efforts. Texas Governor Greg Abbott, who accompanied the Trumps, has said his state may need more than $125 billion. The first couple’s initial stop was at the center’s “kid zone” where they hugged and chatted with some children playing there. At one point, Trump, dressed in a black rain jacket and no tie, picked up a child and kissed her on the cheek.  Later, the couple handed out prepared meals to the crowd, pausing frequently to greet and take “selfies” with aid recipients.  Kevin Hipolito, 37, an unemployed Houston resident rescued from the roof of his car two days earlier when his first-floor apartment was flooded, said he saw the Trump visit to the fourth-most populous U.S. city as a show of support.  “I’m a Democrat. It raises the morale,” he said while the Trumps served lunch. The Trumps later flew to flood-hit Lake Charles, Louisiana. Harvey came on the 12th anniversary of Hurricane Katrina, which killed about 1,800 people around New Orleans. U.S. President George W. Bush’s administration was roundly criticized for its botched early response to the storm, and the Trump administration appeared intent on avoiding such a misstep. For a graphic on Harvey's energy impact, click tmsnrt.rs/2xzso1S For a graphic on hurricane costs, click tmsnrt.rs/2vGkbHS For a graphic on storms in the North Atlantic, click tmsnrt.rs/2gcckz5 Late Saturday night, Trump tweeted “Just got back to the White House from the Great States of Texas and Louisiana, where things are going well. Such cooperation & coordination!” Robert Hendricks, 48, an electrical engineer standing on line at NRG Stadium, was skeptical about Trump’s visit helping. “What’s he going to do, use us as props to serve us lunch?” he said before adding: “It’s good that he’s showing his face.” At Minute Maid Park, the Houston Astros opened a double-header against the New York Mets, the first time the team played at home since Harvey struck. Houston Mayor Sylvester Turner threw out the first pitch and a moment of silence was observed for those who died. The Astros won the first game of the doubleheader 12-8. The devastation from the unprecedented flooding to the Houston metropolitan area, with an economy as large as Argentina’s, has been enormous. By Saturday, nearly 200,000 homes had suffered flood damage and about 12,600 were destroyed, according to the Texas Department of Public Safety. Thirteen Texas Superfund sites, heavily contaminated former industrial zones, were flooded or damaged by Harvey, but the full impact on surrounding areas was not immediately clear, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency said. The announcement came amid rising concern about the health risks posed by Harvey’s record floodwaters, which contain a toxic soup of chemicals, oil and bacteria from Houston’s notoriously leaky sewer system. For many people in the region, there was little time for baseball or the Trump visit as receding waters allowed them to return to flood-damaged homes for the first time since the Harvey came ashore on the Gulf Coast. In a neighborhood in east Houston, streets were lined with 8-foot (2.4 meter) piles of soggy debris, including mattresses, carpets and other belongings ripped out of homes. Volunteers had set up shade tents with water and food and were helping residents remove the wreckage. “It’s overwhelming. It’s sad to see it. We have a lot of good memories here,” said Sergio Estrada who grew up in the neighborhood and came to help salvage the home where his parents live. Many areas still were battling floodwaters from swollen rivers that were expected to last for a week or more. In Beaumont, about 85 miles (140 km) east, officials tried to repair a flood-damaged pumping station that caused the city of about 120,000 people to lose drinking water days ago. To the east, flood-hit Orange County implemented a curfew from Saturday night to keep the community safe and give its residents “peace of mind,” officials said. The storm shut about a fourth of U.S. refinery capacity, much of which is clustered along the Gulf Coast, and caused gasoline prices to spike to a two-year high ahead of the long Labor Day holiday weekend. Meanwhile a new storm, Irma, strengthened on Friday into a Category 3 hurricane on the five-step Saffir-Simpson scale. It remained more than 1000 miles from the Leeward Islands, where residents were advised to monitor its progress. The National Hurricane Center said in an advisory late Saturday night it was still much too early to determine what direct impact it might have on the Bahamas and the continental United States. ",1
1926,Harvey floods or damages 13 Texas Superfund sites: EPA,"HOUSTON (Reuters) - Thirteen Superfund sites, heavily contaminated former industrial zones, in Texas were flooded or damaged by Hurricane Harvey, but the full impact on surrounding areas was not immediately clear, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency said on Saturday. The announcement came amid rising concern about the health risks posed by Harvey’s record floodwaters, which contain a toxic soup of chemicals, oil and bacteria from Houston’s notoriously leaky sewer system. The EPA said it found the flooded or damaged Superfund sites using aerial images but had been able to physically inspect only two of them so far. Neither of those two require emergency cleanup, EPA said. Reaching the 11 other Superfund sites could take time, however, because floodwaters have yet to fully recede. “Teams are in place to investigate possible damage to (the other 11) sites as soon flood waters recede, and personnel are able to safely access the sites,” EPA said. ",1
1927,Justice Department affirms no evidence Obama wiretapped Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Justice Department said it had no evidence to support the unsubstantiated claim made in March by President Donald Trump that his predecessor, Barack Obama, had ordered a wiretap of Trump Tower during the 2016 presidential campaign. There has never been any evidence to support Trump’s assertion on Twitter that “Obama had my ‘wires tapped’ in Trump Tower just before the victory,” despite continued insistence from some conservative websites and commentators.  But in a court filing late on Friday, the Justice Department added itself to the list of entities debunking the allegation. The FBI and the Justice Department’s National Security Division “confirm that they have no records related to wiretaps as described” by tweets from Trump posted on March 4, the department said in a court filing in Washington. The filing was in response to a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit brought by American Oversight, a government watchdog group. Trump Tower, a mixed-used New York skyscraper, is home to one of Trump’s private residences and served as his campaign headquarters during the election. The surveillance claim, which first appeared in conservative media before being picked up by Trump, prompted a rare rebuke by Obama, who responded at the time through a spokesman to denounce the idea that he had ordered surveillance against then-candidate Trump as “simply false.” In a statement, American Oversight said the Justice Department filing “confirmed in writing that President Trump lied when he tweeted that former President Obama ‘wiretapped’ him at Trump Tower.” Asked for comment, a White House spokeswoman said on Saturday, “This is not news. We answered this weeks ago.” Despite the lack of evidence, the White House for several weeks attempted to bolster the baseless claim, and it helped fuel an also unsubstantiated inquiry by Devin Nunes, the Republican chairman of the U.S. House of Representatives intelligence committee, into whether the Obama administration improperly “unmasked” surveillance intercepts of phone conversations Trump associates had with foreigners. ",1
1928,"Orange County, Texas, to start curfew Saturday after Harvey","HOUSTON (Reuters) - Officials in Orange County, Texas, will implement a curfew starting Saturday from 8 p.m. until 6 a.m. CDT, the county’s emergency management officials said in a statement. County and city officials are working to keep the community safe and give its residents “peace of mind” in the aftermath of storm Harvey, the statement said.  ",1
1929,Union Pacific says Arkema chemical plant fire hindering line repairs,"HOUSTON (Reuters) - Union Pacific Corp said on Saturday repairs to a rail line damaged by Tropical Stormy Harvey are being hindered by a fire at an Arkema chemical plant in Crosby, Texas. The railroad said the repairs to its line between Houston and Beaumont, Texas, are one of its top priorities. However, the line runs next to the smoldering chemical plant, limiting access for its repair crews.    ",1
1930,Trump increases federal funding for debris removal: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Saturday authorized an increase in the level of federal funding for debris removal and emergency protective measures as a result of Hurricane Harvey to 90 percent from 75 percent, the White House said. “President Trump increased cost sharing to 90 percent federal funding for debris removal, including direct federal assistance, and a 100 percent federal funding for emergency protective measures, including direct federal assistance,” the White House said in a statement. ",1
1931,Labor activists target Midwest politicians opposing wage increases,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. activists plan protests in up to 400 cities across the United States on Monday’s Labor Day holiday to demand a minimum wage of $15 an hour, and are targeting politicians in Midwestern battleground states who have blocked such salary increases. The demonstrations, backed by the Service Employees International Union, will focus on hospital and home care workers, joining the fast-food and janitorial staffers who have protested since the “Fight for $15” movement started in 2012. The movement has helped to spur politicians in a growing number of cities such as New York, Seattle, Minneapolis and Washington, D.C., to adopt measures that over time raise minimum wages to $15 an hour. Organizers are also increasing pressure on legislatures and governors, particularly in the Midwest, that have blocked or rolled back increases. The increased focus on politicians who oppose wage increases may capture some of the populist job-related voter discontent in traditionally Democratic Midwest states that helped U.S. President Donald Trump win the White House, said Dick Simpson, a political science professor at the University of Illinois at Chicago. “The minimum wage issue is one (issue) they can immediately identify with because it affects their pocketbook with every paycheck,” he said. Republican Governor Scott Walker of the presidential swing state of Wisconsin is among those targeted, as is Illinois Republican Governor Bruce Rauner, who last month vetoed raising the minimum wage to $15 by 2022, saying it would hurt employment and businesses. “I’m doing 40 hours of campaigning and knocking on doors and making phone calls, whatever it takes to get Walker out of office,” Milwaukee hospital worker Margie Breelove said.  A voter-engagement drive, also slated to begin on Monday, seeks thousands of workers to pledge to volunteer 40 hours leading up to the 2018 elections.  The idea is to support candidates, most of them Democrats, for state legislatures or governor who favor wage hikes and union rights in such states as Iowa, Michigan, Ohio, Wisconsin and Illinois, along with other areas outside the Midwest. “It’s not just about taking out people that have been rigging the rules against us, it’s backing candidates who are prepared to support our agenda,” SEIU President Mary Kay Henry said in a telephone interview. Representatives for the governors of Wisconsin, Missouri and Illinois did not respond to requests for comment on Friday.  Opponents of raising the current federal minimum hourly wage of $7.25 argue that it hurts businesses. The federal minimum wage was last increased in 2009. But supporters of an increase say the current level is not enough to live on and helps fuel the need for social safety-net programs. They point to studies showing little impact on jobs. Under a law approved last year, California set a $15 target for all workers, which it plans to reach in 2023. New York state is also gradually increasing its minimum wage to $15 an hour for all workers. Cities, including Minneapolis, have also approved such legislation. However, since 2016, eight states, including Alabama, Kentucky and Iowa, have passed laws pre-empting local wage laws, according to the Economic Policy Institute. St. Louis’ minimum wage, which had increased to $10 an hour, recently reverted to $7.70 after the legislature prohibited cities from creating separate wage laws. Missouri Governor Eric Greitens had opposed the increase. ",1
1932,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (Sept 1) - Texas, Louisiana, stocks","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - Wow, looks like James Comey exonerated Hillary Clinton long before the investigation was over...and so much more. A rigged system! [0756 EDT] - General John Kelly is doing a great job as Chief of Staff. I could not be happier or more impressed - and this Administration continues to.. [0835 EDT] - ...get things done at a record clip. Many big decisions to be made over the coming days and weeks. AMERICA FIRST! [0847 EDT] - Texas is healing fast thanks to all of the great men & women who have been working so hard. But still so much to do. Will be back tomorrow! [0858 EDT] - 'President Donald J. Trump Proclaims September 3, 2017, as a National Day of Prayer' #HurricaneHarvey #PrayForTexas (link: 45.wh.gov/PrayForTexas) 45.wh.gov/PrayForTexas [1547 EDT] - Stock Market up 5 months in a row! [1947 EDT] - I will be going to Texas and Louisiana tomorrow with First Lady. Great progress being made! Spending weekend working at White House.[2003 EDT] - On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania & myself, THANK YOU for today's update & GREAT WORK! #SouthernBaptist @SendRelief, @RedCross & @SalvationArmyUS bit.ly/2wZvajV [2034 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
1933,House speaker urges Trump not to scrap 'Dreamers' immigration policy,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan urged President Donald Trump on Friday not to rescind an Obama-era program that protects immigrants who entered the United States illegally as children, as more Republicans lined up against the move. White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said Trump will announce on Tuesday whether he will end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, program, which protects nearly 800,000 young men and women from deportation. It also makes those covered, so-called Dreamers, eligible for work permits. “We love the ‘Dreamers,’” the Republican president, already facing calls from leading business figures and Democrats to preserve the program, told reporters in the Oval Office, without tipping his hand on the decision. Ryan and Senator Orrin Hatch on Friday joined a small but growing number of lawmakers from the party that controls Congress and the White House to speak out against killing DACA, created in 2012 by Democratic former President Barack Obama and long the target of conservative immigration hard-liners. “I actually don’t think he should do that, and I believe that this is something Congress has to fix,” Ryan said in an interview with WCLO radio in his hometown of Janesville, Wisconsin. Ryan said he believes Obama exceeded his authority in creating DACA by executive order, bypassing Congress, but there now are “people who are in limbo.”  “These are kids who know no other country, who were brought here by their parents and don’t know another home. And so I really do believe that there needs to be a legislative solution. That’s one that we’re working on. And I think we want to give people peace of mind,” Ryan added. Nancy Pelosi, the top House Democrat, said she was “heartened” by Ryan’s comments and asked him to meet with Democratic lawmakers next week to discuss a “comprehensive legislative solution.” Hatch said in a statement rescinding the program would further complicate a U.S. immigration system sorely in need of legislative reform. “Like the president, I’ve long advocated for tougher enforcement of our existing immigration laws. But we also need a workable, permanent solution for individuals who entered our country unlawfully as children through no fault of their own and who have built their lives here. And that solution must come from Congress,” the longest-serving Republican senator added. Tennessee’s Republican attorney general, Herbert Slatery, said his office will not participate in a lawsuit challenging DACA that is expected to be filed by a group of Republican state attorneys general next week, and urged Congress to pursue a legislative fix. “Many of the DACA recipients, some of whose records I reviewed, have outstanding accomplishments and laudable ambitions, which if achieved, will be of great benefit and service to our country,” Slatery wrote in a letter to Tennessee’s two Republican U.S. senators. About 200 Dreamers and their supporters turned out on Friday for a rally in downtown Los Angeles to urge national leaders not to end the program.   Among them was Docnary Reyes, 21, who came to the United States from Guatemala with her parents in 1997 when she was a toddler. Before obtaining DACA in 2014, Reyes had to work under-the-table cleaning apartments, she said. Her work authorization allowed her to obtain a paid internship last year working on a project involving cyanobacteria. The Los Angeles resident will continue her education at the University of California, Davis, to study environmental restoration.  “I feel like I really care about our environment and not enough people do,” Reyes said. Trump made a crackdown on illegal immigrants a centerpiece of his 2016 election campaign and has stepped up deportations since taking office in January. But business leaders say immigrants make important economic contributions and that ending the program would hit economic growth and tax revenue. Leading business figures including Facebook Inc (FB.O) CEO Mark Zuckerberg have rallied in defense of the program and the Dreamers. Congress under presidents of both parties has been unable to pass comprehensive immigration reform. Spokeswoman Sanders said Trump, who previously has called DACA illegal, is not taking the decision lightly.  “The president’s priorities on immigration are to create a system that encourages legal immigration and benefits our economy and American workers,” Sanders told a news briefing. Most of the Dreamer immigrants came from Mexico and other Latin American countries. More than 200,000 live in California, while 100,000 are in Texas. New York, Illinois and Florida also have large numbers. What to do about Dreamers has been actively debated within the White House and Trump administration. One senior administration official described the debate as a “tug of war” between factions in favor and against the move. DACA supporters argue that the people it protects grew up and were educated in the United States and were integrated into American society, with little connection to the countries in which they are citizens. Opponents of the program argue that illegal immigrants take jobs from U.S. citizens.  There are deep divisions in the United States over the fate of roughly 11 million illegal immigrants, most of them Hispanics. Trump as a candidate promised to deport all of them. Undoing DACA could have political consequences for Trump and his fellow Republicans, further alienating Hispanics, a growing voting bloc in the United States. Trump’s pardon for an Arizona sheriff who critics accused of targeting Hispanics, his planned wall along the U.S.-Mexican border and his comments about Mexico sending “rapists” and drug dealers into the United States already had antagonized many Hispanic Americans. ",1
1934,Trump nominates Columbia professor Jackson for seat on SEC,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Friday nominated Columbia University law professor Robert Jackson, an advocate for public disclosure of political spending by companies, for a vacant seat on the five-member U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. If the nomination is approved by the U.S. Congress, Jackson would fill a spot reserved for a Democrat. His nomination, announced in a White House statement, follows a July decision by Trump to tap Hester Peirce, a former congressional aide, for a Republican seat on the commission. Approval of the nominees would bring the agency tasked with policing and writing rules for Wall Street to full strength and clear the way for SEC Chairman Jay Clayton to push ahead on an agenda of reducing the regulatory burden on public companies. Jackson is known for his advocacy work in trying to advance new rules at the SEC that would force public companies to disclose their political spending to investors. ",1
1935,Trump to nominate Richard Grenell to be ambassador to Germany,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump intends to nominate former U.N. spokesman Richard Grenell to be U.S. ambassador to Germany, the White House said on Friday. Grenell served as U.S. spokesman at the United Nations from 2001 to 2008, during the administration of Republican President George W. Bush. Currently, Grenell is a contributor to Fox News. His nomination as envoy to NATO ally Germany must be confirmed by the U.S. Senate. ",1
1936,Trump to nominate Juster to be ambassador to India: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will nominate Kenneth Juster to be ambassador to India, the White House said on Friday. Juster was a deputy assistant to Trump for international economic affairs and the deputy director of the National Economic Council until June. From 2001 to 2005 he was under secretary of Commerce under former president George W. Bush.    ",1
1937,Trump's Houston trip will serve as empathy test,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - For a man who prefers to project a glowering brusqueness, Donald Trump’s trip to Houston on Saturday provides him with the opportunity to show a warmer, more empathetic side — and perhaps connect with some Americans critical of his presidency. Trump’s predecessor, Barack Obama, became known as the “comforter-in-chief” for his role in consoling victims of mass shootings and terror attacks. But the flooding caused by Hurricane Harvey marks the first large-scale national tragedy under Trump’s watch. The White House said Trump will first travel to Houston to meet with flood survivors and volunteers who assisted in relief efforts and then will move on to Lake Charles, Louisiana, another area hammered by the storm.  Trump first visited the region on Tuesday, but stayed clear of the disaster zone, saying he did not want to hamper rescue efforts. Instead, he met with cabinet members, state and local leaders, and first responders. He was criticized, however, for not meeting with victims of the worst storm to hit Texas in 50 years, and for largely focusing on the logistics of the government response rather than the suffering of residents.  “That was reasonable criticism,” said Matt Mackowiak, chairman of the Republican Party in Travis County, Texas, who has praised the Trump administration’s handling of the disaster.  More than 1 million people have been displaced by Harvey and up to 50 are feared dead in flooding that paralyzed Houston and swelled river levels to record highs. Saturday’s trip gives Trump a second chance, one Mackowiak said he should take full advantage of. “It’s useful for the president of the United States to have an emotional connection with the country,” he said, adding that it could be “valuable for the half of the country that opposes him right now.” According to the Reuters/Ipsos tracking poll, almost 59 percent of the public disapproves of Trump’s performance as president.  While Obama famously shed tears after the 2012 shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary in Newtown, Connecticut that left 20 children dead, Trump has rarely displayed emotion other than anger at his critics and the news media.  One exception was the chemical attack in April by Syria’s  government that killed more than 70 people, many of them children.  “When you kill innocent children, innocent babies, babies, little babies, with a chemical gas that is so lethal,” Trump said at a press conference after the attack. “That crosses many, many lines.” As a presidential candidate, Trump was lauded by the families of people killed by undocumented immigrants, who said he personally expressed his sympathy for their loss.  But he was widely rebuked for his response to last month’s violence in Charlottesville, Virginia when he appeared to be more interested in apportioning blame and feuding with his detractors than soothing the nerves of a rattled nation.  Trump of course first made his name as a real-estate mogul in Manhattan, branding himself as an expert in steel-eyed negotiation, and then cemented that image with his popular reality TV show, in which he coldly fired contestants unable to measure up.  As a presidential candidate, he frequently exhorted the value of “toughness” and praised business executives who were “killers.” “My sense, based on his life and career, is that he’s not a publicly sympathetic or empathetic individual,” Mackowiak said.  Tony Perkins, a pastor and president of the Family Research Council, a conservative advocacy group, said there is a warmer side to Trump. Perkins accompanied Trump when, as a candidate, he visited with flood victims in rural Louisiana last year. Trump, along with now-Vice President Mike Pence, toured the devastation, handing out bottles of water and diapers.  Perkins said Trump would repeatedly order his caravan to stop so he could talk to survivors. “I saw a very compassionate side to him ... He was visibly impacted by what he saw.” Gerard Landry, the mayor of Denham Springs, Louisiana, a city of 10,000 which saw almost 80 percent of its buildings damaged by the flood, met with Trump at the town high school.  “He shook my hand, grabbed me by the shoulder,” Landry said. “He said, ‘Mr. Mayor, your city is going to come back, and I know you’ll be fine. I know you can do this thing.’” Landry had been expecting the boisterous Trump of his campaign rallies, but found him to be “totally different, down to earth.” Saturday’s trip, Perkins said, affords Trump a moment to show the nation that side of him. “It’s genuine,” Perkins said. “It’s real.” ",1
1938,Huntington Ingalls wins $2.8 billion U.S. defense contract: Pentagon,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Huntington Ingalls Inc is being awarded a $2.8 billion cost-plus-incentive fee contract for USS George Washington refueling complex overhaul, the Pentagon said on Friday.   ",1
1939,"Russia, digesting U.S. diplomatic retaliation, pledges 'harsh' response","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia said on Friday it would respond harshly to any U.S. measures designed to hurt it, a day after the United States told Moscow to close its San Francisco consulate and buildings in Washington and New York. The warning, from Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, came as Russia said it was weighing a response to the U.S. move that will force it to shutter two trade missions in the United States as well as the San Francisco consulate by Sept. 2. “We’ll react as soon as we finish our analysis,” Lavrov told students in Moscow. “We will respond harshly to things that damage us.” Separately, a top Kremlin aide complained the U.S. demarche pushed bilateral ties further into a blind alley and fuelled a spiral of tit-for-tat retaliatory measures. U.S. President Donald Trump took office in January, saying he wanted to improve U.S.-Russia ties which were at a post-Cold War low. But since then, ties have frayed further after U.S. intelligence officials said Russia had meddled in the presidential election, something Moscow denies.  Trump, himself battling allegations his associates colluded with Russia, grudgingly signed new sanctions on Moscow into law this month which had been drawn up by Congress. When it became clear those measures would become law, Moscow ordered the United States to cut its diplomatic and technical staff in Russia by more than half, to 455 people. Lavrov hinted on Friday that Russia might look at ordering further reductions in U.S. embassy staff, suggesting Moscow had been generous last time by allowing Washington to keep “more than 150” extra people. He said Russia had cut the U.S. numbers to tally with the number of Russian diplomats in the United States, but that Moscow had generously included more than 150 Russian staff who work at Russia’s representation office at the United Nations. Lavrov said Moscow still hoped for better relations and blamed Trump’s political foes for the deteriorating situation.       “I want to say that this whole story with exchanging tit-for-tat sanctions was not started by us,” Lavrov said.  “It was started by the Obama administration to undermine U.S.-Russia relations and to not allow Trump to advance constructive ideas or fulfil his pre-election pledges.” Barack Obama, then outgoing president, expelled 35 suspected Russian spies in December and seized two Russian diplomatic compounds. President Vladimir Putin paused before responding, saying he would wait to see how Trump handled Russia.  “We thought this administration could exercise common sense,  but unfortunately the Russophobes in Congress are not allowing it to,” said Lavrov, who complained that the United States had only given Moscow 48 hours to comply with its latest demands. ",1
1940,"U.S. to search Russian consulate in San Francisco, says Moscow","MOSCOW (Reuters) - The U.S. special services have said they will carry out a search of Russia’s consulate building in San Francisco, soon to be closed in retaliation for a similar measure by Russia, a Russian foreign ministry spokeswoman said on Friday. The closure by Sept. 2 of the consulate and buildings in Washington and New York that house Russian trade missions is the latest in tit-for-tat actions by the two countries that have helped push relations to a new post-Cold War low.  In July, Moscow ordered the United States to cut its diplomatic and technical staff in Russia by more than half, to 455 people to match the number of Russian diplomats in the United States, after Congress overwhelmingly approved new sanctions against Russia. “The American special services intend to conduct searches on Sept. 2 in the general consulate in San Francisco, including in the houses of employees who live in the building and who have immunity,” the spokeswoman, Maria Zakharova, said. Families, including children and toddlers, had been told they would have to leave the building for 10-12 hours, she said. Zakharova said Russia reserved the right to take retaliatory measures. The U.S. sanctions were imposed in response to alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and to punish Russia further for its 2014 annexation of Crimea from Ukraine. ",1
1941,Trump will announce decision on immigrant children on Tuesday: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump will announce his decision on Tuesday on whether to rescind the Obama-era policy protecting immigrants who came to the United States illegally as children, the White House said on Friday. “We’re actually going to make that announcement on Tuesday of next week,” said White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders of the so-called Dreamer program. ",1
1942,Trump's tougher immigration policy extends to workers post-Harvey,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration, in line with its tough immigration policy, is keeping red tape in place that could make it harder for immigrants in the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey to find jobs with contractors, a decision critics say is likely to slow the Gulf Coast’s recovery. In the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in 2005, Republican President George W. Bush temporarily exempted employers hiring Katrina victims from verifying that new employees were authorized to work in the United States. The 45-day suspension allowed survivors whose identification documents had been lost during the storm to work while awaiting new ones, but it also allowed undocumented immigrants to quickly find jobs with contractors. U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services said in a statement on Wednesday that while it will expedite the replacement of lost documents for storm victims, employment verification requirements will remain in place, a move that drew both praise and scorn from politicians and others. “With so much rebuilding needed, we should make it easier for folks to get back to work,” said Representative Lloyd Doggett, a Democrat whose constituency includes parts of southeast Texas. “Unfortunately, always overflowing with anti-immigrant hysteria, the Trump administration is choosing red tape and bureaucracy instead of learning lessons from past disasters.” President Donald Trump, a Republican, built a base of support in the 2016  election campaign by vowing to stop people immigrating to the United States illegally and is pushing for a wall to be built along the U.S. border with Mexico. But business leaders say immigrants make important contributions and that any effort to limit their employment will hurt economic growth and tax revenue. Representative Marc Veasey, another Texas Democrat, said the government should not penalize Harvey victims. “Providing employers with temporary leeway will allow Texans to focus on rebuilding their lives and not on pressuring potential employees to provide documents that may have been lost during Hurricane Harvey,” Veasey said. Representative Lamar Smith, a Republican congressman for  south-central Texas, was critical of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) decision in 2005 and thinks it should not be repeated now. Harvey came ashore last Friday as the most powerful storm to hit Texas in 50 years, flooding Houston and driving tens of thousands from their homes before moving to Louisiana. On Thursday, he said Harvey’s destruction “does not mean federal immigration laws should be ignored.” “Nor should regulations that require federal contractors to verify legal work authorization of their employees,” he said in a statement to Reuters. “These policies were put in place to protect American workers and taxpayers.” USCIS referred questions on the decision to Immigration and Customs Enforcement, the division under the DHS that enforces federal immigration policy. ICE spokeswoman Dani Bennett declined to speculate about future policy changes, but said it was not ICE’s intent to conduct immigration enforcement in areas affected by Harvey. Waiving verification requirements after Katrina was aimed at citizens and legal residents who had lost documents in the storm, since employers must verify the identity of all new hires through documents, such as passports, permanent residence cards, or driver’s licenses. But several immigration attorneys said the DHS’ 2005 decision was also a tacit acknowledgment that undocumented immigrants were needed to help the rebuilding. The Pew Research Center estimated last year that 28 percent of Texas’s construction workforce is undocumented, while other studies have put the number as high as 50 percent.  “In certain circumstances those are the people you desperately need to help you do things,” said William J. Manning, an immigration attorney in New York. “This is not the time to get precious about their documentation.” In the days and weeks after Katrina, contractors from inside and outside New Orleans moved to rebuild and take advantage of government reconstruction funds. But the number of workers in construction and related industries in the New Orleans area plummeted just after the hurricane, according to a 2006 Brookings Institution study. The DHS decision, and a separate decision by the Department of Labor to temporarily lift wage restrictions, were part of an effort by the Bush administration to address the labor shortage. Some worry that the Trump administration’s decision will slow down the post-Harvey rebuilding, because employers will struggle to meet the federal documentation requirements in the storm’s aftermath. “Damage is damage, and there are repairs that need to be done,” said Jorge Lopez, an immigration attorney in Florida. “Local folks are trying to hire right away because even with their existing crew they’re not going to have enough people to do all the work that needs to be done.” ",1
1943,White House retreats from government shutdown threat: Washington Post,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House has signaled to congressional Republican leaders that it has pulled back from U.S. President Donald Trump’s threat to shut down the government if a border wall with Mexico is not funded, the Washington Post reported on Friday, citing a senior Republican congressional aide. Trump promised to build a wall with Mexico on the campaign trail. He also threatened recently to shut down the government if Congress did not provide funding for the wall. But shortly after Trump made those comments, White House officials quietly notified Congress that the $1.6 billion would not need to be in a stopgap funding bill meant to fund government operations from October until sometime in early December, a senior GOP congressional aide said, according to the Post. However, Trump still wants wall funding to be included in the December budget bill, the Post said. ",1
1944,House Speaker Ryan says Trump should not rescind immigration program,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Friday President Donald Trump should not rescind an Obama-era program that protects immigrants who entered the country illegally as children, adding that Congress needs to address it. “I actually don’t think he should do that,” Ryan, a Republican, said in an interview with WCLO radio in his hometown of Janesville, Wisconsin. “There needs to be a legislative solution. That’s one that we’re working on. And I think we want to give people peace of mind,” Ryan said of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program created under Democratic former President Barack Obama. ",1
1945,Trump: decision on immigrant children coming Friday or this weekend,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump, who is considering ending a program that allowed young immigrants who came to the United States with their parents illegally to stay in the country, said he would have a decision on the issue later on Friday or over the weekend. “We love the Dreamers,” he told reporters in the Oval Office, referring to the young men and women who are covered by the program known as DACA.  ",1
1946,House Speaker Ryan plans Harvey aid 'installments',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Friday that lawmakers will replenish a federal disaster relief fund to keep federal aid flowing to Hurricane Harvey victims but that full assistance will come from Congress in installments. “We won’t fully know what all is needed for some time. But we do know that the cash drain is fast. And so we’re going to have to do some quick responses,” Ryan said in an interview with WCLO Radio in his hometown of Janesville, Wisconsin. “We’re fashioning legislation right now in concert with the administration to get the resources in the FEMA fund quickly so that that fund stays full and doesn’t run out, while the larger assessment is done.”  ",1
1947,New Jersey Senator Menendez fails to win breaks in corruption trial,"(Reuters) - A federal judge has rejected Senator Robert Menendez’s request to allow breaks in his corruption trial beginning next Wednesday so the New Jersey Democrat could travel to Washington to cast critical Senate votes. In a decision made public on Friday, U.S. District Judge William Walls in Newark, New Jersey, rejected Menendez’s claim that he deserved special treatment because he had a “constitutional duty” to be in Washington for his constituents. Walls said he suspected the request was part of a strategy to “impress the jurors” with Menendez’s importance, but that it was speculative to suggest the senator would miss key votes. “The court will not serve as concierge to any party or lawyer,” Walls wrote. “The motion - from a practical perspective - is nigh frivolous.” Abbe Lowell, a lawyer for Menendez, did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The senator’s press secretary had no immediate comment. Menendez, 63, is charged with accepting improper campaign donations and gifts, including luxury trips and private jet flights, from co-defendant Salomon Melgen in exchange for lobbying on the wealthy Florida ophthalmologist’s behalf. Both men have pleaded not guilty to fraud and bribery. Menendez is running for a third Senate term next year. The senator had sought permission to pause the expected six- to eight-week trial for such votes as raising the federal debt ceiling, rewriting the tax code, and renewing the National Flood Insurance Program, for people like victims of Hurricane Harvey. But the judge said Menendez deserved “no more and no less deference than any other defendant,” and that college professors, construction workers, and even orthopedic surgeons needed in the operating room would not be excused. Walls also said requiring him to decide when to stop the trial for key votes would force him to make “explicitly political determinations” and improperly thrust him into the legislative process. “There is no possibility that the defendant will be subjected to a facially unconstitutional trial,” Walls wrote. “He merely faces the reality, clearly contemplated by the Founders, that criminal prosecution may interrupt congressional duties.” If Menendez were convicted and forced from the Senate  while New Jersey Governor Chris Christie was still in office, the Republican could appoint a replacement and add to the GOP’s thin Senate majority. Christie’s term ends on Jan. 16, 2018. The case is U.S. v. Menendez et al, U.S. District Court, District of New Jersey, No. 15-cr-00155. ",1
1948,Treasury watchdog reviewing Mnuchin's solar eclipse trip,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A federal watchdog said on Friday it was reviewing the circumstances surrounding U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin’s controversial flight last month to Kentucky, where he spoke to business leaders and viewed the solar eclipse. “Responding to inquiries received from members of the public, we are reviewing the circumstances of the Secretary’s August 21 flight to Louisville and Ft. Knox to determine whether all applicable travel, ethics, and appropriation laws and policies were observed,” Rich Delmar, counsel to the Treasury’s Office of Inspector General, said in a statement. Mnuchin, a former hedge fund manager, and his wife, actress Louise Linton, traveled on a U.S. government plane to Kentucky where they viewed the Aug. 21 solar eclipse with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and others. Linton posted a photo of herself on social media getting off the plane and listing the designer brands she was wearing, triggering criticism over the display of wealth and privilege. The Washington Post, which first reported the review, said Democratic Senator Ron Wyden last week requested a “detailed explanation” of the travel and justification for use of the government aircraft. An independent watchdog group, Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, also had sought records of the trip, saying it seemed to have been planned to enable Mnuchin to be at a site that had views of the total eclipse. The eclipse visible in Washington only obscured about 80 percent of the sun. The Post said Treasury secretaries and other Cabinet members not involved in national security have traditionally flown on government aircraft on rare occasions, usually taking commercial flights for domestic travel.     Treasury officials have said the trip was official government travel, with Mnuchin speaking to Louisville business leaders before visiting Fort Knox, where a large portion of the U.S. gold reserves are held. Delmar said the Office of Inspector General was looking into various issues raised by the flight. “When our review is complete, we will advise the appropriate officials, in accordance with the Inspector General Act and established procedures,” he said in the statement. ",1
1949,Kremlin says U.S. closure of consulate fuels U.S.-Russia tensions,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Friday that a U.S. decision to close Russia’s San Francisco consulate and buildings in Washington and New York pushed bilateral ties further into a blind alley and fueled a spiral of tit-for-tat retaliatory measures. The United States on Thursday ordered Russia to close the facilities by Sept. 2 in retaliation for Moscow cutting the U.S. diplomatic presence in Russia. “The new steps push our bilateral relations even further into a dead end and contradict other high level announcements ,” Kremlin foreign policy aide Yuri Ushakov told a news briefing when asked about the closures. “There have been words, but there’s no readiness to cooperate yet. This is about further escalating tensions. We regret this and will calmly think about how we might respond.” Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said earlier on Friday that Moscow would respond harshly to U.S. measures it deemed damaging. Moscow last month ordered the United States to cut its diplomatic and technical staff in Russia by more than half, to 455 people to match the number of Russian diplomats in the United States, after Congress overwhelmingly approved new sanctions against Russia. ",1
1950,Trump's expected repeal of Dreamer program draws fire from business,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump is expected to rescind an Obama administration policy that protects from deportation nearly 800,000 immigrants who as children entered the country illegally, setting the stage for a fight with U.S. business leaders and lawmakers over tough immigration policy. A senior administration official told Reuters on Thursday that the plan could be announced as early as Friday and that Trump would let the so-called Dreamers stay until their work permits expire.  Trump has promised to crack down on illegal immigration to give more jobs to Americans. But business leaders say the Dreamers make important economic contributions and that ending the program will hit economic growth and tax revenue. The technology industry quickly mobilized opposition, as it did to Trump’s travel ban in January for visitors from Muslim-majority countries. Microsoft Corp President Brad Smith said the country cannot afford to “lose the tremendous talent of these individuals.” On Capitol Hill, Democratic lawmakers and a handful of Republicans urged Trump not to scrap the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA), or “Dreamers” program.  “@POTUS must uphold pledge 2 treat #DREAMers with “great heart” + give these young folks certainty 2 stay in US, the only country they know,” U.S. Representative Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, a Florida Republican who is Cuban-American, said on Twitter.     Trump, a Republican, had pledged on the election campaign trail to scrap all of Democratic former President Barack Obama’s executive orders on immigration.  What to do about the so-called Dreamers has been actively debated within the White House and Trump administration. One senior administration official described the debate as a “tug of war” between factions in favor of the move and those opposed. Officials, believing the DACA program to be ultimately unconstitutional, want Congress to impose a legislative fix for the Dreamers, two officials said. White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters that Trump and his senior advisers were still reviewing the DACA program and that the president not made a final decision on how to proceed.  Asked whether Trump still stood by a comment in February about treating Dreamers “with heart,” Sanders said: “Absolutely, the president stands by his statement.” The overwhelming majority of the Dreamer immigrants came from Mexico and other Latin American countries. Over 200,000 of them live in California, while 100,000 are in Texas, which is struggling to recover from Hurricane Harvey. New York, Illinois and Florida also have large numbers of DACA recipients. Microsoft’s Smith said in a blog post on Thursday that the company knows of 27 employees who are DACA beneficiaries, including software engineers, finance professionals and sales associates.  “These employees, along with other DREAMers, should continue to have the opportunity to make meaningful contributions to our country’s strength and prosperity,” Smith wrote. In addition, a letter being circulated among tech companies obtained by Reuters expressed concern over the threatened demise of DACA, calling Dreamers vital to the economy. Executives from Microsoft, Lyft, Uber and other prominent firms have signed onto the letter, a source familiar with the situation said. “With them, we grow and create jobs,” the letter said. “They are part of why we will continue to have a global competitive advantage.” U.S. Representative Mike Coffman, a Colorado Republican who is a centrist, announced on Twitter that he will attempt to force a vote on bipartisan legislation that would protect from deportation immigrants who entered the country illegally as children. “#DACA participants grew up here, went to school here, and should be allowed to stay here. The time has come to take action,” Coffman wrote on Twitter. Coffman introduced his bill earlier this year, along with Democratic Representative Luis Gutierrez. It is a companion bill to legislation introduced in the Senate by the chamber’s number two Democrat, Dick Durbin, and Republican Lindsey Graham. Ten Republican state attorneys general in June urged the Trump administration to rescind the DACA program, while noting that the government did not have to revoke permits that had already been issued. If the federal government did not withdraw DACA by Sept. 5, the attorneys general said they would file a legal challenge to the program in a Texas federal court. The effort was led by Texas and joined by state attorneys general in Alabama, Arkansas, Idaho, Kansas, Louisiana, Nebraska, South Carolina, Tennessee and West Virginia. Kayleigh Lovvorn, a spokeswoman for Texas attorney general, on Thursday said her office has no plans to push back the Sept. 5 date. A larger coalition of 26 Republican attorneys general had challenged the Obama-era policy covering illegal immigrant parents, known as DAPA, that had been blocked by the courts before it took effect. The Department of Homeland Security rescinded that policy earlier this year. Immigrants who entered the country illegally as children have been able to qualify for DACA if they were under the age of 31 when the program began on June 15, 2012. They would have to have entered the United States before they turned 16, however, and to have lived continuously in the country since June 15, 2007. “DACA allowed me to reach my goal of a bachelor’s degree in sociology but I still have dreams of getting my master’s degree and even a doctorate,” said 25-year-old Diana, who immigrated with her parents from Mexico when she was a one year old. She asked that her family name not be used.  “So I’m going to continue moving forward” she added, “and I’m going to keep fighting for my community because it doesn’t end here.”    ",1
1951,Trump to nominate Robert Jackson for seat on SEC: source,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump is expected to nominate Columbia University law professor Robert Jackson to be a member of the Securities and Exchange Commission, a person with knowledge of the matter said on Thursday. Jackson is expected to be formally nominated on Friday, the source said. He would fill a vacant spot reserved for a Democrat on the five-member panel. His appointment follows the administration’s decision to nominate Hester Peirce as a Republican commissioner in July and would bring the SEC to full strength and paving the way for Chairman Jay Clayton to push ahead on an agenda of reducing public companies’ regulatory burdens. Jackson could not be reached for comment on Thursday. Jackson is known for his advocacy work in trying to advance new rules at the SEC that would force public companies to disclose their political spending to investors. ",1
1952,Factbox: Trump on Twitter (Aug 31) -  Texas,"The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - THANK YOU to all of the incredible HEROES in Texas. America is with you! #TexasStrong [1606 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
1953,White House vows quick action as Harvey aid estimates soar,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Estimates of the size of a Hurricane Harvey aid package for Texas and Louisiana rose on Thursday, with one proposal being drafted for $150 billion, while the White House promised to make a request for funding soon to Congress. The Trump administration will make a request to the U.S. Congress shortly for funds to help recovery efforts from Harvey, which caused devastating flooding, White House homeland security adviser Tom Bossert said. He told reporters that an aid funding request will likely come in stages as more is known about the storm’s impact. Trump has prepared a request to Congress for an initial $5.9 billion in aid, an administration official said.  U.S. taxpayers are likely to face a bill for Harvey near the $110.2 billion for 2005’s Hurricane Katrina. Estimates on the amount of the Harvey aid varied widely. Representative Sheila Jackson Lee, a Democrat from Houston, was crafting legislation for $150 billion in emergency funding through nearly two-dozen government agencies and departments.  Texas Governor Greg Abbott said on Wednesday the state could need more than $125 billion. Figures of $50 billion to $80 billion were cited by Republican Representatives Pete Sessions of Texas and Leonard Lance of New Jersey on Fox Business Network. The Federal Emergency Management Agency’s disaster relief fund had only $3.3 billion when the storm struck. A Republican leadership source said Congress was expected to consider and vote on an initial allocation of Harvey aid in the first half of September. The urgency of aiding areas hit by Harvey may also complicate a broader fiscal policy showdown that is coming in late September. When Harvey plowed into the Texas coast this week, Congress and President Donald Trump were already struggling to deal with the debt ceiling, which is a cap on how much money the federal government can borrow, and the need to approve a temporary federal budget bill by Oct. 1 to prevent a government shutdown. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin told broadcaster CNBC on Thursday that the impact of Hurricane Harvey spending could bring forward the deadline by which the nation’s debt ceiling needs to be raised by “a couple of days.” He repeated that the limit needs to be raised by Sept. 29 Financial markets have been anxious about the possibility of the debt ceiling not being raised, which could cause a U.S. credit default and send economic shockwaves worldwide. A Trump administration official and a prominent House of Representatives conservative both said on Thursday that hurricane aid funding should not be tied to the debt limit. Bossert said the administration wants a “clean” disaster relief supplemental measure, free of unrelated measures, including any effort to raise the federal debt ceiling.  Representative Mark Meadows, the Republican chairman of the conservative House Freedom Caucus, told the Washington Post that attaching Harvey aid to a debt-ceiling increase would be a “terrible idea ... conflating two very different issues.” Meadows told the Post, “We’re going to fund Harvey relief without a doubt, but I think it just sends the wrong message when you start attaching it to the debt ceiling.” That left open the possibility that the aid package could be linked to a broad, short-term budget measure that must pass by Oct. 1 to prevent a government shutdown. The prospect of that linkage was seen as making a government shutdown less likely because of the urgency of getting aid to hurricane-hit areas, and that has been reassuring to financial markets. Asked if there was still a chance of a shutdown, House tax committee Chairman Kevin Brady told Fox News Channel on Thursday, “We are going to keep this government open, we are going to pay our debts on time.” ",1
1954,Factbox: Trump's conflicting views on Obama Dreamer policy,"(Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump is expected to soon end an Obama-era policy that protects nearly 800,000 immigrants who entered the country illegally as children, a senior administration official said on Thursday. In the past, Trump has sometimes seemed supportive of the program, known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA. At other times he blasted it. Following are some of Trump’s comments on the so-called Dreamer policy: February 16, 2017, news conference at the White House - “We’re gonna show great heart, DACA is a very, very difficult subject for me, I will tell you. To me, it’s one of the most difficult subjects I have because you have these incredible kids. In many cases, not in all cases. And some of the cases, having DACA and they’re gang members and they’re drug dealers, too. But you have some absolutely, incredible kids, I would say mostly. They were brought here in such a way - it’s a very - it’s a very, very tough subject. We’re gonna deal with DACA with heart.... But the DACA situation is a very, very - it’s a very difficult thing for me because you know, I love these kids, I love kids, I have kids and grandkids. And I find it very, very hard doing what the law says exactly to do and you know, the law is rough.”  November 28, 2016, interview with TIME Magazine - “We’re going to work something out that’s going to make people happy and proud.... They got brought here at a very young age, they’ve worked here, they’ve gone to school here. Some were good students. Some have wonderful jobs. And they’re in never-never land because they don’t know what’s going to happen.”  February 15, 2016, press conference in Hanahan, S.C. - “Wait, you mentioned dreamers. I want dreamers to come from the United States. I want the people in the United States that have children, I want them to have dreams also. We’re always talking about dreamers for other people. I want the children that are growing up in the United States to be dreamers also. They’re not dreaming right now.”  August 16, 2015, NBC’s “Meet the Press” - “We’re going to keep the families together. We have to keep the families together...But they have to go...We will work with them. They have to go. Chuck, we either have a country, or we don’t have a country. Either we have a country or not.”  ",1
1955,Ex-military officials urge U.S. judge to halt Trump's transgender ban,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Three high-ranking military officials from the Obama administration on Thursday joined several transgender service members in urging a U.S. judge to halt President Donald Trump’s ban on transgender people serving in the military. The former secretaries of the Army, Navy and Air Force – including former Army Secretary Eric Fanning, the first openly gay head of any U.S. military service – submitted sworn statements to a Washington, D.C., federal court in support of a motion for an immediate injunction. The new filings came as part of a lawsuit challenging the ban, which Trump first announced in a series of tweets earlier this month. The move would reverse former President Barack Obama’s order that allowed transgender people to serve openly without fear of losing their jobs. “The ban marks transgender service members as unequal and dispensable, stigmatizing them in the eyes of their fellow service members and depriving them of the unique honor and status associated with uniformed service to their country,” the motion said. Trump has said the ban would ensure unit cohesion and readiness. A White House spokeswoman did not immediately comment on Thursday. In their statements, the former U.S. military officials said the armed forces studied the issue extensively and concluded that allowing transgender people to serve would have no impact on the military’s capabilities. They also echoed the plaintiffs’ concern that transgender service members who relied on the Obama-era policy to disclose their status could now face discharge. “Dramatically reversing course and now using that information as a basis for separating these soldiers from their service is an unprecedented betrayal of the trust that is so essential to achieving the mission of all of the armed forces,” Fanning wrote. In a memorandum last week, Trump directed the military not to accept transgender recruits and not to pay for sex reassignment surgeries for active personnel. White House officials have not made clear whether the directive would allow active transgender members to continue serving. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis on Tuesday said the Obama administration’s policy would remain in place until a panel of experts provided him with recommendations regarding Trump’s directive, after which he would offer his own advice to the president. The lawsuit’s plaintiffs include five active service members, who filed anonymously, as well as a current naval student and a first-year college student enrolled in the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. Two other lawsuits challenging the ban were filed earlier this week by civil rights groups. ",1
1956,Hurricane Harvey could push forward U.S. debt ceiling deadline: Mnuchin,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Thursday that Hurricane Harvey could bring forward the deadline by which the nation’s debt ceiling needs to be raised and that he is open to the borrowing cap being dealt with as part of a wider bill.    “We obviously have now the hurricane spending, which is an issue. So that’s going to have some impact on our September spending,” Mnuchin said in a interview with broadcaster CNBC, adding that it could affect the debt ceiling deadline by a couple of days. He also said projections may move around once the Treasury receives corporate tax receipts on Sept. 15. The U.S. government has a statutory limit on how much money it can borrow to cover the budget deficit that results from Washington spending more than it collects in taxes. Only Congress can raise that limit. Mnuchin told lawmakers in July they needed to raise the debt limit by Sept 29, otherwise the U.S. government might not have enough money to pay all its bills. Yields on U.S. Treasury bills maturing in the first two weeks of October shot up by between 4 and 5 basis points each following Mnuchin’s comments. The moves reflect some concern in the short-term Treasury securities market that lawmakers might not raise the limit in time. Mnuchin’s comments came as financial firms fear that the U.S. Congress may fail to reach a deal to raise the country’s debt limit. The Treasury chief appeared open to the possibility of raising the debt ceiling as part of a larger bill in Congress.  Asked if he would support the debt ceiling being tied to a bill on Hurricane Harvey relief in Congress, he said while his preference was a ‘clean’ increase “at the end of the day, it’s all about raising it. If they want to raise it and attach it to something, that’s fine with me as well.” Mnuchin said he was having discussions on the debt cap with both Republican and Democrat leaders and he remained “very confident” the ceiling would be raised. Separately, Mnuchin suggested the Trump administration’s position on financial regulation reform was not overly distant from that of the nation’s central bank. Last week Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen warned against rolling back reforms introduced following the 2007 to 2009 crisis, and said any changes should be modest. “We are working on a lot of things together with the Fed and see many aspects of [regulation] the same way,” Mnuchin said. President Donald Trump has yet to decide whether to renominate Yellen when her term as chair ends in February. Gary Cohn, the former Goldman Sachs president who is now Trump’s chief economic advisor, is also seen as a strong contender. Mnuchin, who is involved in the selection process, declined to comment on the possible frontrunners but said that he and Yellen, who meet on a weekly basis for breakfast, “have a very constructive dialog on a lot of issues, including regulation.” ",1
1957,White House still reviewing DACA program for immigrant children: adviser,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration is still reviewing the Obama-era program that protects immigrants who entered the country illegally as children, White House homeland security adviser Tom Bossert told reporters on Thursday. A senior administration official said earlier on Thursday that President Donald Trump was expected to rescind the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or “Dreamers,” program. Trump’s decision could be announced as early as Friday but could also come next week, the official said.    ",1
1958,"U.S. retaliates against Russia, orders closure of consulate, annexes","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States has told Russia to close its consulate in San Francisco and buildings in Washington and New York that house trade missions, the State Department said on Thursday, in retaliation for Moscow cutting the U.S. diplomatic presence in Russia. The announcement was the latest in tit-for-tat measures between the two countries that have helped to drive relations to a new post-Cold War low, thwarting hopes on both sides that they might improve after U.S. President Donald Trump took office in January. Last month, Moscow ordered the United States to cut its diplomatic and technical staff in Russia by more than half, to 455 people to match the number of Russian diplomats in the United States, after Congress overwhelmingly approved new sanctions against Russia. The sanctions were imposed in response to Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election and to punish Russia further for its 2014 annexation of Crimea from Ukraine. “We believe this action was unwarranted and detrimental to the overall relationship between our countries,” State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said in a statement on Thursday, adding that the United States had completed the reduction. “In the spirit of parity invoked by the Russians,” Nauert said, the United States has required the Russian government to close its San Francisco consulate and two annexes in Washington, D.C. and New York by Sept. 2. The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the decision. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson informed Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov of the closures in a phone call on Thursday, a senior Trump administration official said. The two men plan to meet on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly in September, the official said. Lavrov expressed regret about Washington’s decision during the phone call with Tillerson, his ministry said. “Moscow will closely study the new measures announced by the Americans, after which our reaction will be conveyed,” the Russian foreign ministry said in a statement. The latest U.S. move caps eight months of back-and-forth retaliatory measures between the two countries spanning two U.S. administrations. In December, the administration of Barack Obama closed two Russian countryside vacation retreats in Maryland and New York, saying the compounds had been used for intelligence-related purposes. The closures were part of a broader response, including the expulsion of 35 suspected Russian spies, to what U.S. officials have called cyber interference by Moscow in the 2016 elections. The Kremlin has denied the allegations. Trump came into office wanting to improve relations with Russia, a desire that was hamstrung by the election interference allegations. The new sanctions passed by Congress conflicted with Trump’s goals, but he grudgingly signed them into law this month. The United States said last week that it would have to sharply scale back visa services in Russia, a move that will hit Russian business travelers, tourists and students. The Russian consulate in San Francisco handles work from seven states in the Western United States. There are three other Russian consulates separate from the embassy in Washington. They are in New York, Seattle and Houston. The consulate in San Francisco is the oldest and most established of Russia’s consulates in the United States, the senior Trump administration official told reporters. An official residence at the consulate will also be closed. No Russian diplomats are being expelled, and the diplomats assigned to San Francisco can be re-assigned to other posts in the United States, the official said. The Russians can continue to retain ownership of any of the closed facilities, or sell them, but will not be allowed to carry out diplomatic activities there, the official said. “Even after these closures, Russia will still maintain more diplomatic and consular annexes in the United States than we have in Russia,” the official said. “We’ve chosen to allow the Russian government to maintain some of its annexes in an effort to arrest the downward spiral in our relationship.” ",1
1959,Mattis signs orders to send additional troops to Afghanistan,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Thursday he had signed orders to send additional troops to Afghanistan, the most concrete step yet by President Donald Trump’s administration in tackling America’s longest war. Mattis did not specify the size of the force, which will help combat Taliban insurgents and other armed Islamists.      “Yes, I have signed orders but it is not complete. In other words I have signed some of the (orders for) troops that will go and we are identifying the specific ones,” Mattis told reporters. Mattis said he would not comment on how many additional troops were included in the orders until he briefs Congress next week, but U.S. officials have told Reuters that Trump has given Mattis the authority to send about 4,000 additional troops to Afghanistan.  “It is more advisers, it is more enablers, fire support, for example,” Mattis said. He added that no additional troops had moved in yet and could take a “couple of days.” After a months-long review of his Afghanistan policy, Trump committed the United States last week to an open-ended conflict in the country and promised a stepped-up campaign against Afghan Taliban insurgents. About 11,000 U.S. troops are serving in Afghanistan, the Pentagon said on Wednesday, thousands more than it has previously stated.     Mattis said that the make up of those U.S. forces in Afghanistan would also start changing in line with Trump’s guidance.  Any increase of several thousand troops would leave U.S. forces in Afghanistan well below their peak of more than 100,000 troops in 2011, when Washington was under huge domestic political pressure to draw down the costly operation. Some U.S. officials have told Reuters they questioned the benefit of sending more troops to Afghanistan because any politically palatable number would not be enough to turn the tide, much less create stability and security. To date, more than 2,300 Americans have been killed and over 17,000 wounded in Afghanistan. The security situation in Afghanistan has deteriorated for the United States and Afghan government over the past few years. The Afghan government was assessed by the U.S. military to control or influence almost 60 percent of Afghanistan’s 407 districts as of Feb. 20, a nearly 11 percentage-point decrease from the same time in 2016, according to data released by the U.S. Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction.  Earlier this month, the Taliban told Trump in an open letter that the military situation in Afghanistan was “far worse than you realize”, and sending in more troops would be self-destructive. The Taliban, seeking to restore strict Islamic law, has waged an insurgency against the Western-backed Afghan government since losing power in a U.S.-led invasion after the Sept. 11 attacks in 2001. Those attacks were planned by al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden from a base in Afghanistan. ",1
1960,House to vote on self-driving car legislation next week,"(Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives will vote Wednesday on a sweeping proposal to speed the deployment of self-driving cars without human controls and bar states from blocking autonomous vehicles, congressional aides said. The bill, which was passed unanimously by a House panel in July, would allow automakers to obtain exemptions to deploy up to 25,000 vehicles without meeting existing auto safety standards in the first year, a cap that would rise to 100,000 vehicles annually over three years. Automakers and technology companies including General Motors Co and Alphabet Inc’s’ self-driving unit Waymo have been pushing for new federal rules making it easier to deploy self-driving technology. Meanwhile, some consumer groups have sought additional safeguards.  The bill will be voted under fast-track rules that do not allow for amendments. A bipartisan group of U.S. senators has been working on similar legislation but has not introduced a bill. “Self-driving vehicles stand to make our transportation system safer and more efficient. Advancing this technology to road-ready requires government policy that encourages continued testing and development,” House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, a Republican, said in a statement. “This formula is the foundation for what makes America the most innovative country in the world.”   The Alliance of Automobile Manufacters, a trade group, said in a statement that “Congress can bring a host of benefits to Americans by helping to bring self-driving vehicles to our roads as quickly as possible.” Republicans Representatives Greg Walden and Robert Latta said in a joint statement the “vote will pave the way for the safe testing, development, and deployment of self-driving cars across the U.S.” The issue has taken on new urgency since U.S. road deaths rose 7.7 percent in 2015, the highest annual jump since 1966. Automakers and technology companies believe chances are good that Congress will approve legislation before year end. Current federal rules bar self-driving cars without human controls on U.S. roads and automakers think proposed state rules in California are too restrictive. The measure, the first significant federal legislation aimed at speeding self-driving cars to market, would require automakers to submit safety assessment reports to regulators, but would not require pre-market approval of advanced vehicle technologies. Initially, authors proposed to allow automakers and others to sell up to 100,000 vehicles immediately. Representative Frank Pallone, a Democrat, said the phase-in period was essential so “millions of exempted cars will not hit our roads all at once.” Manufacturers must demonstrate self-driving cars winning exemptions are at least as safe as existing vehicles. Under the House proposal, states could still set rules on registration, licensing, liability, insurance and safety inspections, but could not set self-driving car performance standards. Consumer advocates have sought more changes, including giving the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration quicker access to crash data and more funding to oversee self-driving cars.    ",1
1961,Russia says regrets over U.S. moves on consulate closure,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov expressed regret during a phone call with his U.S. counterpart Rex Tillerson about Washington’s move to close down Moscow’s San Francisco consulate and two other annexes, his ministry said.  “Moscow will closely study the new measures announced by the Americans, after which our reaction will be conveyed,” Russian foreign ministry said in a statement. ",1
1962,U.S. government may provide up to $80 billion in Harvey aid: Texas congressman,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. government could provide up to $80 billion in aid to victims of Hurricane Harvey, only a fraction of what the total impact could be from the storm, Texas Representative Pete Sessions said on Thursday. “(People) think the federal government is going to pay for this. In fact ... it may be $60, 70, 80 billion, but it’s a $1 trillion impact,” Sessions told Fox Business Network. He did not specify what he meant by impact and all damage estimates remain preliminary. ",1
1963,U.S. states hit back at EPA chief over climate rule guidance,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic state officials blasted the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency on Thursday for telling governors in what they describe as a “legally incorrect” letter in March that they do not need to comply with a major climate change regulation. Fourteen Democratic attorneys general and officials from six cities and counties said the guidance that EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt sent to states on March 30 was misleading because the Clean Power Plan enacted under former President Barack Obama, a Democrat, remains on the books despite the Republican Trump administration’s plans to unravel it.  The Clean Power Plan was aimed at curbing carbon emissions from power plants. It never took effect because the Supreme Court put it on hold in February 2016. The state officials said the regulation “remains the law of the land” even if it is currently on hold and that Pruitt’s “unsolicited legal advice” to governors was “premature and legally incorrect.” They called for Pruitt to retract his letter.  The move is the latest tussle between Democrats who back the regulation and the new administration, conservative states and the coal industry, which oppose it. “Scott Pruitt cannot simply wish away the facts by giving governors bad legal advice,” New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman said in a statement. “We’ll continue to fight to ensure that the federal government fulfills its legal responsibility to New Yorkers’ health and environment.”  An EPA spokesman was not immediately available for comment. Pruitt said in his guidance that because the case is on hold, “states and other interested parties have neither been required nor expected to work towards meeting the compliance dates,” which were deadlines set for states as part of their implementation of the rule. A legal challenge to the regulation brought by 27 conservative-leaning states remains pending at the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.  The court has delayed issuing a ruling in the case due to the administration’s plan to reconsider the regulation. President Donald Trump, a Republican, signed an executive order in March ordering the agency to consider rescinding the rule. Schneiderman and other state officials also questioned why Pruitt sent the letter since he has said he would recuse himself in his current role. The former Oklahoma attorney general had participated in the challenge.  State attorneys general have had some success in battling back against agencies’ plans to roll back Obama-era climate regulations. ",1
1964,Judge blocks provisions in Texas law punishing 'sanctuary cities',"AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - A U.S. judge on Wednesday blocked sections of a Texas law intended to punish so-called “sanctuary cities”, regarded as soft on immigration, in a ruling handed down two days before the law was due to come into effect. Chief U.S. District Judge Orlando Garcia in San Antonio’s federal court found the Texas legislation was unlikely to withstand constitutional scrutiny. The judge’s ruling temporarily blocks part of the law that would require local law enforcement agencies in Texas to fulfill requests by U.S. immigration agents to hold immigrants in their jails until they can be picked up for deportation.  It also strikes down a provision that would have prevented local officials from adopting policies that might limit immigration enforcement in the state.  “The court cannot and does not second-guess the legislature, Garcia wrote in a 94-page decision. “However, the state may not exercise its authority in a manner that violates the United States Constitution.” The decision in Texas could have ramifications nationwide as other Republican-controlled states are looking at legislation targeting sanctuary cities, which they say illegally shield immigrants. The Texas law, which takes aim at any jurisdiction that refuses to cooperate with federal immigration authorities, is considered one of the toughest anti-illegal immigration efforts in the country.  The ruling will make Texas communities less safe, Texas Governor Greg Abbott, a Republican, said in a statement.  “This decision will be appealed immediately and I am confident Texas’ law will be found constitutional and ultimately be upheld,” he added. It was the first law of its kind passed since President Donald Trump took office in January, pledging to crack down on illegal immigration. The American Civil Liberties Union challenged the Texas measure in a lawsuit on behalf of some local jurisdictions in the state. “The court was right to strike down virtually all of this patently unconstitutional law,” Lee Gelernt, deputy director of the ACLU’s immigrant rights project, said in a statement.  The impending law added to the anxiety felt by some illegal immigrants forced to evacuate their flooded homes in Houston after Hurricane Harvey struck southeast Texas. Nevertheless, federal agents are not enforcing immigration law at evacuation sites, shelters or food banks where people affected by flooding are seeking aid, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement said in a statement on Wednesday. Some police chiefs have said forcing local police to work with U.S. immigration agents undermines community trust, making immigrants less likely to report crimes. “This week’s crisis with Hurricane Harvey is just the most recent example why people need to feel safe approaching our local police and support groups, no matter what,” Steve Adler, mayor of Texas’ state capital Austin, said in a statement.  ",1
1965,Top advisers in more displays of disagreement with Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Defense Secretary Jim Mattis openly differed with his commander in chief over North Korea on Wednesday, the latest example of a once-rare public display of disagreement by top U.S. aides that has become more frequent under President Donald Trump. “We are never out of diplomatic solutions,” Mattis told reporters, just hours after Trump said in a tweet that “talking is not the answer” to the standoff over North Korea’s nuclear weapons and missile programs. His public contradiction of Trump’s position came a day after the Pentagon chief, a retired four-star Marine general,   appeared to delay implementation of Trump’s decision to ban transgender people from enlisting in the military. Mattis was also among the senior aides, including Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and White House economic adviser Gary Cohn, who implicitly criticized the Republican president’s response to violence at a rally organized by white nationalists in Charlottesville, Virginia, earlier this month.  Presidents often disagree with senior advisers over policies or other matters but the differences are usually confined to internal deliberations and become public only through leaks or much later in memoirs, historians and former government officials said. “I haven’t seen a modern president with a pattern of this many high officials saying things like that,” said Michael Beschloss, a presidential historian. Asked in a television interview on Sunday whether Trump’s initial comments blaming “many sides” for the violence in Charlottesville instead of focusing on neo-Nazis and white nationalists raised questions about his values, Tillerson said simply: “The president speaks for himself.”   White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders sought to play down the significance of Tillerson’s comments. “I don’t think anyone has tried to distance themselves. I think that at moments maybe you have people that disagree. I think that’s a healthy thing for you to be able to have productive conversation,” Sanders told reporters on Air Force One on Tuesday. But Beschloss said the differences being aired publicly were notable. “These are people protecting their reputations in real time, and that is something you usually do not see in high-level officials around a president,” he said. Mattis has repeatedly made clear that diplomacy - backed by a credible military option - is the only way to prevent the North Korea crisis from escalating into a potentially devastating conflict. When asked about Mattis’ comments on Wednesday, chief Pentagon spokesperson Dana White said: “Secretary Mattis provides the President with his best advice. It is the President who makes the ultimate decisions.” Leon Panetta, who served as defense secretary and CIA director under former Democratic President Barack Obama, said the airing of differences inside the Trump administration had its roots in the president’s habit of sharing his opinions in Twitter posts. “I think the problem is that they (advisers) are now dealing with a president who tweets his thoughts to the country,” said Panetta, who has said he had his own policy differences with Obama.  “He’s not the kind of individual who sits down with his national security team and tries to work these issues out in a policy process that is confined to the White House.” Earlier this month, a video posted on social media showed Mattis telling U.S. troops that the United States has problems that its military does not have. “You just hold the line until our country gets back to understanding and respecting each other and showing it,” he said.  The impromptu speech, believed to have been made during an Aug. 21 visit to Jordan, came after the violence in Charlottesville in which a woman was killed and many people were injured. Cohn clearly distanced himself from Trump’s comments on the violence, and officials said he considered resigning. “Citizens standing up for equality and freedom can never be equated with white supremacists, neo-Nazis, and the KKK (Ku Klux Klan),” he said in an interview with the Financial Times on Aug. 25. Jennifer Lawless, a professor of government at American University, said it was significant that several of Trump’s advisers distanced themselves from Trump’s comments on Charlottesville. “That makes it very difficult for him” to retaliate against individual advisers, she said. “You can’t go after every single member of your Cabinet. That makes it look like maybe you’ve made wrong choices.” ",1
1966,"Trump touts tax reform, overlooks White House aide Cohn","SPRINGFIELD, Mo. (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump made his first major tax reform speech on Wednesday, but in a long list of thank yous he did not mention Gary Cohn, the White House point man on taxes who traveled with Trump to the event. At a manufacturing company in Springfield, Missouri, Trump reiterated his longstanding call for slashing the U.S. corporate tax rate to 15 percent from 35 percent at a time when lawmakers believe they could be lucky to bring it down to 25 percent. When asked about the omission of Cohn’s name, White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters on Air Force One, en route to Washington from Missouri, that it was customary for Trump to recognize Cabinet members, but not advisers, in speeches. Cohn traveled with Trump on Air Force One for the Missouri speech, in which Trump called on Democrats to join his tax overhaul effort. He said he would cut taxes and simplify the sprawling U.S. tax code for the middle class. But he offered few specifics, and tax reform will be an uphill task in Congress. “We must reduce the tax rate on American businesses so they keep jobs in America, create jobs in America and compete for workers right here in America,” Trump said in his first presidential speech specifically on tax reform, one of his key 2016 campaign issues. Both congressional Democrats and Republicans say tax reform is needed but the Republican goal of enacting legislation this year faces a battle in Congress, which has already failed to deliver on healthcare reform sought by Trump. During his speech, Trump did single out Cabinet members, including Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross and Small Business Administration head Linda McMahon, as well as members of Congress — more than a dozen people in all. He asked his daughter Ivanka Trump, who is not a Cabinet member but is a staff member, to stand and be recognized in his speech at a manufacturing company in Springfield. “Anybody I forgot?” Trump asked.  Cohn, who stood next to the stage during the speech with Sanders, has worked side-by-side for months with Mnuchin developing Trump’s tax reform strategy. “It’s pretty standard practice for us not to specifically call out staff,” Sanders told reporters afterward. “He regularly mentions Cabinet members but very rarely mentions staff in speeches.” Asked if the oversight of Cohn was significant, Sanders said, “Well, look, Gary is here. The president is here. They’re both working hard and extremely committed to providing tax relief for middle-class America. The president has made very clear this is a top priority for him, for his administration, and Gary is one of the people leading the charge.” Cohn recently criticized Trump for his comments about violence at racially charged protests in Virginia earlier this month. Trump blamed “both sides” for the violence in Charlottesville, in which white supremacists and neo-Nazis battled anti-racism protesters. Trump’s comments drew condemnation from both Republicans and Democrats. Cohn told the Financial Times last week that the Trump administration “can and must do better in consistently and unequivocally condemning” hate groups. The former Goldman Sachs executive, who is Jewish, said he had come under “enormous pressure” to resign over Trump’s remarks. TAX REFORM UNLIKELY BEFORE YEAR-END Independent analysts and lobbyists are increasingly pessimistic that Congress can act by the end of 2017, and some believe final tax legislation could be more like a straight tax cut than a reform. “I don’t want to be disappointed by Congress. Do you understand me?” Trump said to cheers. Trump said business tax cuts would lead to higher wages for workers by boosting economic growth and making American companies more competitive, an argument Democrats dismiss as more of the “trickle-down” economics that they blame for leaving workers behind in recent decades. “If President Trump’s previous tax plans are any indication, the wealthy and big corporations will be the ultimate winner,” Representative Richard Neal, the top Democrat on the tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee, said in a statement.                 There has been no comprehensive overhaul of the tax code since 1986. Trump singled out Missouri’s Democratic Senator Claire McCaskill, telling voters to throw her out of office in the 2018 midterm elections if she does not get on board with tax reform. McCaskill’s office did not respond to queries from Reuters about Trump’s remark.  After more than seven months in power, Trump and Republican leaders who control both the U.S. Senate and the House are still far from agreement on a tax package. Initially expected in the spring, tax reform legislation now may not emerge until as late as November, lobbyists say. Trump will discuss a tax overhaul at a White House meeting next Tuesday with the “Big Six” tax reform negotiators: House Speaker Paul Ryan, Mnuchin, Cohn, Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell and the Republican chairmen of two congressional tax committees. ",1
1967,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (Aug 30) - Hurricane Harvey, North Korea, tax reform","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - The U.S. has been talking to North Korea, and paying them extortion money, for 25 years. Talking is not the answer! [0847 EDT] - After witnessing first hand the horror & devastation caused by Hurricane Harvey,my heart goes out even more so to the great people of Texas! [0912 EDT] - After reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines, it makes me wonder, WHY? All I want to do is #MAGA! [0927 EDT]  - Will be leaving for Missouri soon for a speech on tax cuts and tax reform - so badly needed! [0942 EDT] - Texas & Louisiana: We are w/ you today, we are w/ you tomorrow, & we will be w/ you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to restore, recover, & REBUILD! [1538 EDT]  - First responders have been doing heroic work. Their courage & devotion has saved countless lives – they represent the very best of America! bit.ly/2eGG03u [2100 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
1968,"Mueller, New York attorney general cooperating on Manafort probe: Politico","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Special counsel Robert Mueller’s team is working with New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman on its investigation into President Donald Trump’s former campaign manager Paul Manafort and his financial transactions, Politico reported on Wednesday. Citing unnamed people familiar with the matter, Politico reported Mueller’s team, which is investigating possible collusion between Trump’s campaign and Russia, and Schneiderman’s aides have shared evidence and talked frequently about a potential case in recent weeks. The cooperation “could potentially provide Mueller with additional leverage to get Manafort to cooperate in the larger investigation into Trump’s campaign, as Trump does not have pardon power over state crimes,” Politico reported. CNN reported on Tuesday that Mueller had issued subpoenas to an attorney who formerly represented Manafort and to a Manafort spokesman. Manafort’s Virginia apartment was raided by agents with the Federal Bureau of Investigation last month. The longtime political consultant and lobbyist is being investigated for possible money laundering and has been targeted as someone who might testify against former colleagues, two people familiar with Mueller’s work have said. Politico said no decision had been made on whether to file charges, and quoted one of the sources as saying “Nothing is imminent.” Mueller’s team has been looking into Manafort’s lobbying work and financial transactions, including real estate deals in New York. Manafort, who headed Republican Trump’s campaign for several months in 2016, has not been accused of any wrongdoing. Schneiderman, a Democrat, said in May that Trump’s firing of former FBI Director James Comey threatened the integrity of the agency. Trump has called Schneiderman a “lightweight.” Russia has denied any meddling in the 2016 U.S. election. Trump has denied any collusion by his campaign and has condemned the investigation as political witch hunt. ",1
1969,U.S. senator asks FBI to probe Icahn over biofuels push,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A Democratic U.S. senator on Wednesday urged the FBI to investigate whether billionaire investor Carl Icahn broke the law when he called for biofuels policies that would have benefited his investments while serving as an adviser to President Donald Trump. Senator Tammy Duckworth said Icahn’s guidance to Trump on the federal biofuel program may have created a conflict of interest with the oil refining company CVR Energy Inc (CVI.N), in which he has an 82 percent stake.  “It appears Mr. Icahn potentially violated the principal conflict of interest statute,” by participating in a government matter that affects his financial interests, said Duckworth of ethanol-producing Illinois in a letter to the FBI, a copy of which was seen by Reuters. Duckworth said it would set a “dangerous precedent for the FBI to turn a blind eye to suspicious activity” while Icahn was serving as special adviser to the president on regulatory reform.  Icahn ended his adviser role on Aug. 18 after facing criticism that his policy recommendations could benefit his investments. Icahn was one of the loudest critics of the federal biofuels program called the Renewable Fuel Standard. As a Trump advisor, he urged the administration to change the standard so oil refiners would be freed from having to blend biofuels such as ethanol into gasoline. Such a move, if enacted, would have shifted responsibility for biofuels down the fuel supply chain, saving refiners hundreds of millions of dollars a year. Jesse Lynn, general counsel for Icahn, said in an emailed statement: “As we’ve said numerous times, and the White House has confirmed, Mr. Icahn at no point was an employee or had any policymaking role with the Trump Administration.”  The FBI did not immediately respond to a request for comment about the letter. ",1
1970,Financial firms fear turmoil over fraught U.S. debt ceiling talks,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Financial firms are sounding alarm bells and dusting off contingency plans over fears an increasingly dysfunctional U.S. Congress may fail to reach a deal to raise the country’s debt limit. Several lobbyists, representing dozens of bankers, investors and credit rating agencies, told Reuters they are worried that dynamics at play in Washington –  a bitterly divided Republican party and unpredictable President Donald Trump – could rule out a deal before an October deadline.  Policymakers have vowed to provide disaster relief to areas affected by Hurricane Harvey, boosting hopes the debt limit battle could be included in an agreement on a legislative package. But the acrimonious atmosphere following Trump’s remarks about the Charlottesville protests this month, which cost him key backers in the business community and raised worries about his ability to broker a deal, still lingers. The debt ceiling is a legal cap on how much money the government can borrow to fund its budget deficits and meet debt obligations. Failure to raise it from the current $19.8 trillion could lead to default, sending shockwaves across global markets. “The stakes here are incredibly high. The economic impact associated with debt default is so immense,” said Rob Nichols, president and CEO of the American Bankers Association (ABA), one of the country’s key financial lobby groups.  “We’re monitoring this extremely closely and we will mobilize as needed throughout September.” While leading lawmakers and the administration have pledged it will get done, some corners of financial markets are already on edge. After all, Goldman Sachs estimated that failure to lift the cap would force a government spending cut equal to between 3 and 4 percent of U.S. gross domestic product, which would have crippling economic consequences. Moreover, previous debt limit negotiations went down to the wire, and the now-notorious 2011 standoff led S&P Global Ratings to downgrade U.S. sovereign debt for the first time. The episode wiped $2.4 trillion off U.S. stocks.  The Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (SIFMA), a trade group representing hundreds of financial firms, said it had reprised contingency plans drawn-up during the previous showdowns and was working with firms to prepare for extreme volatility in the event of a default. These plans aim to ensure firms have enough technology capacity, staff and cash to handle high trading volumes.  A separate plan being reviewed by another trade organization, the Treasury Market Practices Group (TMPG), includes protocols for trading in defaulted Treasuries, according to information on its website. SIFMA is also planning for that.  “We want to make sure we’re on the same page and prepared, should anything happen,” said Robert Toomey, SIFMA’s managing director and associate counsel. “We believe this will get done, but we still have to prepare for it notwithstanding.” A spokesman for the TMPG was not immediately available for comment.  Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin has urged Congress to raise the cap by Sept. 29 and said last week he was “100 percent confident” this would happen. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan have also promised the United States would not default But Wall Street players, who are highly exposed to any potential market mayhem, are worried Mnuchin and McConnell will not be able to get a divided Republican party to play ball. Many conservative Republicans have indicated they will only vote for a debt limit bill that contains promises of federal spending cuts, meaning Trump, Mnuchin and McConnell will likely need Democrat votes to get the bill through. The president is also seen as a wild card after he failed to denounce Nazi sympathizers at protests in Charlottesville. This, combined with his attacks on members of his own party, has raised questions over Trump’s ability to build consensus on the debt limit, one bank lobbyist said. “Everyone is very worried,” he added.  Trump last week tweeted that the ceiling was “now a mess” blaming Ryan and McConnell. “He took the two people he has to count on for this, and smack[ed] them around. It’s going to make it harder,” said Steve Bell, a former Republican director of the Senate Budget Committee and now director at the Bipartisan Policy Center, referring to Trump’s tweet.  The White House did not respond to a request for comment. Industry executives also point to an understaffed Treasury, which has yet to hold meetings with banks and investors - a tactic used by the Obama administration to calm Wall Street jitters.  Lobbyists said they expected to hear from the administration after Labor Day, when they would also attempt to persuade skeptics in Congress to pass the limit. “Treasury routinely reaches out to market participants to foster a steady dialogue on key issues, including the debt limit,” said a Treasury spokesperson. “The government intends to pay its debts.” ",1
1971,"White House wants to help states, cities offload infrastructure","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration told state and local officials on Wednesday that it will use its infrastructure plan to create incentives for the private sector to finance or take over public entities like bridges, tunnels and highways.  Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao and White House budget director Mick Mulvaney told about 150 transportation officials at the White House the administration wants the private sector to play a bigger role in managing and financing public infrastructure. Mulvaney said the administration wants to give states and cities “incentives to move stuff you might own off of your books and into the private sector.” He said that would result in states and cities “getting more money to do new stuff.” The administration has said it wants to spend $200 billion on infrastructure over 10 years, an amount the administration hopes will encourage another $800 billion in infrastructure investment by the private sector, but has not offered a detailed plan. The administration will need congressional approval, and some members of Congress in both parties do not expect to take up the issue until 2018. “The largest piece of the package is going to be wrapped around incentives,” Mulvaney said. He said the incentives will work well in densely populated urban areas in airport, bridge, tunnel, port and other projects. It is harder for rural areas to have private sector-backed projects, citing the lack of potential “cash flow,” Mulvaney said. For example, a bridge in a rural area would have less traffic and potentially less likely be a candidate for private funding. He said the administration plans to target some funds solely for rural infrastructure projects that may not work as private sector-backed projects. Chao said the plan is not yet final but said states and cities that secure some private-sector financing “will be given higher-priority access to new federal funds.” Democrats want more direct federal spending. Senate Democratic Leader Charles Schumer has pointed out that the Trump budget unveiled in May cuts $206 billion in infrastructure spending across several Cabinet departments, including $96 billion in planned highway trust fund spending. “$200 billion is a lot - but it is not $5 trillion, so you still want to be smart with it,” Mulvaney said. The three-prong infrastructure plan will also include backing for big “transformative” projects, Mulvaney said. Trump wants to look at new ways to build bridges, tunnels and ports. “The president is very interested in trying to find that transformative, infrastructure technology, that is this close to being ready for market,” Mulvaney said. ",1
1972,Pentagon notified U.S. Congress of $593 million military sale to Nigeria,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Pentagon has notified the U.S. Congress of the sale to Nigeria of 12 Super Tucano A-29 planes and weapons worth $593 million, which the West African country wants for its fight against the militant group Boko Haram. The Federal Register on Monday published the Aug. 2 notification from the Pentagon’s Defense Security Cooperation Agency. The sale includes thousands of bombs and rockets and was originally agreed by former President Barack Obama’s administration. The Super Tucano A-29, an agile, propeller-driven plane with reconnaissance and surveillance as well as attack capabilities, is made by Brazil’s Embraer. A second production line is in Florida, in a partnership between Embraer and privately held Sierra Nevada Corp of Sparks, Nevada. The Super Tucano costs more than $10 million each and the price can go much higher depending on the configuration. It is powered by a Pratt & Whitney Canada PT 6 engine. The Obama administration delayed the deal after incidents including the Nigerian Air Force’s bombing of a refugee camp in January that killed 90 to 170 civilians. President Donald Trump has said he plans to go ahead with foreign defense sales delayed under Obama by human rights concerns. (This story corrects headline and paragraphs 1 and 2 to reflect that the notification was made on Aug. 2, not on Monday)  ",1
1973,Interior Department watchdog drops probe of threat to Alaska senator on healthcare,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Interior Department’s inspector general said it dropped a probe into a reported threat by the agency’s head, Ryan Zinke, to Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski of Alaska to harm her state over her opposition to her party’s efforts to repeal Obamacare. In a letter on Tuesday to two congressmen who called for the probe, Interior Deputy Inspector General Mary Kendall said “further investigation would prove unproductive” after Murkowski and Alaska’s other senator, Republican Dan Sullivan, both declined to be interviewed or provide statements on the matter. Zinke called Murkowski and Sullivan on July 26, the day after Murkowski’s crucial vote against a motion to begin debate on the healthcare overhaul, the Alaska Dispatch News reported. The interior secretary warned the two senators that Murkowski’s vote could have negative consequences for energy and land use in Alaska, the newspaper said. Murkowski spokeswoman Karina Peterson confirmed that Zinke had called the senator. Murkowski did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the inspector general’s decision to drop the investigation. The Interior Department deals with policies crucial to the state’s economy such as drilling and mining on federal and tribal land and control of wildlife areas. U.S. Representatives Frank Pallone and Raul Grijalva, the top Democrats on the House committees on energy and natural resources, respectively, had asked the inspector general’s office and the Government Accountability Office for an investigation following the report of the threat. Zinke suggested he had reconciled with Murkowski, posting a photo on Twitter on Aug. 3 of him drinking Alaska-brand beers with the senator. ",1
1974,New Russian ambassador to U.S. calls for resumed military contacts,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Moscow and Washington should re-establish direct contacts between their military and foreign policy chiefs, Russia’s new ambassador to Washington, Anatoly Antonov, said on Wednesday. “The time has come to resume joint meetings of Russia’s and the United States’ foreign and defence ministers in a ‘two plus two’ format,” Antonov said in an interview published on the Kommersant business daily’s web site. Military contacts between Moscow and Washington were frozen in 2014 due to the Ukraine crisis. Antonov also called for meetings between the heads of Russia’s Federal Security Service and Foreign Intelligence Service and the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation and Central Intelligence Agency.  A “working cooperation” between Russia’s Security Council and the U.S. National Security Council could also help fight terrorism, cyber threats and help strategic stability, he said. Antonov, a former deputy foreign minister, is subject to European sanctions over his role in the conflict in Ukraine.  (This story has been refiled to remove an extraneous word in first paragraph)  ",1
1975,CFPB director evasive about possible resignation to run for Ohio governor,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The head of the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau was coy, in a letter sent to the head of a congressional committee on Wednesday, about possible plans to resign and run for governor of Ohio. CFPB Director Richard Cordray rebuffed efforts by one of his fiercest critics in Congress to declare whether he has future ambitions for public office. He also categorically rejected claims that the agency may be rushing out rules cracking down on payday lenders ahead of an imminent departure. “You ask whether I intend to serve my full statutory term,” Cordray said in his letter to Representative Jeb Hensarling, who chairs the House Financial Services Committee. “At this time, I have no further insights to provide on that subject.” Hensarling had pressed Cordray Tuesday on whether the bureau was rushing regulations, and demanded to know if Cordray planned to serve out his full term, which expires in July 2018 or when he would submit his resignation. Cordray noted in his letter that Hensarling has previously pressed him on the same question. Hensarling, a Republican, has been a fierce critic of the agency created in the aftermath of the 2007-2009 financial crisis by former Democratic President Barack Obama. He has suggested that political ambition could be impacting Cordray’s work as a regulator.  “I am disappointed by Director Cordray’s steadfast refusal to be transparent with the public about his intentions. If he intends to serve his full term, there is no reason not to say so,” said Hensarling in a statement to Reuters. “The only reasonable conclusion is that he therefore harbors partisan political ambitions, which calls into question the propriety of all of his recent and future actions as CFPB Director.” Cordray is one of the last high-ranking holdovers from the Obama administration. A former Ohio attorney general, he is widely rumored to be considering a run for Ohio governor in 2018. Cordray is set to speak at a Labor Day picnic on Monday hosted by the Cincinnati AFL-CIO. The CFPB has repeatedly decline to comment on whether Cordray intends to resign and seek public office. It is expected to finalize rules soon that would place new restrictions on payday and other small-dollar lending. If Cordray were to leave, it is unclear who would head the agency until a full-time director is nominated by the president and confirmed by the Senate. ",1
1976,"As Texans' claims pour in, Congress mulls flood insurance program's future","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Krassi Nikov evacuated his Houston home with more than 2 feet (61 cm) of water inside of it on Tuesday after Tropical Storm Harvey devastated Texas’ Gulf Coast. He now plans to collect on his flood insurance for the second time this year and rebuild. But the future of the federal government-run flood insurance program on which Nikov, 63, and other property owners in vulnerable areas depend rests with the U.S. Congress. Congress will soon be asked to renew the National Flood Insurance Program, which expires at the end of September. While a simple extension of the program has wide bipartisan support, some lawmakers are calling for broad reform. The program had received 35,000 claims from Texas by midday on Wednesday, according to Roy Wright, its administrator, who described it as a “very fast” pace. Wright said he was confident Congress would reauthorize the program, but he added that the program would only be prevented from selling new policies or renewing existing ones if it were to lapse.  “It does not affect ability to accept claims,” Wright said. Republicans advocating changes to the program want private companies to write the policies, which they say would result in premium prices that more accurately reflect risks. Additionally, they want the U.S. government to stop charging the program interest, with the savings to be used for flood mitigation.  That could set up a difficult battle. Conservatives have voiced concerns that the insurance program has about $25 billion of debt, while Democrats say the Republicans’ plan to allow private-market plans would be more expensive for homeowners.  A bipartisan group of lawmakers from coastal states  including Senators Elizabeth Warren, Democrat of Massachusetts, and Marco Rubio, Republican of Florida, have been pushing for changes to the program. The NFIP has been reauthorized 17 times since it was created in 1968, with the last time occurring in 2012. It has been allowed to lapse just four times. Many lobbyists believe Congress is unlikely to attempt a sweeping reform of the program before the end of September, given a busy legislative schedule that includes approving funding to avoid a government shutdown and raising the debt ceiling. Congress also faces pressure to pass an aid package to help the devastated Gulf Coast. Goldman Sachs said in a research note on Tuesday that early estimates suggested Harvey would cost “in the range of $30 billion.”   Instead, most observers expect Congress to pass a short-term extension of the program, ranging from three months to a year. Leaders in Congress are weighing whether to attach it to another piece of legislation such as a continuing resolution to fund the government, according to several lobbyists following the issue. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan’s office said it was confident the program would be reauthorized.     U.S. Representative Jeb Hensarling, a Republican who chairs the House Financial Services Committee, said in a Bloomberg television interview on Monday that he hoped his package of reforms could gain full approval before the end of next month. Hensarling wants to renew the program for five years if private insurers are allowed to write the flood policies. But a business lobbyist who consults for many large American companies and follows the issue closely said Hensarling lacked the support to get his package passed by the House when Congress left for its August recess.  “I don’t think they’re at the point now where they have the votes,” the lobbyist said. He added that trying to overhaul the program would be a distraction for federal emergency officials and the flood insurance program.   “Even if there was a package of reforms ready to go, (the agencies) are not going to have the bandwidth to deal with some kind of reform package,” he said.  In a letter to Ryan and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi sent on Monday, 100 House Democrats expressed concerns about the Hensarling package, saying they would not vote for the full package despite believing flood insurance reauthorization was crucial.  “Most of these bills do not meet the goals of affordability, availability, increased mitigation efforts or improved mapping,” the letter said.   Jerry Howard, head of the National Home Builders Association, said the group had endorsed Hensarling’s package and was hopeful the bills would pass quickly.  Emily Naden of the Building Owners and Managers Association, which in Houston alone represents owners and managers of 312 million square feet of office space and accounts for 43,000 jobs, said the organization had been pushing for reforms but must prioritize avoiding a lapse in coverage. “For us, we absolutely need the program to be re-upped without a lapse – a lapse is incredibly detrimental to all of our policy members,” she said. ",1
1977,Kremlin says got Trump adviser email about tower project but ignored it,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin’s spokesman confirmed on Wednesday he had received an email in January last year from an adviser to Donald Trump about a Moscow real estate project, but said he had neither replied nor discussed it with Putin. The Washington Post reported this week that Michael Cohen, one of Trump’s closest business advisers, had emailed Dmitry Peskov, Putin’s spokesman, seeking his help in advancing a stalled Trump Tower development project in Moscow. Trump was running to become president at the time.   Peskov, answering questions about the matter on a conference call with reporters on Wednesday, said he had seen the email among many others he said he received every day, but had not responded to it because the request was not the kind of thing he dealt with in his job as Kremlin spokesman. “I can confirm that among the mass of e-mails there was an e-mail from Mr. Michael Cohen. This really happened,” said Peskov. He said Cohen had written about “a certain Russian company and certain people” who wanted to build a skyscraper in Moscow and wanted his help in making the stalled project a reality. But Peskov said the request was off topic and that responding to it fell outside his job description. “Because we do not react to such (questions about) business themes, and this is not our job, we left this matter without a response,” said Peskov. He said the Kremlin had not received any other similar requests on the subject and that he had not raised the subject of Cohen’s original email with Putin. “We cannot discuss the hundreds and thousands of various requests from different countries we get with President Putin,” said Peskov. ",1
1978,Trump says still wants to drop U.S. corporate tax rate to 15 percent,"SPRINGFIELD, Mo. (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Wednesday he still wants to see the U.S. corporate tax rate drop to 15 percent, saying cutting it is essential for the nation to regain its competitive edge. “We must reduce the tax rate on American businesses so they keep jobs in America, create jobs in America and compete for workers right here in America,” Trump said in a speech aimed at shoring up support for a broad tax-cut plan. “Ideally ... we would like to bring our business tax rate down to 15 percent,” he said. ",1
1979,Trump says Missouri Sen. McCaskill should back tax cuts or lose re-election,"SPRINGFIELD, Mo. (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Wednesday that Missouri should vote Democratic Senator Claire McCaskill out of office if she does not back his tax cuts. “We must lower our taxes. And your senator, Claire McCaskill, she must do this for you and if she doesn’t do it for you, you have to vote her out of office,” Trump said in a speech. ",1
1980,White House blocks Obama-era rule expanding pay data from companies,"(Reuters) - The Trump administration has blocked a rule requiring U.S. employers to report detailed pay data broken down by gender and race, echoing business groups by saying it would not have the intended effect of addressing wage gaps.  The U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission adopted the requirements last year under President Barack Obama, saying the information was necessary to identify and address discriminatory wage gaps. But the White House Office of Management and Budget in a memo on Tuesday said the rule was burdensome to companies and could pose privacy and confidentiality issues. The rule would have required businesses to begin reporting the information in March 2018. Currently, employers must report about 130 different categories of wage data to the EEOC each year. Under the new rule, they would have been required to report more than 3,300 categories. It was the Trump administration’s latest bid to undo Obama-era policies designed to help workers or unions. The administration has also moved to scrap rules extending mandatory overtime pay to millions of workers and expanding reporting requirements for companies when they respond to union campaigns.  EEOC Acting Chair Victoria Lipnic in a statement on Tuesday said the move by the White House would not affect the commission’s efforts to enforce anti-discrimination laws against individual employers and that the agency was reviewing its options.  Lipnic, a Republican, voted against the reporting requirements last year. She was appointed to the five-member commission by Obama and made acting chair by President Donald Trump earlier this year. Ivanka Trump, the president’s daughter and adviser, said in a statement that the EEOC requirements would not have helped address discrepancies in pay for men and women. She said the administration supports “robust policies aimed at eliminating the gender wage gap.” The U.S. Chamber of Commerce and Republicans in Congress praised the decision to block the rule. Representative Virginia Foxx of North Carolina, the chair of the U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Education and the Workforce, said the EEOC should focus on resolving complaints of discrimination filed by individual workers. Some workers’ rights groups condemned the move. The Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights said the Trump administration had “surrendered to corporate special interests” and undermined efforts to close pay gaps between men and women and white workers and minorities.  ",1
1981,Transgender members in U.S. military may serve until study completed: Mattis,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Tuesday current policy regarding transgender personnel serving in the military would remain in place until he advises President Donald Trump on how to implement his directive on a transgender ban. Mattis said in a statement he would set up a panel of experts serving in the Departments of Defense and Homeland Security to provide recommendations on implementing the ban. He said he would advise the president after the panel reports it recommendations, and “in the interim, current policy with respect to currently serving members will remain in place.” Trump signed a memorandum on Friday directing the U.S. military not to accept transgender men and women as recruits and halting the use of government funds for sex-reassignment surgeries for active personnel unless the process is already under way. A White House official who briefed reporters about the memo on Friday declined to specify whether transgender men and women who are currently active in the military could continue to serve based on such criteria. The memo called on Mattis to submit a plan to Trump by Feb. 21, on how to implement the changes. Mattis said he expects to issue other guidance “including any necessary interim adjustments to procedures, to ensure the continued combat readiness of the force until our final policy on this subject is issued.” Trump’s directive created uncertainty for thousands of transgender service members, many of whom came out after the Pentagon said in 2016 it would allow transgender people to serve openly. The decision appealed to some in Trump’s conservative political base while drawing criticism from advocates of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) rights. Civil rights groups filed two new lawsuits on Monday challenging Trump’s ban. ",1
1982,"White House downplays Charlottesville comments from Tillerson, Cohn","ON BOARD AIR FORCE ONE (Reuters) - The White House on Tuesday downplayed talk of division among President Donald Trump’s advisers after Secretary of State Tillerson and economic adviser Gary Cohn appeared to criticize Trump for his response to the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia. In an interview on Fox News Sunday over the weekend, Tillerson said “the president speaks for himself” when asked about Trump’s values. Cohn, who was standing near the president in Trump Tower this month when Trump said there were “very fine people” on both sides of the demonstration that was sponsored by neo-Nazis and white supremacists, told the Financial Times in an interview that citizens standing up for freedom could never be equated with such groups. White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said on Tuesday that senior administration officials were not distancing themselves from the president despite the comments from Tillerson and Cohn. She said Trump’s relationship with Tillerson was “very strong” and that Cohn was committed to working on tax reform. “I think that ... at moments you have people that disagree, I think that’s a healthy thing,” she told reporters on Air Force One.     ",1
1983,Federer survives Tiafoe scare to advance,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - World number three Roger Federer survived a first-round scare from Frances Tiafoe before grinding out a 4-6 6-2 6-1 1-6 6-4 victory over the American teenager in front of a raucous crowd at the U.S. Open on Tuesday. Federer looked more relieved than overjoyed when Tiafoe’s forehand found the net on match point to keep his hopes of a 20th grand slam title alive. “We had a good fight,” Federer said in an on-court interview. “It was exciting and this is why I came to New York, to go through these emotions,” he said with a laugh.  The 19-year-old Tiafoe broke Federer in the first game of the match and bellowed out a loud “Come on!” when his forehand winner found the line to capture the opening set.  Federer, who has won this year’s Australian Open and Wimbledon since taking a six-month break last year, soon found his groove once he broke Tiafoe to take a 3-1 lead in the second set and reeled off nine of the next 10 games.  However, his poor form returned in a 23-minute fourth set when his serve and the accuracy of his trusty one-handed backhand completely deserted him. Federer said Tiafoe could go on to have a big career. “He is a great player and has a bright future ahead of him,” he said of the 19-year-old.  Despite coming away with the win, the shaky performance raises questions about the health of the 36-year-old Swiss, who sat out the Cincinnati Masters earlier this month with back pain.  He acknowledged that he was worried about his back going into the match but said he felt “much, much better”.  “This win will give me a lot of confidence,” he said.  Due to rain, the speedy 2-hour and 35-minute five setter was played under the closed roof of Arthur Ashe Stadium, which amplified the volume of the rowdy crowd.  Federer next meets either Slovenian Blaz Kavcic or Russian Mikhail Youzhny. ",1
1984,Congress weighs Harvey aid that Trump calls historic,"WASHINGTON/AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - The U.S. Congress started to come to grips on Tuesday with crafting a multibillion-dollar Hurricane Harvey emergency aid package that President Donald Trump suggested could be historically large, without providing specifics. On a tour of rescue operations after catastrophic flooding in Texas and Louisiana, with rain still pounding Houston and New Orleans, Trump told officials and reporters at a briefing that he was working with Congress on an aid package. “It’s going to be a costly proposition,” he said. “I think we’ll come through ... with the right solution.” He added, “But probably there’s never been anything so expensive in our country’s history and never been anything so historic in terms of damage.” Lawmakers said it was too early to estimate the price-tag for U.S. taxpayer assistance on Harvey, which has killed at least 11 people and paralyzed Houston. Hurricane Katrina, which killed at least 1,200 people in 2005, was the most damaging storm in U.S. history. After Katrina, and two smaller hurricanes that followed behind it, the U.S. government devoted $100 billion to relief and recovery, said the Congressional Budget Office. John Cornyn, the Senate’s No. 2 Republican, said Harvey recovery aid will take time. “There may be several different appropriations bills,” Cornyn told KTRH Radio in Houston. “What I would personally like to see is some emergency upfront funds to help with the temporary expenses, but as you can imagine, it is going to take a while to assess the losses.” The head of the U.S. House of Representatives’ Appropriations Committee said the panel was prepared to provide the funding needed. Republican Representative Rodney Frelinghuysen said in a statement: “We are awaiting requests from federal agencies who are on the ground, and will not hesitate to take quick action once an official request is sent.” Senator Ted Cruz said on the Hugh Hewitt radio show, “By any measure it is going to be billions upon billions of dollars.” Two senior White House officials said hurricane relief might be handled in Congress as a special emergency request, not attached to other spending legislation. Congressional leaders have not said exactly how they will handle the aid package. House conservatives may favor a standalone measure. “My sense is that they’d want a relief aid package to be a standalone that doesn’t have a lot of unrelated stuff added on,” said Alyssa Farah, spokeswoman for the conservative House Freedom Caucus. ",1
1985,Trump plans to name former Bush staffer Cha as Seoul envoy,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration plans to name a Washington-based academic and former White House official, Victor Cha, as the next U.S. ambassador to South Korea, an administration official said on Tuesday. Cha is a former director for Asian affairs on the White House National Security Council and served as deputy head of the U.S. delegation in multilateral talks with North Korea over its nuclear program during the administration of President George W. Bush. An administration official said he expected the appointment, which will be subject to a Senate confirmation hearing, to be announced “soon,” and added that it had “been in the works for a long time.” The move came as President Donald Trump faced perhaps his biggest foreign policy challenge over North Korea’s pursuit of a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the United States. Cha, a Korean American, will replace Mark Lippert, a political appointee who served in Seoul during the Obama administration. Cha did not respond to a request for comment.   He is currently the Korea Chair at Washington’s Center for Strategic and International Studies and director of Asian studies at Georgetown University’s Department of Government and School of Foreign Service. In a op-ed published in the Washington Post in July, Cha called for a new approach to diplomacy towards North Korea, arguing that China must be a central part of future negotiations  and should pay for Pyongyang to halt and roll back its nuclear and missile programs.  South Korea is a long-time U.S. treaty ally. ",1
1986,"Trump Jr. to testify in Senate, Manafort lawyer subpoenaed: CNN","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s oldest son, Donald Trump Jr., has agreed to testify privately to the Senate Judiciary Committee as it looks into allegations of Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election, CNN reported on Tuesday, weeks after he was invited to testify in public at a hearing in July. Spokesmen and spokeswomen for the committee’s leaders did not immediately respond to requests for comment on the report. CNN also reported that Special Counsel Robert Mueller had issued subpoenas to Melissa Laurenza, an attorney with the Akin Gump law firm, who formerly represented Trump’s former campaign manager, Paul Manafort, and to Jason Maloni, a Manafort spokesman. CNN said Maloni and a spokesman for Mueller declined comment and that Laurenza referred questions to a spokesman who did not immediately comment. Russia has loomed large over the first six months of the Trump presidency. U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Russia worked to tilt last year’s presidential election in Trump’s favor. Mueller, who was appointed special counsel in May, is leading the investigation, which also examines potential collusion by the Trump campaign with Russia. Several congressional committees are also looking into the matter. Moscow denies any meddling. Trump denies any collusion by his campaign, while regularly denouncing the investigations as political witch hunts. ",1
1987,Tough choice for Trump if Congress refuses border wall financing,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump is unlikely to win congressional support for funds he wants for a proposed U.S.-Mexico border wall before an Oct. 1 deadline, meaning he may have to choose between backing down on a key campaign promise or shutting down the government. The second option was a politically dangerous one before  Hurricane Harvey tore through southern Texas over the weekend and it now looks even riskier. At a campaign-style rally in Phoenix last week, Trump  doubled down on his earlier demands that Congress fund a Mexican border wall in government spending legislation, adding a clear threat. “If we have to close down our government, we’re building that wall,” he told supporters. Since then, lawmakers who were already struggling to hammer out a stop-gap federal spending bill before Oct. 1 to avoid a shutdown have had to factor in Trump’s threat as well. During his election campaign, Trump insisted Mexico would pay for the construction of the wall, which experts said could cost about $22 billion and take more than three years to complete. With Mexico refusing to pay, Trump has said since taking office in January that the wall will initially need U.S. funding but that he will find a way to make Mexico ultimately pay for it. A government shutdown would result if Congress is unable to agree on a spending deal or if Trump does not like the package and vetoes it. A veto would put Trump in a dangerous position of rejecting a bill approved by his own party. “Shutting down the government would be a self-destructive act, not to mention an act of political malpractice,” Republican Representative Charlie Dent said in an interview. Republicans firmly control the House of Representatives, but have only a narrow majority in the Senate, where at least eight Democratic votes will be needed to pass a spending bill. Democratic leaders firmly oppose the border wall and appear to be in no mood to do Trump a favor by including funding now. “Democrats aren’t feeling the heat over this,” Democratic strategist Jim Manley said, adding that “no Democrat is going to be cowed” by Trump’s threat to shut down the government. Without Democratic support, current and former congressional aides from both parties said they expected Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell, who has been sharply criticized by Trump in recent weeks, to opt for a spending bill without wall funding to get legislation to the president’s desk. Dent said he expected the Senate would “strip out” $1.6 billion that had been set aside to start building the wall in a spending measure already passed by the House, and send it back to that chamber for another vote.  Dent voted for the wall funding the first time but said he would approve the spending measure without the wall money if that is what it takes to keep the government open. Asked what Congress would do if Trump vetoes a spending  bill, Dent said: “We’ll have to determine what our next steps will be, but I’m hopeful he’ll sign the bill.” SHORT-TERM FIX A stop-gap spending bill would keep the government open for several months with no major changes to spending programs while lawmakers work out a longer-term deal. The U.S. Congress has relied heavily on those short-term fixes - known as continuing resolutions - for many years. Federal assistance for those affected by devastating floods triggered by Harvey could be attached to a new continuing resolution.  But Trump said on Monday the hurricane recovery effort had not caused him to reconsider the option of a government shutdown. “I think it has nothing to do with it, really. I think this is separate,” he said at a news conference. He said he hoped a government shutdown would not be needed but declined to rule it out. “If it’s necessary, we’ll have to see.” If Trump signs a short-term extension without wall funding, it could delay the battle until December, when that legislation would likely expire. Trump also said on Monday that the border wall was “imperative” in order to tackle drug trafficking and crime as well as illegal immigration. The budget debate is also complicated by the need to finance support for victims of Harvey, the worst storm to hit Texas in more than 50 years, and find a deal on increasing the federal debt ceiling, which limits how much money the U.S. government can borrow. One possible escape route for Trump could be separate legislation for funding the wall. John Cornyn, the No. 2 Republican in the Senate, has introduced legislation that would authorize $15 billion over four years for border security. That would still need the support of at least eight Senate Democrats. ",1
1988,U.S. appeals court questions scope of Trump travel ban,"SEATTLE (Reuters) - A U.S. appeals court on Monday sharply questioned a lawyer defending President Donald Trump’s effort to broadly enforce a temporary refugee ban that the Republican president said was necessary for national security. At a hearing in Seattle, a three-judge 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals panel also disputed attempts by Justice Department lawyer Hashim Mooppan to argue that grandparents and other relatives of Americans from six Muslim-majority countries should be temporarily barred from travel to the United States. The latest round in the fight over Trump’s travel ban began after the U.S. Supreme Court intervened in June to partially revive it. The high court said the ban could take effect but that people with a “bona fide relationship” to a U.S. person or entity could not be barred. The Trump administration interpreted that language to mean the 90-day travel ban would apply to grandparents and some other family members. It also sought to block entry of up to 24,000 refugees who have a connection to a U.S. resettlement agency, for 120 days, arguing that such a relationship is not close enough to warrant protection from Trump’s order. The state of Hawaii challenged that interpretation, and a judge in Honolulu ruled against the Trump administration. The Justice Department appealed to the 9th Circuit.  While that appeal goes forward, the Supreme Court said grandparents and others could be allowed to enter the United States, but that the refugee limits would remain in effect. About two dozen observers filed into a Seattle courtroom for Monday’s hearing, where 9th Circuit Judge Ronald Gould asked how the government could take the position that a grandmother of a child in the United States does not count as a close relationship. “What universe does that come from?” Gould asked Mooppan. Another 9th Circuit judge, Richard Paez, questioned why a relationship between a refugee and a resettlement agency is not legitimate. The agency has to develop a specific exchange with the person seeking to move to the country, he noted. “They’re not just some random person out there,” Paez said. Mooppan, a deputy assistant attorney general, said the resettlement agency has a relationship with the U.S. government, not the refugee directly. The court did not issue a ruling during the hearing. The rollout of Trump’s current executive order has been more subdued than in January, when Trump first signed a more expansive version. That order sparked protests and chaos at airports around the country and the world. ",1
1989,EPA inspector general to investigate agency chief's travels to Oklahoma,"WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - The frequent travels of the head of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, Scott Pruitt, to Oklahoma will be investigated following congressional requests, the agency’s Office of Inspector General said on Monday. Pruitt’s many travels to his home state have fueled speculation that he intends to run for the U.S. Senate from Oklahoma. “Administrator Pruitt is traveling the country to hear directly from the people impacted by EPA’s regulations outside of the Washington bubble,” said Amy Graham, an EPA spokeswoman. “This is nothing more than a distraction from the Administrator’s significant environmental accomplishments.” The Office of Inspector General said it would look into the “frequency, cost and extent” of Pruitt’s travels to Oklahoma through July 31, and whether travel policies and procedures were followed. It said the investigation will also aim to determine “whether EPA policies and procedures are sufficiently designed to prevent fraud, waste and abuse with the Administrator’s travel that included trips to Oklahoma.” Pruitt was in Oklahoma on at least 43 of the 92 days of March, April and May, according to copies of his travel records obtained by the Environmental Integrity Project watchdog group and reviewed by Reuters last month. The travel records show Pruitt’s schedule this spring often took him to cities in the U.S. heartland where he held meetings, often with oil and gas industry representatives, made speeches and attended events before flying to Tulsa for extended weekends. The records showed Pruitt paid for some legs of the trips directly related to his visits home, although it was not clear he paid for all such legs. Pruitt has riled environmentalists by raising doubts about climate change and by vowing to sweep away scores of Obama-era regulations to help business. “Pruitt seems to be using these visits to launch his political career,” said Melinda Pierce, legislative director for the Sierra Club, an environmental group that has been deeply critical of Pruitt. “Perhaps he should use polluter money to fund these trips if he’s going to continue doing their bidding.” Before becoming head of the EPA under Republican President Donald Trump in February, he was Oklahoma’s attorney general and repeatedly sued the agency he now runs to block federal environmental rules. ",1
1990,"Congress weighs Harvey aid package, awaits Trump","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. lawmakers are expected to pass a large aid package for victims of Hurricane Harvey, but specifics of the plan and its price tag are unclear as Congress awaits a funding request from the Trump administration. Rain continued to pound Houston and the Gulf Coast on Monday as President Donald Trump said he expected rapid federal action to help fund a costly recovery. He plans to visit Texas on Tuesday to see storm-hit areas. “We’re dealing with Congress. As you know it’s going to be a very expensive situation,” he told reporters in the White House. Historic flooding from Harvey, which came ashore in Texas last week as a powerful Category 4 hurricane and is now a tropical storm, has killed at least seven people in Texas and was expected to drive 30,000 from their homes. Wall Street analysts estimated insured losses of up to $20 billion, making Harvey one of the costliest storms in history for U.S. insurers. After past disasters, Congress approved billions of dollars in funds to help with relief and recovery, but in recent years, fiscal conservatives have raised questions about costs. Congress will return next week from summer vacation, with the hurricane complicating an already difficult fiscal situation with the federal budget and Trump’s Mexican border wall proposal. Current government funding runs out on Sept. 30. Congress must approve a measure to keep the government funded and prevent a shutdown. Trump threatened last week to shut down the government if Congress did not agree to $1.6 billion in funding to start building his proposed wall on the U.S.-Mexico border. Harvey “will increase the pressure on Washington to not shut down the government, but it also makes the September 30 package more cumbersome and complicated,” Chris Krueger, policy analyst at financial firm Cowen & Co, said in a research note. Asked if Harvey made him reconsider his shutdown threat, Trump said: “It has nothing to do with it, really. I think this is separate. This is going to go really very, very quickly.” Congressional Republicans have not spelled out their plan for dealing with the budget and a related, must-pass increase in the federal debt ceiling. Some aides and analysts have speculated that those issues might be swept into a single piece of legislation, possibly including Harvey aid.  House of Representatives Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said on Monday that “Republicans must be ready to join Democrats in passing a timely relief bill.” Federal Emergency Management Agency Administrator Brock Long said more than 450,000 people were expected to seek disaster assistance because of catastrophic flooding. “We will help those affected by this terrible disaster. The first step in that process is a formal request for resources from the administration,” said AshLee Strong, spokeswoman for House Speaker Paul Ryan. A Senate Republican aide said it was too soon to say what was needed. “The committee is monitoring the situation in Texas closely,” said Chris Gallegos, a spokesman for the Republican majority on the Senate Appropriations Committee. There is only about $3.3 billion in the federal disaster relief fund. Congress approved $62.3 billion in aid after Hurricane Katrina devastated Gulf Coast communities and flooded New Orleans in 2005. Texas Republican Representative Pete Sessions told MSNBC he expected lawmakers to back any aid package as long as it was not bloated beyond the needed storm response. Some conservatives have balked in the past at authorizing money for disaster relief. In 2005, then-Indiana Republican Representative Mike Pence, now vice president, called on the floor of the House for “offsetting” money spent on Katrina relief with cutbacks elsewhere. Almost the entire Texas delegation - including Sessions and Republican Senator Ted Cruz - opposed the $50.5 billion aid package that Congress approved three months after Hurricane Sandy hit New Jersey and New York in 2012. Opponents argued that the Sandy package funded things unrelated to the disaster.       “The Sandy relief bill had more pork in it than a bacon factory,” said Representative Blake Farenthold, a Republican who represents Corpus Christi, which was hit hard by Harvey. Republican Representative Pete King of New York said in a Twitter message on Monday: “I won’t abandon Texas the way Ted Cruz did New York.” ",1
1991,Trump says U.S. 'very protective' of Baltic region,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Monday the United States is “very protective” of the Baltics in the face of a Russian naval exercise with China in the Baltic Sea and said the United States and its allies would be able to handle any threat. “We are very protective of that region,” Trump said at a joint news conference with visiting Finland President Sauli Niinisto. “That’s all I can say. We are very, very protective. We have great friends there.” A Russian naval exercise with China in the Baltic Sea has rattled tensions in the region and Trump has sought to reassure NATO allies there, sending Vice President Mike Pence on a recent trip. Niinisto said he recently played host to Russian President Vladimir Putin in Finland and that Putin offered assurances that the Russia-China naval exercise should not be seen as a threat. Niinisto said the United States, Finland and Sweden have also conducted training exercises in the Baltic region. “We have to be very careful that this huge training, huge military trafficking ... does not cause any accidents or problems because we know from accidents might grow whatever,” he said. “That is why I think it’s important that we continue to work with NATO to enhance ... dialogue between Russia and NATO.” On a visit to Brussels in May, Trump’s allegiance to NATO was thrown into doubt when he opted not to mention the U.S. commitment to the NATO treaty’s Article 5, which says an attack on one member is an attack on all. He later cleared up the confusion, saying he was committed to NATO’s common defense. Trump entered office hoping for better U.S. relations with Russia but his effort has failed thus far to bear fruit amid continuing questions surrounding Russian meddling in last year’s U.S. presidential election, something both Moscow and Trump deny. He signed legislation early this month imposing a new round of U.S. sanctions against Moscow.Trump called the Baltics “a very important part of the world.” “These are all threats we will be able to handle if we have to. Hopefully we won’t have to handle them but if we do we’ll be able to handle them,” he said. ",1
1992,Raytheon wins $614 million modification of U.S. defense contract: Pentagon,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Defense Department awarded Raytheon a $614 million modification for a contract previously valued at $630 million, the Pentagon said in a statement on Monday. Raytheon is tasked with manufacturing 17 missiles, performing support for production and engineering, providing quality assurance, and audit and engineering efforts. Work will be performed in Tucson, Arizona, and is estimated for completion in March 2020, the statement said. ",1
1993,Trump hopes government shutdown won't be necessary over wall funding,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Monday he hoped a government shutdown would not be necessary over his demand that the U.S. Congress fund his proposed wall along the southern border with Mexico. At a news conference with visiting Finnish President Sauli Niinisto, Trump also said Mexico may pay for the wall by reimbursement. Mexico has adamantly said it will not pay for the wall. “One way or the other Mexico is going to pay for the wall,” said Trump. Trump also said he would probably need to terminate the North American Free Trade Agreement treaty to get what he considers a fair trade deal with U.S. economic partners Mexico and Canada. “I believe that you will at least have to start the termination process before a fair deal can be arrived at,” he said. ",1
1994,Pentagon notified U.S. Congress of $593 million military sale to Nigeria,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Pentagon has notified the U.S. Congress of the sale to Nigeria of 12 Super Tucano A-29 planes and weapons worth $593 million, which the West African country wants for its fight against the militant group Boko Haram. The Federal Register on Monday published the Aug. 2 notification from the Pentagon’s Defense Security Cooperation Agency. The sale includes thousands of bombs and rockets and was originally agreed by former President Barack Obama’s administration. The Super Tucano A-29, an agile, propeller-driven plane with reconnaissance and surveillance as well as attack capabilities, is made by Brazil’s Embraer. A second production line is in Florida, in a partnership between Embraer and privately held Sierra Nevada Corp of Sparks, Nevada. The Super Tucano costs more than $10 million each and the price can go much higher depending on the configuration. It is powered by a Pratt & Whitney Canada PT 6 engine. The Obama administration delayed the deal after incidents including the Nigerian Air Force’s bombing of a refugee camp in January that killed 90 to 170 civilians. President Donald Trump has said he plans to go ahead with foreign defense sales delayed under Obama by human rights concerns. (This story corrects headline and paragraphs 1 and 2 to reflect that the notification was made on Aug. 2, not on Monday)  ",1
1995,Trump rescinds Obama limits on transfer of military gear to police,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday issued an executive order revoking limits imposed by predecessor Barack Obama on the transfer of surplus military equipment to local law enforcement agencies, the White House said. Obama had curtailed the equipment transfer program after law enforcement officers using military-style armored vehicles and guns confronted protesters in Ferguson, Missouri, in 2014 following the fatal police shooting of a black teenager. Trump’s executive order said, “All executive departments and agencies are directed, as of the date of this order and consistent with Federal law, to cease implementing those recommendations and, if necessary, to take prompt action to rescind any rules, regulations, guidelines, or policies implementing them.” The Republican president has reversed or cut back many of his Democratic predecessor’s policies since taking office in January. The use of military equipment in Ferguson prompted a wider outcry over the use of war-fighting equipment by local law enforcement agencies in the United States. After a review, Obama barred the military from transferring certain types of equipment to police or sheriff’s departments, including tracked armored vehicles, armed aircraft or vehicles of any kind, .50-caliber firearms and ammunition, grenade launchers, bayonets and camouflage uniforms. Obama also required law enforcement agencies to justify the need for items like helicopters and other aircraft, wheeled armored vehicles, unmanned drones, riot helmets and “flash-bang” grenades. “These restrictions that had been imposed went too far,” U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions told a meeting of the Fraternal Order of Police union in Nashville, Tennessee, earlier on Monday. “We will not put superficial concerns above public safety. We will do our best to get you what you need.” Sessions did not specify what those superficial concerns were. Sessions said helmets and body armor available through the Defense Department program were the types of equipment that saved the life of a police officer during the 2016 Orlando, Florida, nightclub shooting. And helicopters and armored vehicles are vital to emergency and disaster response, he said. Monday’s order drew criticism from some of Trump’s fellow Republicans in Congress. “It is one thing for federal officials to work with local authorities to reduce or solve crime, but it is another for them to subsidize militarization,” Senator Rand Paul said in a statement. Paul promised to introduce legislation that would ban transfers of certain military equipment to local law enforcement agencies, improve transparency surrounding such transfers, and require the agencies to return equipment prohibited under the proposed law. U.S. Representative Mark Sanford also condemned the executive order, criticizing the transfer program as a potential waste of taxpayers’ dollars. He said in a statement that he had introduced a bill in 2016 to auction off military equipment instead of give it to local agencies. The Defense Department’s law enforcement support program has transferred more than $6 billion worth of equipment to police agencies since its inception 25 years ago, Pentagon figures show. ",1
1996,Lawmakers should OK relief for Harvey victims: Nancy Pelosi,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives’ Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi said on Monday that Republicans and Democrats should join together to pass timely relief for victims of Tropical Storm Harvey, which has been hitting Texas with historic flooding. “Republicans must be ready to join Democrats in passing a timely relief bill that makes all necessary resources available through emergency spending,” Pelosi said in a statement. She also said that because the National Flood Insurance Program is expiring at the end of September, lawmakers must move quickly  to ensure that affordable flood insurance continues to be available. ",1
1997,Energy Secretary Perry cancels Kazakhstan visit due to hurricane,"ALMATY (Reuters) - United States Energy Secretary Rick Perry has canceled a planned visit to Kazakhstan on Monday, the U.S. embassy in Kazakhstan said, due to Hurricane Harvey. “Due to Hurricane Harvey and the Department of Energy’s duty to react to emergencies related to power supply and energy infrastructure, the planned visit by Energy Secretary Rick Perry to Astana is canceled,” the embassy said in a Russian-language statement. Deputy Secretary Dan Brouillette would lead the U.S. delegation instead of Perry, it said. Perry was due to meet Kazakh Energy Minister Kanat Bozumbayev later on Monday. U.S. companies are among the biggest investors in the oil-rich Central Asian nation. Harvey, which wreaked havoc along the U.S. Gulf coast over the weekend, is the most powerful hurricane to hit Texas in more than 50 years, killing at least two people, causing large-scale flooding, and forcing the closure of Houston port as well as several refineries. ",1
1998,Trump's firm sought Moscow real estate deal during presidential run: Washington Post,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s company was pursuing a Moscow real estate deal while he was running for U.S. president in late 2015 and early 2016, the Washington Post reported on Sunday. The Post report cited people familiar with the proposal and records viewed by Trump Organization lawyers. The newspaper said investors and Trump’s company had signed a letter of intent to build a Trump Tower in Moscow but the project, lacking land and permits, was abandoned at the end of January 2016, just before the U.S. presidential primaries began, according to several people familiar with the proposal. The White House initially referred Reuters’ queries to White House special counsel Ty Cobb and later to the Trump Organization. Neither responded immediately to a request for comment. The Washington Post report comes amid investigations by an independent special counsel and congressional committees into whether Trump campaign aides colluded with Moscow to influence the 2016 U.S. election. Trump and the Russian government have denied any collusion. In July 2016, Trump denied business connections with Russia and said on Twitter: “for the record, I have ZERO investments in Russia.” He told a news conference the next day: “I have nothing to do with Russia.” Discussions about the Moscow project began in earnest in September 2015, the Washington Post said, citing people briefed on the deal. An unidentified investor planned to build the project and, under a licensing agreement, put Trump’s name on it. However, it was unclear how involved or aware Trump was of his company’s negotiations, the newspaper reported. Before the project was dropped, a Russian-born real estate developer had urged Trump to visit Moscow to promote the proposal and suggested he could get Russian President Vladimir Putin to say “great things” about Trump, according to the report, which cited people briefed on the correspondence. Trump, who was elected in November 2016, never went to Moscow, the newspaper said. Details about the proposed deal were contained in a batch of emails to be turned over to congressional investigators shortly, the report said. ",1
1999,Trump renews threat to scrap NAFTA going into next round of talks,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump renewed his threat to scrap NAFTA and ripped on trading partners Canada and Mexico in a tweet early on Sunday, days before the three countries were scheduled to hold a second round of negotiations on rewriting the 23-year-old agreement. “We are in the NAFTA (worst trade deal ever made) renegotiation process with Mexico & Canada. Both being very difficult, may have to terminate?” he wrote. In a separate Sunday morning tweet, Trump repeated his pledge that Mexico will eventually pay for his proposed border wall, saying the barrier is needed due to Mexico’s high crime rate. In response, Mexico’s foreign ministry issued a statement Sunday afternoon reiterating the country’s position that it will not “in any way or under any circumstance” pay for Trump’s signature border wall. The ministry added that overcoming violent crime associated with cross-border drug trafficking is the responsibility of both nations, pointing to the high demand for drugs in the United States from Mexico and other countries.   Trump, a Republican, promised during his campaign to build the wall and overhaul or eliminate the North American Free Trade Agreement, which he cast as killing jobs and exacerbating the U.S. deficit, and to adopt a more protectionist stance for trade generally.  The first five-day round of talks between the three countries concluded last Sunday, with all sides committing to follow an accelerated process in revamping the agreement, which was originally signed by former President Bill Clinton, a Democrat whose wife, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, ran against Trump in the 2016 election. The second round of NAFTA talks will kick off on Friday in Mexico City. Mexico’s negotiating position will continue to be “serious and constructive” and the country’s negotiators will not hash out differences “via social media or the press,” the foreign ministry’s statement said. Going into the next round of NAFTA talks, Trump has kept the heat turned up. Both Mexico and Canada have dismissed his musing in a Tuesday speech that “we’ll end up probably terminating NAFTA at some point” as a negotiating tactic. ",1
2000,Tillerson says U.S. will keep up 'peaceful pressure' on North Korea,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Sunday the firing of three ballistic missiles by North Korea this week was a provocative act but that the United States will continue to seek a peaceful resolution.  “We do view it as a provocative act against the United States and our allies,” Tillerson said in an interview on Fox News Sunday. “We’re going to continue our peaceful pressure campaign as I have described it, working with allies, working with China as well to see if we can bring the regime in Pyongyang to the negotiating table.” ",1
2001,"Trump was wrong to pardon controversial sheriff, Ryan says","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump should not have pardoned a former Arizona sheriff who was convicted of criminal contempt in a case of racial profiling, the Republican speaker of the House of Representatives, Paul Ryan, said on Saturday. Trump announced on Friday he was pardoning Joe Arpaio, an anti-immigration hardliner found guilty last month for flouting a 2011 court order that barred officers from detaining Latino motorists solely on the suspicion they were illegal immigrants. “Law-enforcement officials have a special responsibility to respect the rights of everyone in the United States. We should not allow anyone to believe that responsibility is diminished by this pardon,” Ryan said in a statement. “The speaker does not agree with the decision,” Ryan’s spokesman Doug Andres said. Some other prominent Republicans, including Arizona Senator John McCain and former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, have also criticized Trump for the controversial pardon. Arpaio, 85, was an outspoken supporter of Trump’s presidential campaign and both men have argued for tougher policies against illegal immigration. As president, Trump has broad powers to issue pardons and he had said Arpaio was convicted for “doing his job”.  Arpaio lost his own bid for re-election in Arizona’s Maricopa County in November, after 24 years in office. ",1
2002,"Gorka, a Trump adviser and Bannon ally, is out: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - White House adviser Sebastian Gorka, who was closely aligned with a nationalist faction led by ousted senior strategist Steve Bannon, no longer works for President Donald Trump, the White House said on Friday. “Sebastian Gorka did not resign, but I can confirm he no longer works at the White House,” a White House official said in a statement. The official did not elaborate, but the statement suggested that Gorka had been fired. Gorka had reportedly feuded with national security adviser General H.R. McMaster and was unhappy with the decision Trump announced this week - backed by McMaster and the U.S. military - to reorient U.S. policy in Afghanistan. Gorka, who frequently appeared on cable news shows to tout Trump’s policies, was a divisive figure within the  administration, seen by veteran intelligence professionals and diplomats as an ideologue with little real-world experience. He is the latest in a string of hawkish or nationalist advisers to leave the National Security Council and other parts of the White House in recent weeks, suggesting that in the battle among Trump’s foreign policy advisers, internationalist voices such as those of McMaster, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson are prevailing. Earlier, the conservative Federalist news outlet, citing multiple sources familiar with the situation, said Gorka, a counterterrorism expert, had quit. In a letter of resignation, Gorka expressed dissatisfaction with the current state of the Trump administration, the Federalist said. “As a result, the best and most effective way I can support you, Mr. President, is from outside the People’s House,” Gorka was quoted as saying in the letter.  Trump fired Bannon a week ago in the latest White House shake-up, removing a far-right architect of his 2016 election victory and a driving force behind his nationalist and anti-globalization agenda. “Regrettably, outside of yourself, the individuals who most embodied and represented the policies that will ‘Make America Great Again,’ have been internally countered, systematically removed, or undermined in recent months. This was made patently obvious as I read the text of your speech on Afghanistan this week,” he said in the letter. A U.S. citizen born in Britain with Hungarian parents, Gorka worked as national security editor at Bannon’s Breitbart news website, where he often warned of Islamic terrorism. ",1
2003,Trump likely to rescind Obama 'Dreamer' program: media reports,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump is likely to rescind an Obama-era policy that protects nearly 600,000 immigrants who entered the country illegally as children and are known as “Dreamers,” according to media reports on Friday. Trump’s decision on whether to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, policy could be announced as early as next week, reported ABC News, citing multiple sources. Attorney General Jeff Sessions discussed the program with senior White House officials on Thursday, according to an administration official. Department of Homeland Security spokesman David Lapan denied reports that the department had made any recommendations on DACA to the White House. “There have been continuing discussions about DACA but nothing has been determined,” Lapan told Reuters. White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders told reporters on Friday that the program continues to be under review. A White House spokesperson told Reuters that only Congress can legislate a permanent solution for the plight of children who are currently protected from deportation by DACA. Trump had pledged on the election campaign trail to scrap all of former President Barack Obama’s executive orders on immigration, including DACA. Immigrant advocates reacted to the news with a flurry of statements, promising to defend the program with protest and legal action. “Immigrant youth fought to create the DACA program and we will fight like hell to defend it,” said Greisa Martinez Rosas, Advocacy Director and DACA-beneficiary of United We Dream said in a statement. Civil rights groups said ending the program could increase racial divisions in the country in the wake of the recent violence in Charlottesville. Ten Republican state attorneys general in June urged the Trump administration to rescind the DACA program, while noting that the government did not have to revoke permits that had already been issued. If the federal government did not withdraw DACA by Sept. 5, the attorneys general said they would file a legal challenge to the program in a Texas federal court. The 10 who signed the letter represent Alabama, Arkansas,  Idaho, Kansas, Louisiana, Nebraska, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas and West Virginia. A larger coalition of 26 Republican attorneys general had challenged the Obama-era policy covering illegal immigrant parents, known as DAPA, that had been blocked by the courts before it took effect. The Department of Homeland Security rescinded that policy earlier this year. ",1
