id,title,text,label
8517,"Trump, in shift, to call for top tax rate of 33 percent rather than 25 percent: CNBC","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump will call for a top income tax rate of 33 percent, rather than the 25 percent he previously had proposed, CNBC reported on Monday, citing remarks by an informal Trump adviser. In a tweet and posting on its website, CNBC said Larry Kudlow, a contributor at the cable outlet who is helping to shape Trump’s tax plan, made the remarks. ",1
8518,"Trump would freeze new federal regulations, revive Keystone: speech","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump would impose a temporary moratorium on new federal regulations and revive Transcanada’s Keystone pipeline project, according to an outline of an economic speech Monday obtained by Reuters. Trump’s proposals include measures to simplify taxes for everyone and dramatically reduce the income tax and to “remove bureaucrats who only know how to kill jobs; replace them with  experts who know how to create jobs,” according to the outline. ",1
8519,Trump to propose deduction on childcare spending: aide,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump will propose allowing parents to deduct spending on childcare from their income taxes in a speech on Monday meant to challenge the economic policies of Democratic rival Hillary Clinton, a campaign aide said. The aide, who asked not to be identified, said on Sunday in outlining the plan: “We don’t want it to be an economic disadvantage to have children.” The aide said the campaign would have a more detailed childcare plan in the future. A wealthy businessman seeking his first public office, Trump seeks to counter Clinton’s argument he is out of touch with the problems of working families. He will also say that, unlike Clinton, his business policies would encourage companies to remain in the United States, a concern of blue-collar workers he has tried to court, the aide said. In his speech, to business leaders of the Detroit Economic Club, Trump will also propose stronger protections for American intellectual property and a temporary moratorium on new regulations, the aide said. Seeking to move beyond a week of discord, Trump will outline  plans for trade, taxes, regulation and energy policy. His plans include proposing a 15 percent corporate tax rate, an idea that is on his website. The current federal rate is 35 percent. Senior aides and supporters said in television appearances on Sunday that Trump wanted to put behind him his disputes of last week with Republican Party leaders and the parents of a Muslim American soldier killed in Iraq. With the economy a major issue, Clinton on Thursday lays out a plan of her own for the “biggest investment in good-paying jobs since World War Two,” her campaign said. A Democrat like President Barack Obama, Clinton will be buoyed by figures released on Friday showing U.S. employment rose more than expected for a second month in a row in July and wages picked up, bolstering expectations of faster economic growth. Clinton has pledged that no family should pay more than 10 percent of its income on childcare. She has called for a tax cut to help middle-class parents cope with rising childcare costs and an expansion of a federally funded program that provides education and health services to low-income families with young children. In a phone call lasting little more than an hour on Sunday and run by some of Trump’s most senior aides, members of his newly announced economic advisory group shared their views on policy, said banker Stephen Calk, one of the members who took part. The Clinton campaign has criticized Trump over the advisory group, announced on Friday, for including no women and relying on members who come from hedge funds and investment banking, a make-up at odds somewhat with Trump’s populist message. Calk, chief executive of Federal Savings Bank and National Bancorp Holdings, said Trump had asked advisory group members to nominate women and minorities who could be added to the group. He said there were some “big, recognizable” names on the call who would be announced soon as joining the team but did not elaborate. A new Washington Post-ABC News opinion poll on Sunday showed Trump trailing Clinton by 8 percentage points after her party’s convention in Philadelphia. A Reuters/Ipsos poll out on Friday showed the race closer three months ahead of the Nov. 8 presidential election. ",1
8520,"Bentley, former Congresswoman from Maryland, dies at 92","(Reuters) - Helen Delich Bentley, a former journalist and a U.S. Republican congresswoman from Maryland who gained global attention by smashing Japanese goods to protest Tokyo’s trade policies, died over the weekend at the age of 92, officials said. Bentley upset a longtime Democratic congressman to win a U.S. House of Representatives seat in 1984, a year in which Ronald Reagan’s landslide victory in the presidential race helped bring several new faces from the party to Congress. The five-term congresswoman was a staunch advocate for the port of Baltimore and the state’s maritime industry. After reports that Japanese company Toshiba had sold technology to the Soviet Union to help their submarines sail more quietly, she led other members of Congress who used a sledgehammer to smash Japanese-made goods on the Capitol steps. The event came as tensions were running high with Tokyo over a widening U.S. trade deficit with the country.  She left Congress to run for governor of Maryland but lost in the party’s primary. “Congresswoman Bentley worked with tenacity, energy, and passion on behalf of her constituents, making her a rare breed in politics and a role model to public servants across Maryland,” current Maryland Governor Larry Hogan, a Republican, wrote in a Facebook post. Bentley was born in 1923 in Nevada and her parents were immigrants from Yugoslavia. After earning a bachelor’s degree in journalism, she found a job with the Baltimore Sun, beginning a three-decade long relationship with the newspaper in which she wrote ground-breaking stories on the maritime industry and labor, according to her congressional biography. She died on Saturday at her home in Timonium, a Baltimore suburb, the Baltimore Sun reported, adding Bentley had been diagnosed with brain cancer. ",1
8521,Trump ends difficult week by focusing on Hillary Clinton,"WINDHAM, N.H. (Reuters) - Republican Donald Trump on Saturday ended a tough week for his campaign in the state that launched him toward the presidential nomination and he did what Republicans have been urging him to do: Keep the focus on Democrat Hillary Clinton. “Her greatest achievement is getting out of trouble,” Trump told supporters. Trump’s victory in the Feb. 10 Republican primary in New Hampshire put him in position to win the party’s nomination, but he trails Clinton in the state by 15 points in the latest WBUR/MassINC poll, 47 percent to 32 percent. Trump came to New Hampshire after a troubled week in which he tangled with fellow Republican leaders and sparred verbally with the parents of a Muslim soldier who died fighting for the United States in Iraq in 2004. Clinton, getting a lift from the Democratic National Convention, took advantage of Trump’s stumbles to surge into the lead in national polls and in many battleground states.  Now Trump has begun heeding the advice of Republican officials who say he needs to take the fight to Clinton to give the party a chance to win the White House on Nov. 8. Trump seized on Clinton’s comments Friday that she had “short-circuited” when she said a week ago that FBI Director James Comey had said she had been truthful to the American people in her use of a private email server while U.S. secretary of state from 2009 to 2013. In fact, Comey had concluded that Clinton was “extremely careless” with classified emails. He directly contradicted many of the statements Clinton had made about her use of the server. Trump spent the lion’s share of a campaign speech in a crowded high school gymnasium to go after Clinton on the subject in trying to raise questions about her trustworthiness. “I think the people of this country don’t want somebody who is going to short circuit,” Trump said. Trump also sought to turn the tables on Clinton, who has consistently accused the New York developer of being temperamentally unfit to be president. “She is a totally unhinged person,” Trump said. ",1
8522,On the trail with Mike Pence: Putting out fires lit by Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - If Mike Pence had any doubts about what life would be like on the 2016 Republican presidential ticket with Donald Trump, the past week will have erased them: He is the damage control guy. The Indiana governor who swore off political mudslinging years ago heard Trump call Democratic rival Hillary Clinton “the devil” and watched him fan the flames of a feud with the parents of a Muslim soldier who died saving U.S. troops in Iraq. Unlike many vice presidential running mates, the mild-mannered Pence was not tapped as the attack dog in the Nov. 8  presidential election. Trump has that part down pat. Pence’s job is harder: softening Trump’s rough edges and limiting the fallout from what many Republicans see as the nominee’s self-inflicted wounds. A week ago, for example, Pence rowed back on Trump’s blacklist of some media outlets, saying the campaign is discussing changing course. Last Sunday, as Trump’s dispute with the parents of slain U.S. Army Captain Humayun Khan boiled over, Pence issued a statement praising the soldier as an “American hero” and saying that his family “should be cherished by every American.”     On Wednesday, Pence offered his own endorsement to House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, the top U.S. elected Republican, after Trump infuriated many party leaders by declining to endorse Ryan in his re-election bid. Pence, who swore off negative campaigning after losing a vituperative congressional race in 1990, eschews name calling. Trump, by contrast, delights in using monikers such as “Crooked Hillary” and “the devil” to describe Clinton. Trump has made clear he values Pence, telling a rally on Thursday in Portland, Maine, that he and his running mate have a “great relationship.” But Pence must walk a fine line. Even as he defuses Trump’s verbal bombs, Pence must be careful to show he knows who is boss. He also has to stick to his own principles while not appearing to be trying to undermine the man who chose him as his No. 2. Should Trump win, Pence, a former congressman, could serve as a conduit to the U.S. Congress. But if Trump loses, Pence could emerge as a possible White House contender for 2020. Republican strategist Charlie Black said Pence has shown some political deftness. “He should have expected he would do some of this and provide more of the even-tempered, articulate, measured responses,” Black said. But Republican strategist Ryan Williams said Pence is in an “impossible spot” and said that Trump’s missteps could cast a shadow over his running mate’s political future.     “Mike Pence is a good Republican but unfortunately he will be associated with the controversies that have ensnared the Trump-Pence ticket and will be tied to whatever the consequences of this election are,”  Williams said.     Trump’s off-the-cuff insults and controversial proposals, such as a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States and a plan to build a wall along the Mexican border to keep illegal immigrants out, have made many in the party establishment uneasy. The Republican nominee’s feud with the Khan family made for an awkward moment for Pence at a campaign event in Carson City, Nevada. A military mother asked Pence how could he tolerate Trump’s disrespect for the armed forces, which prompted boos. Pence admonished the crowd to tone it down. “Folks, that’s what freedom looks like and that’s what freedom sounds like,” he said before calling Humayun Khan an American hero. Pence was asked on Thursday by an 11-year-old boy at a North Carolina rally if his role was “softening up” Trump’s policies and words. Pence replied that he and Trump were “shoulder to shoulder” in the campaign. Christopher Devine, co-author of the book “The VP Advantage” and an assistant political science professor at the University of Dayton in Ohio, said that if Trump loses the November election, Pence may try to position himself as a conservative bridge between Trump supporters and traditional Republicans. That may be an added reason for Pence’s cautious approach. “He has to be very careful about how he handles the defense of Donald Trump,” Devine said. ",1
8523,Obama administration releases redacted version of drone policy,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Obama administration released a redacted version of President Barack Obama’s once-secret policy on drone strikes abroad following a freedom of information lawsuit filed last year, the American Civil Liberties Union said on Saturday. The release of the 18-page Presidential Policy Guidance document, as well as other Department of Defense papers, follows an order by a U.S. District Court judge in February requiring the Justice Department to disclose the document, also known as “the Playbook.” It sets out the law and rules the government must follow when carrying out targeted killings and the capture of terrorist suspects abroad.  Obama pledged in 2013 to provide greater transparency about counter-terrorism operations, including drone strikes overseas, amid calls by some U.S. lawmakers and rights groups for more openness.   ACLU’s deputy legal director, Jameel Jaffer, welcomed the release of the documents, saying they provide new details about policy standards and insights into the process for targeting individuals with lethal force or for capture. “Its release now will inform an ongoing debate about the lawfulness and wisdom of the government’s counter-terrorism policies,” Jaffer said in a statement. The ACLU’s lawsuit sought information, among other things, on the law and policies used to justify lethal force and how the government picks targets. According to the documents, published by the ACLU, strikes against high-value terrorist targets can be taken “when there is near certainty” that the person is present, and that no civilians will be injured or killed, and is necessary to “achieve U.S. policy objectives”. The administration has defended its use of drones as essential in fighting al Qaeda and other militants in countries such as Pakistan, Afghanistan and Yemen. Some drone strikes have killed civilians who were not targets, igniting local anger. “The president has emphasized that the U.S. Government should be as transparent as possible with the American people about our counter-terrorism operations, the manner in which they are conducted, and their results,” National Security Council spokesman Ned Price said of Saturday’s release of documents. “Our counter-terrorism actions are effective and legal, and their legitimacy is best demonstrated by making public more information about these actions as well as setting clear standards for other nations to follow,” he added. Naureen Shah, Amnesty International’s U.S. director for security and human rights, also welcomed the documents but said more was needed to ensure the policy was followed. “The Obama administration’s disclosures are welcome but they only tell part of the story and obscure disturbing practices. We still know extremely little about the standards that would govern signature strikes and so-called rescuer strikes, which have involved potentially unlawful killings,” Shah added. ",1
8524,"Trump endorses Ryan, senators in effort to right campaign ship","GREEN BAY, Wis./WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Donald Trump acted to steer his White House campaign back into favor with his party’s establishment on Friday by endorsing U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan and two Republican senators seeking re-election, after expressing coolness toward them earlier this week. “I need a Republican Senate and a House to accomplish all of the changes that we have to make,” Trump said during a rally in Green Bay, in northern Wisconsin, Ryan’s home state. He also endorsed Senators John McCain of Arizona and Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire, calling Ayotte a “rising star.” “We will have disagreements, but we will disagree as friends,” Trump said,  Trump earlier this week refused to endorse Ryan, telling The Washington Post he was “not quite there yet” - nearly the same phrase Ryan had used about Trump before finally endorsing him. Trump said in the same interview that McCain had not done enough for veterans and criticized Ayotte for distancing herself from him during the campaign. Ryan, the top U.S. elected Republican, had no plans to attend the Wisconsin event, a sign of lingering frictions between the pair, even though Trump’s running mate, Mike Pence, did endorse him. Ryan’s Republican primary challenger, businessman Paul Nehlen, did attend, according to a spokesman. Ryan is expected to win the challenge for his House seat in next week’s Republican primary, and he is viewed by many Republicans as a possible presidential candidate in the future. The tension between Ryan and Trump caused deep frustration among party leaders and lawmakers. Trump’s endorsement came as one of several steps to get his campaign back on track after days of controversy and falling poll numbers that have given Democrat Hillary Clinton the advantage in the race to the Nov. 8 election. In the latest Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Friday, Clinton’s lead over Trump narrowed to less than 3 percentage points, down from nearly 8 points on Monday. Trump said on Friday he wanted a “big tent” party with multiple viewpoints welcome. He said he was endorsing the Republican lawmakers due to their “shared mission to make America great again.” Trump also announced a new advisory team to help guide him on economic policy. The group relies heavily on hedge fund managers and investment bankers, a group Trump has railed against. There are no women on the team. Trump plans to release his economic policy framework in a speech in Detroit on Monday, an event that will offer him a chance to avoid theatrics and detail how he would handle economic issues if elected. Trump economic adviser Stephen Moore told Reuters that the candidate’s plan would focus on four areas: tax, deregulation, energy policy and trade. “It’s going to be an all-encompassing look at how we reform the economy,” Moore said. At events in Des Moines, Iowa, and Green Bay, Trump showed discipline that is unusual at his often free-wheeling rallies, calling Clinton the “queen of corruption” and defending himself against her charge that he is temperamentally unfit for the White House. “All my life I’ve been told, ‘You have the greatest temperament,’” he said in Des Moines. He also said voters should consider supporting him because of Pence, who appeared with him at both events. “If you don’t like me, that’s okay. Vote for Pence because it’s the same thing,” Trump said. Trump bashed the media as well, saying reporters over-hyped an incident earlier in the week and claimed he kicked a baby out of an event in Virginia. “I love babies,” he said. “SHORT-CIRCUITED” Clinton sought to take advantage of Trump’s dip in the polls at a conference of minority journalists in Washington, where she pledged an all-out fight for comprehensive immigration reform. And she did what she has rarely done during the presidential campaign: take questions from reporters. She addressed two of the largest issues that continue to dog her campaign: the controversy over her use of a private email server while she was U.S. secretary of state and continuing skepticism among voters about her trustworthiness. Clinton conceded that she had “short-circuited” earlier in the week in interviews when she had asserted that FBI director James Comey had concluded that she had been truthful in her statements about use of the private server.  Clinton had repeatedly said she never sent emails containing classified material, a finding that Comey contradicted at the conclusion of the FBI’s probe in July, when he rebuked her for “extremely careless” handling of classified information while recommending that no criminal charges be filed. On Friday, Clinton maintained, “I never sent or received anything marked classified,” while acknowledging that some material she sent may retroactively have been considered classified by other government agencies. Republicans have repeatedly charged that Clinton endangered national security with her handling of classified material. The email controversy has fueled a perception among a majority of voters that Clinton is untrustworthy. “I take it seriously,” she said. Still, as she has often done during her career, Clinton attributed much of her low standing on this issue to attacks from Republicans. Trump’s campaign said his economic advisory panel included former steel executive Dan DiMicco; Howard Lorber, CEO of tobacco company Vector Group Ltd (VGR.N); and Trump campaign finance chairman and investment manager Steven Mnuchin.  Hedge fund managers John Paulson and Steve Feinberg, Moore, the Trump economic adviser, and David Malpass, who has served in previous Republican administrations, were also named. Trump’s moves came after many Republicans urged the candidate to correct course following a tumultuous week. The real estate mogul and former reality television star was  caught up for days in a public spat with the parents of a Muslim  American soldier killed in Iraq. The parents had criticized Trump at last week’s Democratic National Convention. Many Republicans, including Ryan, McCain and Ayotte, were critical of Trump’s insistent attacks on the pair. ",1
8525,Clinton's lead over Trump narrows to less than three points: Reuters/Ipsos poll,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s lead over Republican rival Donald Trump narrowed to less than 3 percentage points, according to a Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll released on Friday, down from nearly eight points on Monday. About 42 percent of likely voters favored Clinton, to Trump’s 39 percent, according to the July 31-Aug. 4 online poll of 1,154 likely voters. The poll had a credibility interval of plus or minus 3 percentage points, meaning that the results suggest the race is roughly even. Among registered voters over the same period, Clinton held a lead of five percentage points, down from eight percentage points on Monday, according to the poll.  The reasons behind the shift were unclear.  Clinton had pulled well ahead of Trump on the heels of the Democratic National Convention last week, where she became the first woman to accept the U.S. presidential nomination from a major political party.  Since then, Trump has engaged in a days-long feud with the family of an American soldier killed in Iraq and squabbled with the Republican leadership over his comments and leadership turmoil within his campaign. Trump, in recent days, however, has sought to refocus. On Friday he announced his economic policy advisory team, said he would deliver an economic policy speech early next week, and was expected to endorse U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, the top U.S. elected Republican, who is seeking his 10th term in Congress. An average of polls aggregated by Real Clear Politics showed Clinton ahead of Trump by 6.8 percentage points on Friday, up from 3.9 on Aug. 1. ",1
8526,Factbox: Republican presidential candidate Trump's economic team,"(Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Friday announced his team of economic advisers, among whom are a hedge fund manager, a former top steel executive and a former high-ranking U.S. government official.  Trump said he would deliver a speech on his economic policy plan on Monday. Here are some facts on the members of his economic team: Paulson is best known on Wall Street for his bet against the overheated housing market in 2007 that netted him and his investors billions of dollars in profits. But Paulson’s calls on stocks and the economy have been less accurate lately. His investments have lost some $15 billion in assets in the last five years, leaving his Paulson & Co Inc hedge fund with roughly $13 billion at the end of June. He is known for making contrarian bets and being patient.  He has been one of only a handful of hedge fund managers to have publicly endorsed Trump. Many others have said privately that they are still on the fence or leaning toward his Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton. Feinberg is chief executive officer of Cerberus Capital Management LP, a private equity firm he co-founded in 1992.  He headed the investment firm during its failed takeover of automaker Chrysler in 2007. The investment firm served as Chrysler’s majority owner until the troubled car maker was restructured in a government-sponsored bankruptcy in 2009. Feinberg had promised to revive the company, according to a New York Times profile, but instead lost billions. (here) Feinberg has defended his role to try to save the carmaker. He ultimately had to appeal to Washington for help.      Malpass served under two previous Republican administrations, first as a deputy assistant Treasury secretary for President Ronald Reagan and later as a deputy assistant secretary of State for President George H.W. Bush.         Malpass, in a CNBC interview on Friday, called for greater infrastructure spending as well as tax cuts, trade reform, regulatory reform and energy reform, although he gave few specifics. “We need more effective spending and Trump wants to do that - to have stronger finances for the country,” he said. Malpass has been a vocal critic of the U.S. Federal Reserve’s monetary policy since the financial crisis, in particular its large bond holdings. Malpass, who was also previously chief economist at investment bank Bear Stearns, now runs Encima Global Llc, an investment consulting firm.      Navarro is the only adviser on the list with a doctorate in economics and the only one who has spent most of his life as an academic. He earned his doctorate at Harvard University and is now a professor of economics and public policy at the University of California, Irvine’s business school. Navarro has written nine books, three of them critical about China’s effect on the rest of the world, including “Death by China: Confronting the Dragon – A Global Call to Action.” He thinks the United States should be tougher on trade and intellectual property theft and has proposed slapping a 45 percent tariff on Chinese imports.     Navarro recently wrote in an opinion piece in the Los Angeles Times that Trump would crack down on any country “that cheats on its trade deals using practices such as currency manipulation and illegal export subsidies.” (here) Lorber is president and CEO of holding company Vector Group Ltd (VGR.N), whose three subsidiaries make cigarettes as well as e-cigarettes. Vector also operates two real estate subsidiaries: a real estate investment company and a real estate brokerage firm.  A fellow New Yorker, Trump's campaign has mentioned Lorber as one of Trump's best friends. (here) The two traveled together to Russia in the 1990s, according to news reports. A former partner at Goldman Sachs Group Inc who now works in entertainment financing, Mnuchin is chairman and CEO of private investment firm Dune Capital Management LP.  Trump named Mnuchin, who had a long history of political donations to Democrats, including to Hillary Clinton, as his finance chair in May. Mnuchin has said he has had a personal and professional relationship with Trump for more than 15 years.  DiMicco is the former chief executive and executive chairman of steel producer Nucor Corp (NUE.N), one of the biggest U.S. steelmakers. His outspoken push for tougher U.S. trade policies to support domestic manufacturing and his fierce anti-China rhetoric have made him one of the most high-profile executives in the steel industry. In recent years, he has taken his campaign for new trade rules online and has publicly endorsed Trump’s call for a tougher approach on trade.  “You don’t win a Trade War with appeasement or more Free Trade agreements,” DiMicco wrote in a July 10 blog post on his website, www.dandimicco.com.  Moore is one of the leading conservative economic voices in the United States. He embraces tax cuts as key to economic growth, as well as free trade and immigration reform. Moore founded the anti-tax advocacy group Club for Growth, where he served until he left the organization in 2004. He later served as a member of The Wall Street Journal editorial board.      He is currently a fellow at the conservative think tank The Heritage Foundation, focusing on economic growth.  Barrack is a longtime friend of Trump and a fellow hotel developer. He is the founder and executive chairman of private equity firm Colony Capital Inc CLNY.N and is co-chairman of the board of trustees of Colony Starwood Homes SFR.N. Barrack spoke out in favor of Trump at the Republican National Convention in July, but afterwards his company announced it was dropping out of Trump's Old Post Office hotel project in Washington, according to a report in The Washington Post. (here) Kowalski has served as the deputy staff director of the Republican staff of the Senate Budget Committee and has over 20 years of experience in fiscal policy at the federal, state and local levels of government. He has a master’s degree in public policy from Harvard’s Kennedy School of Government.  Beal is the founder and chairman of Beal Bank as well as affiliated companies including, CSG Investments, Inc, Loan Acquisition Corporation, and CLG Hedge Fund, LLC.  Calk is the founder, chairman and CEO of Federal Savings Bank, and National Bancorp Holdings. He is a commissioned Army officer and received his MBA from Northwestern University.  Roth is chairman of the board and chief executive officer of Vornado Realty Trust (VNO.N), which focuses on real estate investments in New York City and Washington, D.C. Vornado and Trump are partners in an office building in midtown Manhattan. ",1
8527,Trump's economic advisory group clashes with populist image,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s team of economic policy advisers is packed with moguls from the hedge fund and investment banking industries that he has railed against in the past. And none of them are women - a demographic group he needs to court if he hopes to win in November. Trump’s campaign has been powered by a populist message that criticizes corporate America for outsourcing jobs, profiting at the expense of everyday workers and buying influence in Washington. The message resonates best with middle-class and working-class voters buffeted by the forces of globalization.  But among the members of the 13-member team of advisers announced on Friday are hedge-fund billionaire John Paulson and investment bankers Steve Feinberg and Andy Beal, as well as a former top steel executive and a former high-ranking U.S. government official.  “‎It is a hallowed campaign tradition. Malign an industry, but court its wealthy big shots,” said Erik Gordon, a professor of law and business at the University of Michigan. The reliance on Wall Street executives comes after Trump spent much of his primary campaign lambasting the industry for paying too little in taxes. “The hedge fund guys are getting away with murder,” Trump said in an interview last year. One of the best known of Trump’s panel is Paulson, whose bet against the overheated housing market in 2007 netted him and his investors billions of dollars. His bets have since gone the other way, losing some $15 billion in the last five years. Don Steinbrugge, managing partner at investment consulting firm Agecroft Partners LLC, said Trump could benefit from his advisers’ expertise on global capital markets if he “would listen to them.” Whether Trump will heed the counsel of his conservative-leaning economic advisers or steer his own course was also raised by Lanhee Chen, who served as a top policy aide to Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney in 2012.  “It’s hard to see a consistent strain of conservative economic thought,” Chen said, citing Trump’s protectionist policies on trade as an example of where Trump differs from the Republican party’s free-market economic orthodoxy. The panel also includes former steel executive Dan DiMicco; oil magnate Harold Hamm; Howard Lorber, the CEO of tobacco company Vector Group Ltd; Trump campaign finance chairman Steven Mnuchin, a former partner at Goldman Sachs who is now chairman and CEO of private investment firm Dune Capital Management LP; and David Malpass, a former official of the U.S. Treasury and State departments. James Pethokoukis, an economist with the conservative American Enterprise Institute, noted the absence of representatives from the tech and venture capital sectors.  “If I was assembling a task force to analyze the big challenges facing the American economy and to develop solutions, I am not sure that a group like this would naturally spring to mind,” he said. But the panel fits with the themes of Trump’s campaign in another way. Trump often has boasted about bringing in successful business people to tackle Washington’s entrenched problems, and many of Trump’s supporters see his background in business as among his biggest assets. Some critics seized upon the lack of women on Trump’s panel. After being asked this week to identify women he might appoint to his cabinet if elected, Trump could only respond with the name of his daughter Ivanka.  Democratic rival Hillary Clinton hit Trump on the comment in a Twitter post, comparing him to Romney who, when asked a similar question during his campaign, said he’d reviewed “binders full of women.” “We know a guy with a binder, @realDonaldTrump. (He might not take your calls, though.)” Clinton’s campaign wrote. The campaign declined to comment on Trump’s advisers. Trump has struggled with women voters since his campaign began. Some 65 percent of women have an unfavorable view of Trump, according to Reuters/Ipsos polling, compared with 53 percent who have an unfavorable view of Clinton. Kellyanne Conway, a pollster who works for the Trump campaign, said the emphasis on gender on the economic team is misplaced. Women voters, she said, care more about their economic well-being than the make-up of an advisory group. “What female voters wish to know is whose economic plan will be better for them,” she said.  ",1
8528,"Icahn declines to join Trump economic team, mulls second Super PAC"," NEW YORK (Reuters) - Billionaire investor Carl Icahn turned down an invitation to join Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s economic advisory council because Icahn is considering funding a Super PAC focused on regulatory reform, Icahn’s general counsel told Reuters on Friday.  This would be his second Super PAC. Technically known as independent expenditure-only committees, Super PACs may raise unlimited sums of money from corporations, unions, associations and individuals, then spend unlimited sums to advocate for or against political candidates.  DON’T MISS: Factbox: Trump's economic team Want to build your own Economic Dream Team? Try this machine. Trump looks to right the ship The first Super PAC Icahn formed had an initial commitment of $150 million and was targeted at “tax inversions,” which occur when a company moves its headquarters outside the United States to take advantage of lower tax rates elsewhere.  “Mr. Icahn declined the opportunity to join the Trump economic advisory council because at this time, we’re still considering whether to fund and manage our own Super PAC focused on regulatory reform,” Jesse Lynn, general counsel to Icahn, said by telephone.  “FEC (Federal Election Commission) rules would limit that activity if Mr. Icahn were to become directly involved in the campaign by joining the council,” Lynn said.  There was no immediate comment from the Trump campaign.  Trump announced his economic advisory team on Friday, and said he would release his plan to boost the U.S. economy in a speech on Monday.  Trump has floated Icahn’s name for U.S. Treasury secretary if he was elected president. Icahn, 80, has repeatedly rejected the notion of accepting such an offer.  Lynn did not give any details on what kind of regulatory reforms a new Super PAC may target.  In September, Icahn released a video titled “Danger Ahead,” in which he endorsed Trump for president and criticized the Federal Reserve for creating a new bubble in the corporate bond market.  BEST OF BIZ: Reuters Investigates: Big coal summoned Wall Street and faced a whirlwind Again at highs, stocks to take cues from consumer Breakingviews: Wal-Mart has long unicorn ride in Amazon chase He said the rich paid too little in taxes and called for an end to the loophole that allows private equity firms and some hedge fund managers to pay low tax rates on their investments by classifying them as “carried interest.”  The activist investor has recently been a vocal critic of the dangers of retail investors buying junk bonds, debt sold by highly leveraged companies. Much of this debt is sold to “Mom and Pop” investors via exchange-traded funds, a popular vehicle for trading baskets of bonds and stocks.  In October, Icahn announced his first Super PAC, which was the biggest one-time injection of money in the history of such political action committees. Icahn said the incentive for companies to leave the United States via inversion deals could be eliminated by legislation allowing big companies to repatriate funds held offshore at a discounted tax rate - an approach also favored by Trump.  A Wall Street veteran, Icahn made his fortune buying stakes in companies such as RJR Nabisco, Texaco, Phillips Petroleum, Lions Gate Entertainment Corp, Netflix Inc, Apple Inc and eBay Inc and pushing their management to change their strategies.  ",1
8529,Trump expected to endorse Ryan for re-election later on Friday: Fox News,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is expected to endorse House Speaker Paul Ryan in his bid for re-election later on Friday, Fox News reported, citing two unnamed Republican sources. Fox News said the endorsement was expected to come during a Trump campaign event in Green Bay, Wisconsin. In an interview with the Washington Post on Tuesday, Trump said he was “not quite there yet” on supporting the Wisconsin lawmaker, who is the Republican Party’s top elected official. ",1
8530,Obama says U.S. funding to fight Zika is rapidly running out,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama on Thursday called on Congress to approve additional funding to combat the spread of the Zika virus in the United States, saying that money to fight the outbreak is rapidly running out.  “Congress needs to do its job,” Obama said at a press conference after a meeting with officials at the Pentagon. “Fighting Zika costs money.” ",1
8531,Senior ex-CIA official: Putin made Trump 'an unwitting agent' of Russia,"(Reuters) - A former top CIA official attacked Donald Trump on Friday as a danger to national security, saying President Vladimir Putin had made the Republican presidential candidate an “unwitting agent” of Russia. Putin had flattered Trump into supporting positions favorable to Russia, Michael Morell, a longtime CIA officer and former deputy director of the agency, said in an opinion piece in The New York Times. “In the intelligence business, we would say that Mr. Putin had recruited Mr. Trump as an unwitting agent of the Russian Federation,” Morell said, in an article in which he endorsed Trump’s rival in the Nov. 8 election, Democrat Hillary Clinton. Morell did not provide evidence for his assertion, but he said Putin had used skills from his past as an intelligence officer to identify and exploit vulnerabilities in an individual. “That is exactly what he did early in the primaries. Mr. Putin played upon Mr. Trump’s vulnerabilities by complimenting him. He responded just as Mr. Putin had calculated,” Morell wrote. Trump’s campaign dismissed Morell’s criticism, linking the ex-CIA officer to the Obama administration’s public response after the September 2012 attacks in Benghazi, Libya. “Count how many reporters will tweet today that Michael Morell lied for #CrookedHillary to cover up Benghazi,” Trump’s campaign said in a Twitter message.  The incident, in which the U.S. ambassador and three other Americans were killed, occurred while Clinton was secretary of state, and Republicans have long criticized her handling of the attack and its aftermath. Critics say administration officials tried to play down the role of Islamist militants in the attacks. Morell approved talking points after the incident. U.S. officials have said any reference to militants taking part was initially dropped for classification reasons. Morell is currently affiliated with Beacon Global Strategies, a consulting firm with ties to senior Democrats with national security expertise, including former defense secretary and CIA director Leon Panetta and former top Clinton aide Philippe Reines.  Trump’s vice presidential running mate, Indiana Governor Mike Pence, on Friday dismissed Morell’s comments, saying that  “standing up to Russian aggression is going to be really different under a Trump-Pence administration.” “These people are playing politics,” Pence said of Morell in an interview on NBC’s “Today” program.  Morell’s article, in which he also said Trump had undermined U.S. security with his campaign proposal to combat terrorism by imposing a temporary ban on Muslims entering the country, added to questions raised by some national security experts about the New York businessman’s qualifications to be president. On Thursday, a bipartisan group of experts criticized Trump’s lukewarm support for the NATO alliance, comments about Russia’s annexation of Crimea and other matters as “disgraceful.” Trump has also drawn criticism for his praise for Putin as a strong leader, particularly after Moscow came under suspicion from U.S. officials as being behind recent hacking of Democratic Party groups. Moscow has denied the allegations.  ",1
8532,Clint Eastwood: Trump says 'dumb things' but people should 'get over it'," (Please note strong language in paragraphs 3, 11) By Jill Serjeant (Reuters) - Clint Eastwood, the 86-year-old four-time Oscar winner, excoriated the current generation of Americans as weak and overly sensitive while backing Donald Trump even though the Republican presidential hopeful has “said a lot of dumb things.” Eastwood, a prominent celebrity supporter of the Republican Party who appeared at its 2012 U.S. presidential nominating convention, offered a harsh assessment of Americans in an interview with Esquire magazine published on Wednesday. “He’s onto something because secretly everybody’s getting tired of political correctness, kissing up,” the acclaimed actor and director said of Trump. “That’s the kiss-ass generation we’re in right now. We’re really in a pussy generation. Everybody’s walking on eggshells.” “We see people accusing people of being racist and all kinds of stuff. When I grew up, those things weren’t called racist,” Eastwood added. Given the choice between Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and Trump in the Nov. 8 election, the celebrated star of “The Good, the Bad and the Ugly” said, “That’s a tough one, isn’t it? I’d have to go for Trump ... you know, ‘cause she’s declared that she’s gonna follow in Obama’s footsteps.” In one of the most unusual speeches at a major U.S. party convention, Eastwood four years ago addressed an empty chair used to symbolically represent President Barack Obama on stage at the Republican convention in Tampa, Florida, in a rambling denunciation of Obama. Asked by Esquire what troubled him most, Eastwood referred to his chair speech. “What troubles me ... I guess when I did that silly thing at the Republican convention, talking to the chair,” Eastwood said. In the interview, Eastwood made reference to the uproar in May that followed Trump’s comments accusing the judge overseeing a fraud lawsuit involving Trump University real-estate seminars of being biased against him because of Trump’s pledge to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexican border to block illegal immigrants. U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel is an American of Mexican descent. Eastwood told Esquire that Trump was portrayed as “a racist now because he’s talked about this judge.” “And yeah, it’s a dumb thing to say. I mean, to predicate your opinion on the fact that the guy was born to Mexican parents or something,” Eastwood said. “He’s said a lot of dumb things. So have all of them. Both sides. But everybody - the press and everybody’s going, ‘Oh, well, that’s racist,’ and they’re making a big hoodoo out of it. Just fucking get over it. It’s a sad time in history.” There were more than 100 tweets per minute about Eastwood on Twitter by Thursday afternoon. More than half of the tweets mentioning the Hollywood star were of negative sentiment, according to social media analytics firm Zoomph. “Clint Eastwood was born in 1930. Let’s start a list of things that weren’t considered racist when he was growing up,” tweeted Sarah McBride, the national press secretary of the Human Rights Campaign gay rights group. Others praised Eastwood, who rose to fame playing surly cowboys and cops. “Thank you Clint Eastwood. You’ve always been a personal hero. You said what needed to be said,” tweeted a person named Ruari. ",1
8533,California mayor charged in youth camp strip poker scandal,"(Reuters) - The mayor of Stockton, California, was arrested on Thursday on a felony eavesdropping charge stemming from a strip poker game he is accused of surreptitiously recording at a summer camp he hosts for disadvantaged inner-city children, prosecutors said. Mayor Anthony Ray Silva, 41, was also charged with three misdemeanor counts - contributing to the delinquency of a minor, child endangerment and furnishing alcoholic beverages to individuals under the legal drinking age of 21, according to a criminal complaint filed in court. Silva is accused of using his cellphone to make an audio recording of conversation among several young people, including a 16-year-old boy, who were playing strip poker with the mayor inside his cabin at the camp. Prosecutors said in a media statement it was evident that the participants, who were naked, were recorded against their will. Amador County District Attorney Todd Riebe said those present besides the mayor included two to three females and three males, all ranging in age from 18 to 20. The criminal complaint further accuses Silva of supplying alcohol to six underage youths. Prosecutors said some were camp counselors. The incidents, according to prosecutors, took place last August at the Stockton Silver Lake Camp in Amador County, which lies in California Gold Country on the edge of the Sierras northeast of Stockton. In addition to hosting unprivileged children at the city-leased camp each summer, Silva has served as president of the Boys & Girls Clubs of Stockton for the past six years. Silva’s lawyer, Mark Reichel, told Reuters his client “will be vindicated” and suggested the case was politically motivated, noting that the mayor, a Republican, faces a tough election run-off in November against a Democratic city councilman. Asked whether Silva was playing strip poker with youths from his camp, Reichel replied, “I highly doubt it.” Reichel added, “I can’t wait to fight them in court, so we can expose the epidemic of kids at summer camp playing strip poker.” Silva was elected mayor of Stockton, a city of about 300,000 east of San Francisco, in November 2012, months after the municipality filed for bankruptcy. The city emerged from bankruptcy protection in February 2015. Silva, who is not married, was arrested by FBI agents Thursday morning at the camp and released on $20,000 bond later in the day.  His next court date is Aug. 18. If convicted of the charges, he could face up to three years in prison. ",1
8534,Obama warns Trump not to spread details of security briefings,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama confirmed on Thursday that Donald Trump will get national security briefings ahead of the November election, but he warned the Republican candidate, whom he has called “unfit” for office, that information from the meetings must be kept secret. Obama, a Democrat who endorsed his former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in the 2016 White House race, has made clear his dismay over Trump, a New York businessman who has proposed temporarily banning Muslims from entering the United States and building a wall on the U.S. border with Mexico. On Tuesday Obama questioned why leading Republicans have not withdrawn their support for their presidential nominee. On Thursday he dismissed as ridiculous Trump’s claims that the election may be rigged. “Of course the elections will not be rigged. What does that mean?” Obama said with exasperation. “If Mr. Trump is up 10 or 15 points on Election Day and ends up losing, then maybe he can raise some questions. That doesn’t seem to be the case at the moment.” Trump is trailing Clinton in polls. Despite his disdain, Obama said Trump would get the top secret briefings on world crises and security threats to which he, Clinton and their respective vice presidential running mates are entitled. Some Republicans have said Clinton should be denied access to such briefings because of her handling of classified material on a private email server while she was secretary of state.  Obama on Thursday, speaking to reporters at the Pentagon, made clear that both candidates would be treated equally. “We are going to go by the law, which is that, in both tradition and the law, that if somebody is the nominee ... they need to get a security briefing so that if they were to win, they are not starting from scratch in terms of being prepared,” Obama said. “What I will say is that they have been told these are classified briefings,” he added, in response to a question about whether he was concerned about Trump obtaining the classified information. “And if they want to be president, they got to start acting like president, and that means being able to receive these briefings and not spread them around.” Trump has placed blame on Clinton and Obama for the rise of Islamic State, also known as ISIS. “The Obama-Clinton foreign policy gave rise to ISIS, made Iran flush with cash, and is now admitting vast numbers of refugees and migrants into the United States from some of the most volatile regions in the world,” Trump senior policy adviser Stephen Miller said in a statement. “But none of this is surprising from an Administration that allowed its Secretary of State to threaten the country with a private email server, delete her records, and lie about it to us all,” Miller said. Obama, who was meeting with his national security advisers about the fight against Islamic State, also made a subtle jab at Trump for his dispute with a Muslim couple whose U.S. Army captain son died in Iraq. Obama lauded “patriotic Muslim Americans” who fight in the U.S. armed forces. ",1
8535,"Amid campaign turmoil, Trump allies urge him to get back on track","WASHINGTON/PORTLAND, Me. (Reuters) - Supporters of Republican Donald Trump urged him to get back on message on Thursday after a week of dropping opinion poll numbers and a war of words with ranking Republicans over his U.S. presidential campaign. In response to the criticism, Trump pledged to focus more on Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton, who emerged from last week’s Democratic National Convention with a lead in the polls and who has been consistently attacking him as temperamentally unfit for the presidency. At a rally in Portland, Maine, on Thursday, Trump kept his attention on trying to undermine Clinton’s candidacy. He said the fact that she has moved past a scandal over her use of a private email server as President Barack Obama’s secretary of state was “probably the greatest accomplishment that she has ever had in politics.” Since formally accepting the Republican nomination two weeks ago, Trump has exasperated many supporters by getting bogged down in a public spat with the parents of an American soldier killed in Iraq and some fellow Republicans. Billionaire investor Wilbur Ross said he still backed Trump, but urged him to stop engaging in exchanges that benefit the Democrats and make the real estate mogul’s behavior the issue in the campaign. “This election is Donald’s to lose and so far the Democrats have been clever about baiting him and he generally has bitten,” Ross said in an email to Reuters late on Wednesday. U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, who has endorsed Trump but has not received a reciprocal endorsement from the New York businessman in his re-election bid, told WTAQ radio host Jerry Bader in Green Bay, Wisconsin, that Trump has “had a pretty strange run since the convention.” “You would think we ought to be focusing on Hillary Clinton, on all of her deficiencies. She is such a weak candidate that one would think we’d be on offense against Hillary Clinton, and it is distressing that that’s not what we’re talking about these days,” he said. Michael Caputo, a former Trump adviser who still supports him, said Trump still has time to right the ship. “Staying on message is absolutely key,” Caputo told Reuters. “After 30 years of speaking his mind, Mr. Trump has to understand that the general election for president of the United States is all about staying on message.” Actor and director Clint Eastwood, a prominent celebrity supporter of the Republican Party who appeared at its 2012 U.S. presidential nominating convention, offered an alternative view, saying Trump says some “dumb things” but that Americans should get over it. “He’s onto something because secretly everybody’s getting tired of political correctness, kissing up,” the acclaimed actor and director told Esquire magazine. “That’s the kiss-ass generation we’re in right now.” At the same time, Trump’s lukewarm support for the NATO alliance drew criticism from 37 national security experts from both Democratic and Republican administrations. “We find Trump’s comments to be reckless, dangerous, and extremely unwise,” they wrote in a statement. Obama, at a Pentagon news conference, dismissed Trump’s statements that the election could be “rigged” against him. “Of course, the elections will not be rigged,” he said. Trump’s rough patch has contributed to a dip in support in some battleground states. A WBUR/MassINC poll in New Hampshire showed Clinton leading Trump, 47 percent to 32 percent. Other polls showed Trump down 11 percentage points to Clinton in Pennsylvania and 6 percentage points in Florida, two states that are important to his chances of winning the election. Trump’s troubles are emboldening Democrats to think big. Speaking with reporters after a Clinton campaign event in Las Vegas, U.S. Senator Harry Reid, the Senate Democratic leader, said he believed traditionally Republican-leaning states such as Arizona and Georgia are going to be competitive this election, and he expects Clinton to campaign there. In Portland, some people at Trump’s rally said the candidate should stop getting distracted. “I don’t like how he gets off track,” said Bill Devine, 65, of Bath, Maine. “He needs to stay focused on his campaign.” Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort told CBS’s “This Morning” that the campaign is comfortable where it stands now and said the news media have built a false narrative in which Democrats are controlling the race to the Nov. 8 election. Manafort said that Trump’s dropping poll numbers “were expected” and that he expected the numbers to even out soon. “The framework of this election favors Donald Trump. If we run the campaign that we plan on running, we think we’re going to win,” he said.  Concern about Trump has spilled into at least one congressional race. U.S. Representative Mike Coffman, a Colorado Republican, has released a campaign ad in his own re-election bid promising to “stand up” to Trump if Trump is elected. “People ask me, ‘What do you think about Trump?’ Honestly, I don’t care for him much. And I certainly don’t trust Hillary,” Coffman said in the ad. U.S. Representative Charlie Dent, a Pennsylvania Republican, told MSNBC he could not endorse Trump because of “all these unforced errors” that Trump was making. “It just seems that he’s, at times, hell-bent on losing a very winnable election to a very seriously flawed candidate: Hillary Clinton,” Dent said. ",1
8536,"In slap at Trump, some wealthy Republicans campaign for Clinton","NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Groups of wealthy Republicans unhappy with Donald Trump have been privately courting prominent peers to join them in backing Democrat Hillary Clinton’s U.S. presidential bid, several people involved in the effort told Reuters. They say they are seeking money and endorsements from other Republicans disillusioned by Trump, their party’s candidate for the Nov. 8 presidential election. Some have received encouragement from Clinton and members of her campaign staff.  “I made the decision that I wouldn’t be able to look at my grandkids if I voted for Trump,” said Dan Webb, a former federal prosecutor and a self-described “Republican for decades” working to win over prominent Republican business people in Chicago. Trump, a New York developer making his first run at public office, has made traditional Republican donors uneasy with inflammatory statements about women, Mexicans, Muslims and war veterans, among others.  Big-name Wall Street donors can make a difference for Clinton. They could inject big money into a campaign. They might influence moderate Republicans to switch sides. Their support of Clinton challenges Trump’s assertion that his business successes make him a better candidate for president. With the political conventions barely over, the Republican effort to fundraise for Clinton is at an early stage. Some of the groups have yet to receive contributions because they must still file paperwork under campaign finance rules. Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks declined to comment for this story. Clinton spokesman Jesse Ferguson said business leaders are supporting Clinton because of her economic plan and because Trump “cannot be trusted to lead our economy.” Groups formed to support Clinton include Republicans for Her 2016, run by Republican lobbyist Craig Snyder; a grassroots organization called R4C16, led by John Stubbs and Ricardo Reyes,  officials in former President George W. Bush’s administration; and the Republican Women for Hillary group co-led by Jennifer Pierotti Lim, an official at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.  The first two groups are acting independently of Clinton’s own effort. The third is acting in concert with her campaign. “We wanted to go out there and be the voice for Republicans who were feeling wary about Trump and weird about publicly endorsing Hillary,” said Pierotti Lim, who spoke at the Democratic National Convention at the Clinton team’s invitation. Webb, a partner at law firm Winston & Strawn, said he began his outreach after being approached by billionaire investor J.B. Pritzker and longtime Clinton associate Lanny Davis. Pritzker and Davis could not be reached for comment. On Wednesday, billionaire hedge fund manager Seth Klarman said he would work to get Clinton elected because of comments by Trump he found “shockingly unacceptable.” Although Klarman, who is the president and chief executive of The Baupost Group, is a registered independent, a review of filings shows his political giving has largely benefited Republicans over the years, including some of Trump’s rivals in the state-by-state nominating contests this year. Jim Cicconi, a former Reagan and George H.W. White House staff member and lifelong Republican, said he went public with his decision to support Clinton “to encourage others in my situation to do the same thing.” “I feel like I need to do something more than quietly pulling the lever,” he said. “I’m willing to assist the campaign in any way that they want me to help.”  Spearheading in part the Clinton effort to woo Republicans on Wall Street is Democratic strategist Leslie Dach, a former Walmart executive and aide to Bill Clinton, sources close to the Clinton campaign said.  People familiar with the Clinton drive say the Democratic nominee herself has spoken to Republican business leaders, including Hewlett Packard Enterprise Chief Executive Meg Whitman, who endorsed Clinton on Tuesday. Clinton deputies courted former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg ahead of a rousing speech he gave at last month’s Democratic National Convention that urged Wall Street to support her. Whether Bloomberg, a self-made billionaire media mogul and an erstwhile Republican, will play a role in courting other Republican business leaders has yet to be determined, a source close to the discussions said. While some major donors are hesitant to back Trump, the candidate over the last month has pulled in millions of dollars in small-money donations to boost total contributions to more than $80 million for Trump’s campaign and the Republican Party, nearly matching Clinton’s $90 million haul during the same period. ",1
8537,Former U.S. security officials call Trump comments 'disgraceful',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A group of former U.S. national security officials, including some who have worked for top Republicans, called Donald Trump’s recent comments about NATO, Russia’s annexation of Crimea and other matters “disgraceful” in a letter released on Thursday. In the last month, the Republican presidential nominee has suggested he might not defend NATO allies if they did not spend more on defense, appeared to invite Russia to hack the emails of Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton and suggested he might accept Russia’s 2014 annexation of Crimea from Ukraine. “These are disgraceful statements that betray our longstanding values and national interests embraced by presidents of both parties,” said the open letter first reported by The Washington Post. Most of the 37 who signed the letter appear to be Democrats, including Madeleine Albright and Leon Panetta, respectively former secretaries of state and defense, but others served under Republican presidents and lawmakers. Among these, John Bellinger was State Department legal adviser for former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, and Randy Scheunemann, a neoconservative political operative, was foreign policy advisor to Republican John McCain’s presidential campaign. Other signatories included former career diplomats Tom Pickering, Bill Burns, Nicholas Burns and Marc Grossman, all of whom served as undersecretary of state for political affairs, effectively the third-ranking U.S. diplomat.   The letter is the latest in a series from former national security officials dismayed at the thought of a Trump presidency. In March, more than 90 Republican foreign policy veterans, including former Deputy Secretary of State Robert Zoellick, signed a letter pledging to oppose Trump and saying his proposals would undermine U.S. security. ",1
8538,House Speaker Ryan: No point in lame duck vote on TPP deal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday that he saw no point in bringing up the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal for a vote in any “lame duck” session of Congress later this year after November elections, because “we don’t have the votes.” “As long as we don’t have the votes, I see no point in bringing up an agreement only to defeat it,” Ryan, a Republican, said in an interview with Wisconsin Public Radio.  Despite both U.S. presidential candidates bashing the 12-country Pacific trade deal on the campaign trail, Obama administration officials have pledged to make a major push in coming months to persuade the Republican-majority Congress to pass TPP.  Backed by dozens of business and industry groups, officials  from the U.S. Commerce Department, the U.S. Trade Representative’s office and the White House say they are continuing to talk with individual lawmakers about the merits of the deal, including its consequences for U.S. leadership in Asia.  But Ryan said the Obama administration had negotiated a deal that “cost them dozens of votes in Congress,” and said the Democratic president needed to renegotiate some components. The speaker said some agricultural and labor provisions needed fixing, and he also believed the deal would reduce intellectual property rights for biologic drugs and pharmaceuticals. For U.S. drugmakers the deal could reduce the patent protection period to eight years from the current 12. Senator Orrin Hatch, the influential Republican chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, has also raised this as a major problem with the deal. “They have to fix this agreement and renegotiate some pieces of it if they have any hope or chance of passing it,” Ryan said in the radio interview, but added that he was doubtful this could happen. “I don’t see how they’ll ever get the votes for it.” ",1
8539,Investor Wilbur Ross urges Trump not to let his behavior become the issue,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Billionaire investor Wilbur Ross stood behind Republican Donald Trump but urged him to stop engaging in exchanges that benefit the Democrats and make the real estate mogul’s behavior the issue in the U.S. presidential campaign.  “This election is Donald’s to lose and so far the Democrats have been clever about baiting him and he generally has bitten,” Ross said in an email to Reuters late on Wednesday. Ross said Trump’s reaction in recent days to criticism by the parents of a Muslim U.S. Army captain killed in the Iraq war “has enabled the Democrats to turn the table and instead of the behavior of the quintessential Washington insider being the issue he is in danger of letting the Democrats make his behavior be the issue.” Ross added, “I assume this will change soon.” A spokeswoman for Trump did not respond to requests for comment. Ross, who has made billions of dollars betting on bankruptcies and distressed assets, is a critic of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s trade views. The comments by Ross are the latest by Republican politicians and supporters expressing concern over the Trump campaign ahead of the Nov. 8 election against Clinton. Groups of wealthy Republicans unhappy with Trump have been privately courting prominent peers to join them in backing Clinton.  Meg Whitman, a prominent Republican fundraiser, endorsed Clinton on Tuesday. ",1
8540,Obama administration denies Iran cash payment was a ransom,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Obama administration said on Wednesday that $400 million in cash paid to Iran soon after the release of five Americans detained by Tehran was not ransom as some Republicans have charged. The five, including Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian, were released on Jan. 16 in exchange for seven Iranians held in the United States for sanctions violations. The prisoner deal coincided with the lifting of international sanctions against Tehran. At the time, the United States said it had settled a longstanding Iranian claim at the Iran-U.S. Claims Tribunal in The Hague, releasing $400 million in funds frozen since 1981, plus $1.3 billion in interest that was owed to Iran. The funds were part of a trust fund Iran used before its 1979 Islamic Revolution to buy U.S. military equipment that was tied up for decades in litigation at the tribunal. Representative Jason Chaffetz, chairman of the House of Representatives Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, on Wednesday sent a letter to Secretary of State John Kerry asking him to appear at a future committee hearing to discuss the payment.  White House spokesman Josh Earnest rejected suggestions the money transfer to Iran was ransom or a secret.     “The United States, under President Obama, has not paid a ransom to secure the release of Americans unjustly detained in Iran and we’re not going to pay a ransom,” he said in response to a Wall Street Journal article that said Washington secretly organized the cash airlift.     Earnest said Republicans, who have long opposed the Iran nuclear deal, are seizing on how the money was paid to Iran as a way to undermine the deal. “They’re struggling to justify their opposition to our engagement with Iran,” he told a briefing. While there have long been questions about the timing of the payment, one Iranian concern was that the Obama administration could face too much domestic political criticism if it delayed acting on the tribunal’s decision. Due to international sanctions against Iran, the payment, made in euros, Swiss francs and other currencies, had to be made in cash, U.S. officials argue. One U.S. official said the $1.3 billion in interest was paid to Iran through the U.S. Treasury-administered Judgment Fund, which is used to pay awards against the United States. Senior officials at the Justice Department had objected to sending cash on a plane to Iran at the same time that Iran was releasing four imprisoned Americans (the fifth American was released separately) but were overruled by the State Department, The Wall Street Journal reported in a separate story on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the discussions. “People knew what it was going to look like, and there was concern the Iranians probably did consider it a ransom payment,” the newspaper quoted one of the people as saying. Justice Department prosecutors were also concerned that the United States would release too many Iranian convicts and drop too many pending criminal cases against people suspected of violating sanctions laws, the second Wall Street Journal report said. Reuters was unable to independently verify the report. In response to the report, a Department of Justice spokesman said in a statement: “The Department of Justice fully supported the ultimate outcome of the Administration’s resolution of several issues with Iran, including Hague settlement efforts, as well as the return of U.S. citizens detained in Iran. We will not comment further on internal interagency deliberations.” A senior State Department official also responded by saying that the payment had been fully an interagency decision and that any idea that the State Department had the power to overrule was false. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump blamed his Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton, who was secretary of state during Obama’s first term, for launching the talks with Iran. “Our incompetent Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars, in cash, to Iran. Scandal!” Trump said in a Twitter post. The chairman of the Republican National Committee, Reince Priebus, also weighed in. “The Obama-Clinton foreign policy not only means cutting a dangerous nuclear deal with the world’s number one state sponsor of terrorism, it also means paying them a secret ransom with cargo planes full of cash,” he said. House Speaker Paul Ryan was more measured, saying, “If true, this report confirms our longstanding suspicion that the administration paid a ransom in exchange for Americans unjustly detained in Iran.” ",1
8541,Fury at top of Republican Party over Trump snub of House speaker,"WASHINGTON/JACKSONVILLE, Fla. (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s White House campaign was in turmoil on Wednesday after he angered senior Republican Party leaders by criticizing a dead soldier’s family and refusing to back the re-election campaign of House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan. On Tuesday, Trump denied support to both Ryan and Senator John McCain in their coming primary contests, hitting back at critics in the Republican leadership who have taken him to task for his insistent public dispute with the parents of the soldier, a Muslim U.S. Army captain killed in the Iraq war.  Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus was furious over the failure to endorse Ryan, who is the most senior elected Republican, and over Trump’s feud with the Khan family, two Republican sources said. “He feels like a fool,” a Republican source familiar with the situation said of Priebus. The RNC did not respond to a request for comment about Priebus.  Another Republican source said Trump’s family members, who have played an influential role in his campaign, were aware that an intervention was needed to get Trump back on track. One idea being floated was to have a senior adviser travel with Trump to help him stay on message. More than any other major figure in the Republican establishment, Priebus worked to bring Trump into the party’s fold despite the New York businessman’s status as an outsider. Trump, who had never previously run for public office, beat 16 rivals to become the Republican presidential nominee for the Nov. 8 election. Ahead of last month’s Republican Party Convention, the RNC chairman sought to rally the fractured party behind Trump. Priebus feels burned by Trump’s string of self-inflicted wounds and his refusal to observe basic decorum by giving Ryan his support. But in what appeared to be an effort to soothe ruffled feelings, Trump’s vice presidential running mate, Mike Pence, said on Wednesday he endorsed Ryan as “a strong conservative leader” and was doing so with Trump’s blessing. The Indiana governor told Fox News that it takes time to build relationships in politics and that was exactly what Trump and Ryan were doing.  Trump has had a running dispute with the parents of Army Captain Humayun Khan since they took the stage at last week’s Democratic National Convention. Khizr Khan, with his wife, Ghazala, standing by his side, cited the sacrifice of their son, who was killed by a car bomb in 2004, and criticized Trump’s proposal to combat terrorism by temporarily banning Muslims from entering the United States. Many Republican leaders, including Ryan and McCain, have criticized Trump’s subsequent attacks on the parents. Even longtime ally Chris Christie, the Republican New Jersey governor, said it was inappropriate to attack the Khans. Trump’s feud with the Khans was the final straw for Republican congressman Adam Kinzinger, a former Air Force pilot and Iraq war veteran. Kinzinger, who had held off supporting Trump, told CNN on Wednesday: “I just don’t see how I get to Donald Trump anymore.” Trump, who made his comments about Ryan and McCain in an interview with The Washington Post, shrugged off the backlash. “There is great unity in my campaign, perhaps greater than ever before. I want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. Beat Crooked H!” he wrote on Twitter early on Wednesday, referring to his Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton. Campaign manager Paul Manafort told Fox News the campaign was moving in a positive direction, with Trump himself in control. “The campaign is in very good shape. We are organized. We are moving forward,” Manafort said. In Daytona, Florida, Trump said the news media’s coverage of him was dishonest. “We’re doing quite well despite the fact that we get a totally false narrative,” he told supporters at a rally. At another campaign event in Florida, in Jacksonville, Trump pointed out a group of families, known as Gold Star families, who have lost loved ones in war, calling them “incredible people.” He didn’t mention the spat with the Khans. Trump’s always unruly campaign has been mired in disorder in recent days. On Monday, Trump fired Ed Brookover, a senior adviser hired as a liaison between the campaign and the RNC. Ryan, who is favored to win next week in his race against primary challenger Paul Nehlen, appeared to be trying to ignore the snub from Trump. An aide to the speaker said he would not have time to meet Trump later this week, when Trump is expected to be campaigning in Wisconsin, Ryan’s home state. The aide did not indicate whether anyone had requested a get-together of Trump and Ryan, but when asked whether they might meet to patch things up, the aide told Reuters, “The speaker has a full schedule – can’t back out of previous commitments in the (congressional) district.” A Republican congressional aide said there was deep frustration on Capitol Hill that Trump keeps engaging in “petty spats.” The aide said congressional offices that support Trump got two sets of talking points on Monday from the campaign about the Khan situation but have not heard anything from the campaign about Trump’s Ryan comments. The dissent over the Trump campaign also took other turns. Late on Tuesday, Meg Whitman, a prominent Republican fundraiser and chief executive of Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE.N), endorsed Clinton’s White House bid, calling Trump an “authoritarian character” and a threat to democracy. In better news for Trump, his campaign and the RNC jointly raised $80 million for his White House bid in July, the campaign said on Wednesday. That was less than the $90 million Clinton raised along with the national Democratic Party the same month, but it was a substantial bump from past months. A former reality TV star, Trump has won support particularly from white blue-collar workers who feel neglected by the political establishment. Along with his proposed ban on Muslims, his plans have included building a wall along the Mexican border to keep out illegal immigrants and renegotiating trade agreements. Opinion polls have shown Clinton benefiting from a boost after her party’s convention last week. The RealClearPolitics average of recent national polls put her 4.5 percentage points ahead of Trump, at 46.5 percent to 42 percent. The Detroit Economic Club, where candidates usually appear to give major economic addresses, said Trump would speak at the club on Monday. ",1
8542,Clinton extends lead over Trump to 8 percentage points: Reuters/Ipsos,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton extended her lead over Republican rival Donald Trump to eight percentage points, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Tuesday, from six points on Friday. The bump for Clinton followed the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia last week at which Clinton and her supporters painted an optimistic portrait of America, and came amid controversy over Trump’s comments about the parents of a slain Muslim U.S. soldier. About 43 percent of likely voters favor Clinton, 35 percent favor Trump, and 9 percent picked “Other,” according to the July 28-Aug. 1 online poll of 1,289 likely voters. The poll had a credibility interval of 3 percentage points.  Trump has faced a barrage of criticism in recent days from political allies as well as opponents after he criticized the parents of U.S. Army Captain Humayun Khan, who was killed in Iraq in 2004. The father, Khizr Khan, had harsh words for Trump at the Democratic convention where he spoke on Thursday night, saying the 70-year-old businessman and former reality TV star had “sacrificed nothing and no one” and railing against his calls to ban Muslim immigrants. Trump responded saying Khan “viciously attacked” him, and suggested the man was repeating lines fed to him by the Clinton campaign. New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, who dropped out of the Republican presidential primary race and endorsed Trump, said on Tuesday that Trump’s criticisms of the Khans was “inappropriate.” House Republican Richard Hanna of New York said it was “not enough to simply denounce his (Trump’s) comments,” and said he would support former Secretary of State Clinton instead. Trump had a short-lived bump in the polls after the Republican National Convention in Cleveland in late July, when Reuters polling showed him slightly ahead of Clinton for the first time since May. ",1
8543,Obama cuts short prison sentences for 214 convicts,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama cut short the prison terms of 214 convicts on Wednesday, the largest number of commutations a U.S. leader has granted in single day since at least 1900, the White House said. Obama has now granted a total of 562 commutations during his presidency, more than the number by the past nine presidents combined, it said. In Wednesday’s batch, 67 convicts were serving life sentences. The convicts were serving time for crimes including possession of crack cocaine and methamphetamine, with intent to distribute. Some were imprisoned on charges of gun possession.  One of the convicts, James Wright of Baltimore, Maryland, was serving a 20 year sentence that began in 2006 for possession of crack with intent to distribute. He will be released in December. Obama has worked to reform the U.S. criminal justice system and reduce the number of people serving long sentences for nonviolent drug offences. It is a rare issue on which Obama gets support from Republican lawmakers. For years crack offenders faced stiffer penalties than powder cocaine offenders, even though the substances are similar at the molecular level. Critics have said the disparity has unfairly harmed minority and poor communities.   In 2014, Obama announced the most ambitious clemency program in 40 years, inviting thousands of drug offenders and other convicts to seek early release. But the program has struggled under a flood of unprocessed cases.  “Our work is far from finished,” White House counsel Neil Eggleston said about the commutations. Eggleston urged Congress to take action. “While we continue to work to act on as many clemency applications as possible, only legislation can bring about lasting change to the federal system,” he said. The program automatically expires when Obama leaves office next January and it is uncertain whether the next president would continue with a similar plan. Donald Trump, the Republican candidate in the Nov. 8 election, has championed “law and order” in his campaign. Democrat Hillary Clinton has called for criminal justice reform.  ",1
8544,Clinton campaign studying alternative to U.S. ethanol mandate,"WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Democratic U.S. presidential candidate Hillary Clinton’s campaign has solicited advice from California regulators on how to revamp a federal regulation requiring biofuels like corn-based ethanol be blended into the nation’s gasoline supply, according to campaign and state officials.     The move is the clearest sign yet that, if elected, Clinton would seek to adjust the regulation, called the Renewable Fuel Standard, possibly hurting her chances in corn-growing states like Iowa where she faces a tough battle against Republican rival Donald Trump in the Nov. 8 election. The Renewable Fuel Standard, created by Congress in 2005, mandates that transportation fuel sold in the United States contain a minimum volume of renewable fuels. It was intended to cut greenhouse gas emissions and expand the U.S. renewable fuels sector while lowering reliance on imported oil. It is opposed by the oil industry and environmentalists and has been criticized as a mere subsidy to corn producers.  Clinton advisers have contacted the California Air Resources Board (CARB) to discuss whether a policy like California’s Low Carbon Fuel Standard, a market-based system rather than a mandate, could be applied at a national level to replace or augment the Renewable Fuel Standard, and other issues, CARB officials said. Mary Nichols, head of the CARB, said she discussed the state’s regulations with Clinton advisers. While a backer of the Low Carbon Fuel Standard, Nichols said she told Clinton’s advisers they could avoid political backlash by focusing on other carbon-reduction strategies instead, such as expanding electric vehicle sales and cleaning up emissions from coal-fired electricity. Nichols did not provide further details on the discussions. A Clinton campaign official, who asked not to be named, confirmed the discussions with CARB but gave no further details.  A campaign spokesman, Tyrone Gayle, said the campaign has been seeking advice from “a diverse set of stakeholders.” He added that the Clinton campaign “does not support replacing the RFS with a national low-carbon fuel standard” but did not elaborate. Former Obama administration climate and energy adviser Heather Zichal said on the sidelines of the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia last week that the Renewable Fuel Standard was broken, but that a Clinton administration could make “modifications” to fix it. “Mandates aren’t necessarily a perfect way to regulate,” Zichal said at the event. The U.S. corn lobby hopes to convince both Clinton and Trump to uphold the regulation, which requires a doubling of U.S. biofuels use to 36 billion gallons per year by 2022, when congressionally mandated volume targets are set to expire. The program is designed to last indefinitely after that. Environmentalists, anti-hunger activists and the oil sector have called for the rule to be repealed or changed because they say it raises food and fuel costs without delivering the emissions reductions that it was intended to achieve. MARKET-BASED SYSTEM The California regulation, a key part of the state’s effort to combat climate change, requires a 10 percent reduction in the carbon intensity of transportation fuels by 2020, but leaves it up to companies to decide how to reach that target.     California enacted the Low Carbon Fuel Standard in 2007 targeting oil refiners and distributors that sell in the state’s market. It angered Midwestern ethanol interests because the regulation counts the carbon dioxide footprint of transporting biofuels into the state for blending, effectively blocking many of those imports. Oil companies have complained that the regulation is costly. Clinton in May expressed support for the federal Renewable Fuel Standard in an opinion piece published in an Iowa newspaper, but said it could be improved. Clinton’s openness to overhauling the Renewable Fuel Standard appears to contrast with Trump’s position. During the state-by-state battle for the Republican presidential nomination, Trump said he supported the biofuel mandates set out in the Renewable Fuel Standard. Corn and ethanol industry lobbyists said they have been talking with both the Clinton and Trump campaigns to argue in favor of the Renewable Fuel Standard. ",1
8545,Muslim families of fallen U.S. soldiers driven to oppose Trump,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Nazar Naqvi has faithfully voted Republican for more than three decades.  After Donald Trump’s feud with Muslim parents who lost a son in battle for the United States, he has vowed not a single Republican will get his vote. Naqvi, 69, a retired U.S. government engineer from Newburgh, New York, is a member of a small community of Muslims who are among America’s Gold Star families, those whose loved ones were killed while serving in the U.S. military.  His son Mohsin Naqvi, who was born in Pakistan, enlisted in the U.S. Army four days after Sept. 11, 2001, and was killed in 2008 by a roadside bomb in Afghanistan. Trump lashed out at Khizr and Ghazala Khan, the Pakistani American parents of slain U.S. Army Captain Humayun Khan, after they appeared at last week’s Democratic convention in Philadelphia to criticize the Republican presidential hopeful for proposing a temporary ban on Muslims entering the country.  “I’m going to vote for anyone but Republicans because of this one person, this man who has gone out of his mind,” Naqvi said this week. “Not any office should get our vote. He has been nominated not by one person - the Republican Party nominated him.” Naqvi said he was pressing his registered Republican friends to do the same.     The Pentagon says that 3,939 active duty service members have identified themselves as Muslim, less than 1 percent of the 1.3 million active duty U.S. military troops, but a Pentagon spokesman said there is no record of how many Muslims have been killed in action. Reuters reached out to a dozen Muslim Gold Star families who lost a loved one in action after Sept. 11, 2001. The families are not organized as a group and some did not  want to talk. But those who did agreed that Trump’s comments upended their political loyalties, and moved them to take action to register and motivate other voters to keep Trump out of the White House in November. Nooshin Razani, 43, an Iranian-American pediatrician in Oakland, California, whose 19-year-old brother Omead Razani died while serving as a U.S. Army medic in Iraq in 2004, said Trump’s comments sparked her to speak to the press for the first time. “When I saw there was this person who was willing to use religion in this negative way, I decided I’m coming forward,” said Razani. Trump rebuked Khizr Khan for suggesting that he should read the U.S. Constitution and said his wife Ghazala may have stood silently by her husband because she might not have been “allowed” to speak. Although Trump did call their son a hero and said his aim was to end radical Islamic terror, the ensuing uproar has caused many Republicans to distance themselves from him and to support the Khan family.     Razani joined more than 20 Gold Star families in signing an open letter calling for Trump to apologize to the Khans and said she is going to volunteer to register voters, mainly because of Trump’s comments about Ghazala Khan, which she said insulted all Muslim women. “I want to be an active part of making sure people’s voices are heard. Even people Trump thinks don’t speak up,” Razani said. Trump’s ongoing dispute with the Khans has become a call to political action for Kevin Ahearn of Phoenix. His brother, Army Major James Ahearn, converted to Islam to marry a woman with whom he fell in love in Iraq, brought to the United States and with whom he had a daughter before he was killed by a bomb in Iraq in 2007.  Kevin Ahearn, 48, said on Tuesday that he and his husband planned to go to Democratic Headquarters in Phoenix to volunteer for the first time. “It makes me all the more determined that he does not make it to the White House,” said Ahearn, whose Muslim niece now is 10. The soldier’s mother said she was shocked by Trump’s rhetoric and wishes she could talk to her late son about it. “He was always a staunch Republican because they backed the military. I can’t imagine how he would feel now,” said Constance Ahearn, 75, who lives in the San Francisco area. ",1
8546,Trump campaign says it raised $80 million in July: statement,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s campaign took in $80 million last month, leaving it with $74 million in cash on hand ahead of the Nov. 8 election, it said in a statement released on Wednesday. Of the $80 million raised in July, $64 million was from donations that included matching donations from Trump, it said. Another roughly $16 million was from 20 fundraisers cohosted with the Republican National Committee, the statement said.  ",1
8547,U.S. Republican VP candidate Pence endorses House Speaker Ryan,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican vice presidential candidate Mike Pence on Wednesday said he endorsed U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan, who is seeking re-election in a primary contest next week. Pence made the comments in an interview on Fox News, one day after Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump declined to endorse Ryan in the Wisconsin race. ",1
8548,"Trump campaign focused, moving in positive direction: Trump campaign manager","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s campaign for the White House is focused and moving in a positive direction with the candidate himself in control, his campaign manager said on Wednesday. “The campaign is in very good shape. We are organized. We are moving forward,” Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort told Fox News Channel. ",1
8549,"Republican rift widens as Trump declines to endorse Ryan, McCain","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ratcheted up tensions in his party on Tuesday by denying two leading figures, House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan and Senator John McCain, support in their re-election bids. Trump told The Washington Post in an interview that he could endorse neither Ryan, the top U.S. elected Republican, nor McCain, a U.S. senator from Arizona and a former Republican presidential nominee, as they face challenges in their states’ primary contests ahead of the Nov. 8 general election. Both Ryan and McCain had criticized Trump’s feud with the family of Army Captain Humayun Khan, who died in the line of duty in Iraq in 2004 and was awarded the Bronze Star Medal for bravery after his death. The discord comes just two weeks after the Republican National Convention in Cleveland that formally nominated Trump for president. It is the latest rift in a party already frayed by internal dissent over its standard bearer, seen in stark relief at the convention where McCain was among high-level party members who essentially snubbed Trump by choosing not to attend. Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican nominee, and former presidents George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush also did not attend the convention. Trump has had a running dispute with Khizr and Ghazala Khan since they took the stage at last week’s Democratic convention to cite their son’s sacrifice and criticize Trump’s proposed ban on Muslims entering the United States. The uproar has led many Republicans to distance themselves from Trump and voice support for the Khan family.    Trump, mirroring the language Ryan used about supporting the nominee before his eventual endorsement, told the newspaper he was “not quite there yet” on endorsing Ryan in next Tuesday’s Wisconsin primary, and that he had “never been there” with McCain, who will be on the ballot in primary elections in Arizona later this month. McCain had a “very friendly” meeting with Trump’s vice presidential running mate, Mike Pence, on Tuesday in Arizona, where Pence was visiting, a McCain spokeswoman said.  Trump said Ryan had sought his endorsement, but that as of now he is only “giving it very serious consideration.” Ryan’s campaign office quickly responded that “neither Speaker Ryan nor anyone on his team has ever asked for Donald Trump’s endorsement.”  “And we are confident in a victory next week regardless,” campaign spokesman Zack Roday said in a statement.   Ryan is favored to win against primary challenger Paul Nehlen, who Trump praised as running “a very good campaign.” In a mid-July survey by Harper Polling, Ryan was ahead of Nehlen by nearly 50 points. Trump, a former reality TV star, has troubled many in the Republican establishment with his off-the-cuff, often insulting style, and controversial policies, including the proposed ban on Muslims and his plan to build a wall along the Mexican border to keep out illegal immigrants. President Barack Obama on Tuesday blasted Trump as unfit to be president and questioned why any Republican would support the New York businessman, who is seeking his first public office. “The question I think that they have to ask themselves is, if you are repeatedly having to say in very strong terms that what he has said is unacceptable: Why are you still endorsing him?” Obama, a Democrat, said at a White House news conference with Singapore’s prime minister, Lee Hsien Loong. The chorus of complaints against Trump grew on Tuesday. Representative Richard Hanna of New York became the first Republican in Congress to endorse Democratic nominee Hillary, although several other Republicans in Congress have said they will not support Trump. Hanna, who is retiring from the House of Representatives rather than seek re-election, said his decision was prompted by Trump’s attacks on the Khan family. He called Trump “deeply flawed in endless ways,” “unrepentant” and “self-involved.” New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, a Trump ally once viewed by Trump as a potential running mate, called criticisms of the Khan family “inappropriate.” Trump’s son Eric told CBS News on Tuesday that his father’s comments about the Khans have been “blown hugely out of proportion.”     Trump has fallen behind Clinton in opinion polls made public since the parties held their nominating conventions last month. Clinton extended her lead over Trump to 8 percentage points, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Tuesday, from 6 points on Friday. About 43 percent of likely voters favor Clinton, 35 percent favor Trump, and 9 percent picked “other.” Trump also has trailed Clinton in fundraising. Clinton reported raising nearly $90 million in July for her campaign and the Democratic Party, with more than half the donations coming from new donors. Interviewed on the Fox Business television network, Trump brushed off billionaire investor Warren Buffett’s blistering critique of his business acumen. Buffett, chairman and chief executive officer of Berkshire Hathaway Inc, scorned Trump’s 1995 move to list Trump hotels and casino resorts on the New York Stock Exchange, saying the business lost money for the next decade and that a monkey would have outperformed Trump’s company. Trump, who has said his business success qualifies him to lead the country, defended his record running his hotel and casino business in Atlantic City, New Jersey. “I had great timing. I got out,” after seven years, he told the network  on Tuesday. “I took a lot of money out of Atlantic City, which is what I’m supposed to do. I’m a businessperson.” ",1
8550,Tea Party Republican Huelskamp loses re-election bid for U.S. House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Representative Tim Huelskamp of Kansas, a Tea Party favorite who often feuded with Republican leaders in the U.S. House, lost his bid for re-election in the party’s primary contest, unofficial state results showed on Wednesday. Huelskamp, who was seeking a fourth term, won just 44 percent of Tuesday’s vote in losing to political newcomer Roger Marshall, a physician who took 57 percent, according to the Kansas secretary of state’s website. Marshall said Huelskamp had become an ineffective player in Washington after losing key committee positions in a stand-off with Republican leaders. Conservative political action committees spent heavily this year to defeat Huelskamp and support Marshall, who also was backed by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. Huelskamp comes from a Kansas farm family and was elected to Congress in 2010 amid a wave of support from the Tea Party movement, which promotes smaller government and reduced federal spending and taxation. He repeatedly tangled with his House Republican leaders in pushing for a more conservative fiscal agenda.  Huelskamp was a prominent member of the Freedom Caucus of House conservatives who have riled House Republican leadership. His battles with former House of Representatives Speaker John Boehner left him stripped of his House Budget and Agriculture Committee memberships, a blow to his farm-rich state. “Voters are looking for results from their Reps, not obstructionism,” the Chamber of Commerce’s political wing said in a tweet after the vote, calling Marshall an “effective conservative.” Huelskamp, in a post on Facebook overnight, said the race showed how big money from “Washington power brokers” had defeated Kansas values.  “It is now perfectly clear,” he wrote, “that the Establishment wing of the Republican party cannot stand conservatives,” he wrote. Marshall will face Libertarian candidate Kerry Burt in the Nov. 8 general election. There is no Democratic candidate, according to the Kansas secretary of state’s website. ",1
8551,Trump campaign asks Capitol Hill to back him in Khan controversy,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican Donald Trump’s presidential campaign appealed to Capitol Hill for support on Monday as his attacks on the Muslim parents of a decorated American soldier killed in Iraq drew sharp rebukes from fellow party members. Trump’s criticism of Khizr Khan and Ghazala Khan, who took the stage at last week’s Democratic convention, sparked growing concern and dismay from Republican lawmakers responding to the latest Trump outburst to blindside his party colleagues. Republican Senator John McCain, a former prisoner of war and the most prominent veteran in Congress, along with the commander of the Veterans of Foreign Wars, joined the chorus of condemnation, reflecting the highly regarded place the military and its veterans hold with many in the United States. Trump’s dispute with the Khans has dominated the White House campaign in recent days and underlined the uneasy alliance between many leading Republicans and the party’s freewheeling, unorthodox nominee for the Nov. 8 election. Rob Wasinger, a onetime congressional candidate who has been working for the Trump camp on congressional outreach, sent an email to senior Senate aides saying, “We want to get several member statements out today on this, and would really appreciate your help.” A similar appeal was made to Republicans in the House of Representatives, according to a senior aide. Attached to the appeal were talking points lawmakers could use to try to tamp down the controversy growing since last week’s appearance at the Democratic convention by the Khans, the parents of U.S. Army Captain Humayun Khan, who was killed by a bomb in Iraq 12 years ago. Hope Hicks, a spokeswoman for Trump, said that the campaign was grateful to have support in Congress and that Republicans are working to keep Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton from winning the presidency. Wasinger refused to comment when contacted by telephone. The appeal did not generate any help for Trump. A senior Senate Republican aide, who asked not to be identified, said Republican senators were pleased with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell’s statement on Sunday calling Captain Khan “an American hero” and noting “a travel ban on all members of a religion is simply contrary to American values.” At the same time, the aide said the controversy would probably not cause Republican senators to withdraw their endorsements of Trump. In a convention speech delivered with his wife at his side, Khizr Khan showcased his son’s military service and criticized Trump’s call for a temporary ban on Muslims from entering the United States, holding up a copy of the U.S. Constitution and suggesting Trump read it. Since then, Trump has complained he was “viciously” attacked by the couple and suggested Ghazala Khan might not have been “allowed” to speak, implying her silence reflected restrictions placed on women by some traditional Muslims.  McCain, the 2008 Republican presidential candidate and current chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, issued a lengthy statement sharply criticizing Trump’s comments. “While our party has bestowed upon him the nomination, it is not accompanied by unfettered license to defame those who are the best among us,” said McCain, a prisoner of war for five years during the Vietnam War. His counterpart on the House Armed Services Committee, Representative Mac Thornberry of Texas, echoed McCain, saying in a statement he was “dismayed at the attacks Khizr and Ghazala Khan have endured after they spoke about their son’s service and sacrifice.” The head of the 1.7 million-member Veterans of Foreign Wars also said Trump’s attack on the Khans went too far. Trump and Clinton spoke to the group’s national convention last week. “Election year or not, the VFW will not tolerate anyone berating a Gold Star family member for exercising his or her right of speech or expression,” said Brian Duffy, the national commander of the country’s oldest and largest war veterans organization, referring to families who have lost relatives in wars. President Barack Obama did not mention Trump by name, but said military families who had lost loved ones in service should be honored for their sacrifice. “No one has given more for our freedom and our security than our Gold Star families,” Obama said at the Disabled American Veterans national convention in Atlanta. “Our Gold Star families have made a sacrifice that most of us cannot even begin to imagine. They represent the very best of our country.” In the talking points sent to lawmakers, the Trump campaign said he had been asked about the Khans’ comments during the convention and wished them well. The talking points also noted that Trump “wants to end radical Islamic terror, so that our soldiers like Mr. Khan’s son will be safe.” The list also says Trump had not directly compared his sacrifices to the Khans. Trump said over the weekend he had also made sacrifices in his life by working hard, creating jobs and being successful. The Khans bristled at that suggestion and, in numerous television appearances over the weekend, said Trump was ignorant about Islam and about their family’s sacrifice.   Trump’s off-the-cuff insults and controversial proposals such as the Muslim ban and a plan to keep illegal immigrants out by building a wall along the Mexican border, have made many in the party establishment reluctant backers of his White House bid. On Monday, during a town hall event in Columbus, Ohio, Trump told supporters he thought the November election might be “rigged.” Later that day, he said former Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders “made a deal with the devil” when he agreed to back Clinton. “She’s the devil,” Trump said, referring to Clinton. In his statement, McCain recalled how Humayun Khan died, saying that when a suicide bomber aimed his vehicle toward a building housing hundreds of U.S. soldiers, the captain told his subordinates to stay away, then ran toward it. McCain thanked the Khans for coming to America, saying “your son was the best of America, and the memory of his sacrifice will make us a better nation – and he will never be forgotten.”  In a remarks to television networks on Monday, Khizr Khan said Trump lacked the empathy to be a leader and chided him for throwing the first salvo in their exchange. Trump has tried to shift focus from the Khans. “This story is not about Mr. Khan, who is all over the place doing interviews, but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U.S. Get smart!” Trump said Monday on Twitter. Ghazala Khan wrote an opinion piece in The Washington Post on Sunday saying she had remained silent during her husband’s remarks to cope with making her grief public during the convention. On Sunday, Democratic rival Clinton said Trump had scapegoated the parents. In addition to Senate Majority Leader McConnell, House Speaker Paul Ryan issued a statement supporting the family.  Trump drew similar opprobrium a year ago when he said McCain, who as a naval aviator was shot down and taken prisoner during the Vietnam War, was not a hero because he had been captured. In an open letter, 23 Gold Star families said Trump cheapened their sacrifice and called for an apology. “This goes beyond politics. It is about a sense of decency,” it said. “That kind decency you mock as ‘political correctness.’” ",1
8552,Obama to Republican leaders: why are you still endorsing Trump?,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama issued a scathing attack of Donald Trump on Tuesday for criticizing a Muslim family whose U.S. Army captain son was killed in Iraq, and he challenged Republican leaders to withdraw support for their “unfit” nominee. Obama’s comments added to a growing number of statements from Republicans and Democrats lambasting Trump for his criticism of Khizr and Ghazala Khan, who appeared at the Democratic National Convention last week. Trump questioned whether Mrs. Khan did not speak at the convention because she was prevented from doing so by her religion and he characterized Mr. Khan’s criticism of him as “vicious.” Families who lose sons or daughters who serve in the U.S. military are called Gold Star families. “The notion that he would attack a Gold Star family that had made such extraordinary sacrifices on behalf or our country, the fact that he doesn’t appear to have basic knowledge around critical issues in Europe, in the Middle East, in Asia means that he’s woefully unprepared to do this job,” Obama said of Trump during a White House news conference. The Democratic president noted that leading Republicans, including Speaker of the House of Representatives Paul Ryan, Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell, and one-time Republican presidential nominee John McCain, a U.S. senator from Arizona, had criticized Trump for his remarks but have stood by their endorsements of him. “The question I think that they have to ask themselves is, if you are repeatedly having to say in very strong terms that what he has said is unacceptable, why are you still endorsing him?” Obama said.  “What does this say about your party that this is your standard-bearer?” Obama said. Obama spoke during a White House news conference with Singapore’s prime minister, Lee Hsien Loong.  Obama has endorsed his former secretary of state, Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee for president. Obama said that even if he had lost his White House races in 2008 to McCain and in 2012 to former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney, he would not have doubted their abilities to lead the country. That was not the case for Trump, a businessman from New York, Obama said. “There has to come a point at which you say, somebody who makes those kinds of statements doesn’t have the judgment, the temperament, the understanding to occupy the most powerful position in the world,” Obama said. ",1
8553,Trump dismisses Buffett's rebuke over his business judgment,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Tuesday brushed off billionaire investor Warren Buffett’s blistering critique of his business acumen. “I don’t care much about Warren Buffett,” Trump said on the FOX Business television network Tuesday morning, a day after Buffett lashed out at Trump in a speech at a campaign rally for Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. Buffett, a widely followed investor who is chairman and chief executive officer of Berkshire Hathaway Inc, scorned Trump’s 1995 move to list Trump hotels and casino resorts on the New York Stock Exchange, saying it lost money for the next decade and that “a monkey” would have outperformed Trump’s company. He also challenged Trump to release his tax returns, something the real estate mogul and television star has declined to do so far citing an Internal Revenue Service audit. Trump, who has held up his career in business as a qualification to lead the country, defended his record running his hotel and casino business in Atlantic City, New Jersey. “I had great timing. I got out,” after seven years, he told FOX Business on Tuesday. “I took a lot of money out of Atlantic City, which is what I’m supposed to do. I’m a businessperson.”  Trump said he “did well in the good times in Atlantic City, but then times started going very bad.”  Trump said he used to invest in U.S. stocks but got out because “I don’t like what I’m seeing at all,” pointing to U.S. immigration policies, Syrian refugees and what he said were “artificially low” interest rates. He also vowed to spend twice as much on U.S. infrastructure as Clinton, who has pledged $275 billion on rebuilding the nation’s crumbling roads and bridges, among other structures. Trump, who has been criticized by fellow Republicans and others for responding too readily to opponents, declined to target Buffett personally for his comments: “There’s no counter-punch.”  Buffett on Monday vowed to do “whatever it takes” to get out the vote in his congressional district in Nebraska, including driving voters himself to the polls to cast ballots.  With Clinton by his side, Buffett told the crowd that his “final straw” was Trump’s critical response to the Muslim parents of a decorated U.S. soldier killed by a bomb in Iraq 12 years ago.  Buffett is No. 3 on Forbes magazine’s list of the richest billionaires, with a net worth calculated at $60.8 billion. ",1
8554,Trump loses bid to end Trump University lawsuit before trial,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A U.S. judge on Tuesday rejected Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s pretrial bid to throw out a lawsuit brought by Trump University students who said they were defrauded by its real-estate seminars. U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel said in a written ruling that there was a “genuine issue of material fact” as to whether Trump knowingly participated in a scheme to cheat the students, who paid up to $35,000 to learn Trump’s real estate investing “secrets” from his “hand-picked” instructors. Curiel said there was extensive evidence Trump had not personally met, interviewed or selected Trump University instructors. In a July 22 hearing, Curiel tentatively denied the bid by Trump to dismiss the lawsuit in California, one of three over the defunct Trump University venture. Trump’s lawyers had argued that the lawsuit, filed in 2013 in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California, should be dismissed because the New York real estate mogul, though personally involved in developing the concept and curriculum, relied on others to manage Trump University by the time the plaintiffs purchased seminars. Trump’s lawyers claimed that references in marketing materials to “secrets,” “hand-picked” instructors or “university” were sales “puffery” and there was no evidence Trump intended to defraud students. Separately, Curiel rejected an effort to make public video excerpts of Trump testifying under oath.  Trump’s lawyers had fought against the release of the excerpts, saying they would be exploited by the media and others during the presidential campaign. Trump set off an uproar in May when he accused Curiel of being biased against him because of the candidate’s pledge to build a border wall between the United States and Mexico. Curiel was born in Indiana and is of Mexican descent. ",1
8555,Trump ally Christie calls criticisms of slain soldier's family 'inappropriate',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Chris Christie, a close ally of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, distanced himself on Tuesday from Trump’s feud with the Muslim family of a slain U.S. Army captain, according to Politico. Christie, the governor of New Jersey, said criticisms of the family of Captain Humayan Khan, who was killed in Iraq in 2004, were “inappropriate.” “I didn’t see Mr. Khan’s speech at the DNC, but I’ll just say this: I’m a father and I just cannot imagine the pain of losing a child under any circumstances,” said Christie, who endorsed Trump after ending his own White House bid, according to Politico, which quoted Christie’s comments from a news conference at the New Jersey State House in Trenton. ",1
8556,"Trump declines to endorse Ryan, McCain for re-election: Washington Post","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump on Tuesday declined to endorse two fellow Republicans, U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan and U.S. Senator John McCain, in their upcoming re-election battles after both Republicans criticized his remarks about the family of a slain Muslim U.S. Army captain. Mirroring the language Ryan used about supporting Trump before his eventual endorsement, Trump told The Washington Post he’s “not quite there yet” on supporting the congressman in Tuesday’s primary in Wisconsin. ",1
8557,Senior Democratic National Committee officials resign: DNC,"NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Three senior officials with the Democratic National Committee have resigned, the DNC said on Tuesday, amid a shake-up following a hack of thousands of emails that embarrassed the party just as it staged its national convention last week. The resignations of DNC Chief Executive Officer Amy Dacey, Communications Director Luis Miranda and Chief Financial Officer Brad Marshall were announced by interim Chairwoman Donna Brazile. Brazile, who took over the role after Debbie Wasserman Schultz stepped down last week, did not mention the hacks or give a reason for the resignations in a statement on the reorganization, but cast the changes as looking ahead to the U.S. general election on Nov. 8. The hack on the DNC emails stirred discord at the start of the party’s convention in Philadelphia where Hillary Clinton formally accepted her party’s presidential nomination for the Nov. 8 election. Some of the emails, which were published by WikiLeaks, showed party officials favoring Clinton over her rival for the nomination, U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders, during the primary contests. Brazile announced a transition team that she said would help to position the party for the general election and to prepare for an eventual permanent party chair.      Tom McMahon, a former executive director of the DNC, will lead the transition team, the statement said. Chief of Staff Brandon Davis will also continue in that role and will oversee DNC general election efforts, and strategist Doug Thornell will join as a senior adviser on an interim basis, it said. Other Democratic Party systems have also been hacked. The FBI is investigating a cyber attack incident at the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, or DCCC, and a computer network used by Clinton’s campaign was also hacked. The White House has declined to speculate on who was behind the hack of Democratic Party computers, referring to an ongoing investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  Cybersecurity experts and U.S. officials, however, have said they believed Russia engineered the release of the DNC emails to influence the presidential election. Clinton herself has blamed Russia for the hack. Russia’s foreign ministry has called such accusations  insulting.   ",1
8558,"Trump fires back at Obama, says Clinton 'unfit' for government","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump shot back at President Barack Obama’s criticism of him as unfit for office, saying Democratic rival Hillary Clinton has embraced policies that have hurt national security and America’s workers. “Hillary Clinton has proven herself unfit to serve in any government office,” Trump said in a statement shortly after Obama issued a scathing attack and challenged Republican leaders to withdraw support for their “woefully unprepared” nominee. ",1
8559,Democratic Party communications director expected to depart DNC amid hacking fallout,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic Party communications director Luis Miranda is expected to leave the Democratic National Committee on Tuesday amid fallout from the party’s email hacking scandal, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters. ",1
8560,Clinton accuses Trump of scapegoating Muslim soldier's parents,"CLEVELAND HEIGHTS, Ohio (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton accused Donald Trump on Sunday of scapegoating the parents of a Muslim soldier killed in Iraq, after the Republican nominee took issue with remarks the soldier’s father made at the Democratic National Convention. Trump, in an ABC interview that aired on Sunday, questioned why Ghazala Khan, mother of U.S. Army Captain Humayun Khan, stood quietly by her husband, Khizr Khan, as he took the stage at last week’s Democratic convention in Philadelphia. Trump suggested the mother might not have been “allowed” to speak. Speaking at a church service, Clinton said Trump had been insulting to a family who had sacrificed so much. She also used the episode to contrast her own religious faith with that of Trump, who has spoken of religion on the campaign trail infrequently. “I don’t begrudge anyone of any other faith or of no faith at all, but I do tremble before those who would scapegoat other Americans, who would insult people because of their religion, their ethnicity, their disability,” Clinton said in remarks at the Imani Temple Ministries, an African-American church in Cleveland Heights, Ohio.  “It’s just not how I was raised, that’s not how I was taught in my church,” said Clinton, who grew up as a Methodist. “Tim Kaine and I are people of faith,” she said, referring to her vice presidential running mate, who is a Catholic. Top Republican lawmakers House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell also condemned Trump’s remarks in separate statements, although they did not mention their presidential candidate by name. “Many Muslim Americans have served valiantly in our military, and made the ultimate sacrifice. Captain Khan was one such brave example,” Ryan said. “His sacrifice - and that of Khizr and Ghazala Khan - should always be honored. Period.” he said. Earlier on Sunday, Ghazala Khan took up her own defense in an opinion piece in the Washington Post, saying her husband had asked her in advance whether she would want to speak at the convention but that she had decided she would be unable to do so on stage because of her pain over the 2004 death of her son. “Donald Trump said that maybe I wasn’t allowed to say anything. That is not true,” she wrote. “When Donald Trump is talking about Islam, he is ignorant.” In a statement issued on Sunday evening by the Trump campaign, Trump’s running mate, Mike Pence, said that he and the Republican nominee “believe that Captain Humayun Khan is an American hero” that his family, like other families of fallen soldiers, “should be cherished by every American.” But Pence added that Captain Khan had died defending the country against terrorism and that Trump’s policies would reduce the likelihood that other families would face the kind of heartbreak the Khans had. Khizr Khan, a U.S. citizen of Pakistani origin and a Muslim, spoke about his war hero son at the Democratic convention and took issue with Trump’s call for a temporary ban on the entry of Muslims into the United States. Khizr Khan invited the Republican nominee to read the U.S. Constitution and visit the graves of American soldiers from many backgrounds at Arlington National Cemetery. In the interview aired on Sunday morning on ABC’s “This Week,” Trump cast doubt on why Khan’s wife did not speak. “She was standing there, she had nothing to say, she probably, maybe she wasn’t allowed to have anything to say. You tell me,” Trump said. Trump on Sunday tweeted that Khan’s son had died 12 years ago: “Captain Khan, killed 12 years ago, was a hero, but this is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR and the weakness of our “leaders” to eradicate it!”  Trump also tweeted that he had been “viciously attacked” by Khan at the convention. “Am I not allowed to respond?” he asked. The candidate also tried to change the subject to the war itself: “Hillary voted for the Iraq war, not me!” On Twitter, Republican strategist Ana Navarro called Trump’s comments about the Khans “gross” and labeled him a “jerk.” Trump’s campaign manager, Paul Manafort, said he sympathizes with the Khan family but that their loss is not the issue at hand. “The issue really is radical Islamic jihad and the risk to the American homeland,” he said on CBS, defending Trump’s proposal to suspend immigration from some geographic regions. ",1
8561,Powerful Koch brothers rebuff big donors' calls to back Trump for White House,"COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. (Reuters) - The billionaire industrialist Koch brothers rejected pressure over the weekend from dozens of big donors in their sprawling political network to back U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, saying that their money was better spent trying to influence congressional races. The rejection deprives Trump, a New York businessman who has never previously run for elected office, of a major source of fundraising and reflects how his unorthodox White House bid has sparked some disarray among fundraisers who would normally be squarely behind a Republican nominee. The Kochs, with a nearly $300 million political warchest,  have earned a reputation as powerful allies in Republican politics.  Charles Koch, the dominant player in his political partnership with brother David Koch, told attendees at a bi-annual donor retreat at a luxury resort in Colorado Springs, Colorado: “At this point, I can’t support either candidate” for the White House.  He said network’s mandate was to shore up “the country’s financial future and eliminate corporate welfare,” a reference to government subsidies provided to some industries. “But since it appears that neither presidential candidate is likely to support us in these efforts, we are focused on maximizing the number of principled leaders in the House and Senate who will,” he said.  Trump’s protectionist stances and pledges to review free trade agreements and to get tough on immigration have clashed with the Kochs’ free-market political philosophy. Charles Koch has described as a “a blood libel” the idea he would instead support Hillary Clinton, the Democratic presidential nominee for the Nov. 8 election. A group of wealthy Republican donors, who paid the minimum $100,000 per year to be members of the 700-strong Koch network, had been urging the brothers to step off the sidelines of the election and back Trump. The donors argued that if Trump is elected, the Koch network would want to have influence on his emerging policies and cabinet picks, and to have access to a Trump administration. Over cocktails on the patio overlooking the Rocky Mountains, in private meetings and on text message threads, some donors voiced their concern that if the Kochs alienate Trump, “it could hurt us down the road.”   Some suggested that some donors could leave the Koch network over the decision not to back Trump. Oil magnate Harold Hamm, a leading candidate to serve as Trump’s energy secretary, did not attend the weekend gathering. Other donors who had been at the forefront of a movement to urge the Kochs to get on board with Trump, like billionaire broadcasting magnate Stanley Hubbard, said that in a private meeting with Charles, they had now been convinced that the Kochs were “doing the right thing.”   Trump has shown no hesitation in spurning the Kochs. On Friday, he tweeted that he had turned down an invitation to meet with the brothers. Koch insiders quickly disputed that characterization, saying an invite was never extended.       Nonetheless, the Koch brothers also did not act to stop Trump from beating 16 presidential rivals and winning the party nomination. During the primary contests, many Koch donors were urging the brothers to perform a “Trump Intervention,” whereby the brothers would leverage their political operation to support Trump’s rivals. The Kochs refused. Trump officially accepted the Republican nomination in Cleveland last month, with a speech that painted a bleak picture of rising crime at home and increasing threats from overseas. The top Koch official on criminal justice reform, Mark Holden, said the speech was inaccurate. “We are safer (now),” he said. ",1
8562,Factbox: Gold Stars mark sacrifices of U.S. military families,"(Reuters) - A war of words between Donald Trump and the parents of a Muslim U.S. soldier killed in Iraq in 2004 is dominating the election campaign.  Khizr and Ghazala Khan were criticized by the Republican presidential candidate after they appeared at the Democratic National Convention last Thursday and shared the story of their son, U.S. Army Captain Humayun Khan. The Khans are what is known in the United States as a “Gold Star Family,” meaning they have lost an immediate relative in a military action. The gold star refers to the centerpiece of flags given to these families. On Monday, more than 20 Gold Star Families wrote to Trump condemning his treatment of the couple, saying he was “cheapening the sacrifice” of soldiers who have died and demanding that he apologize to the Khans.   The following are some facts about Gold Star Families: * What are Gold Star Families?  Gold Star Families have lost a member of their immediate family in a war or other conflict while serving with the U.S. military. The military awards each family an official flag bearing a gold star or a lapel pin with a gold star on a purple background.  Called a service flag, families with relatives on active duty display a flag with a blue star.   * History of Gold Star Families Grace Seibold, whose son was killed in Europe in 1918 during World War One, founded a group that came to be known as American Gold Star Mothers for women who lost sons in the war. In the same year, President Woodrow Wilson approved a suggestion to let U.S. women wear a gold gilt star on a traditional black mourning arm band signifying their loss. In 1936, the United States began observing Gold Star Mothers Day on the last Sunday of September. An organization called The Gold Star Wives was formed before the end of World War Two, and the Gold Star Lapel Button was created in 1947. The term Gold Star Families was widely used after World War Two. * Different Service Flags A blue star signifies a relative serving in the military while a gold star means a family member has died in service. During World War One, relatives of active duty service members flew service flags bearing a blue star. As the gold star tradition took hold, families covered the blue star with a gold one to symbolize their loss. These flags were often hung in windows.  * How many Gold Star Families are there? The National Gold Star Family Registry notes on its website that 472,045 fallen service members have been registered by relatives. here * Which families wrote to Trump?  Monday’s letter to Trump was signed by relatives of U.S. service members killed in Iraq, Afghanistan, Vietnam and Korea.  ",1
8563,"The Big Squeeze: This election year, it’s all about the money","MIDDLETOWN, CONN. - Two years ago, Judy Konopka and Craig Diangelo lost their jobs in the IT department of what was then known as Northeast Utilities, a regional electricity provider, when the company decided to replace about 220 employees with guest workers from India. In order to receive a more lucrative separation package, they had to train their foreign replacements both here and overseas.  Both had trouble finding new work. Konopka, 56, is still looking. Diangelo, 64, is working as a contractor for a company that provides no benefits, making substantially less than he did before. He views himself as a victim of globalization, a casualty of offshoring—and he credits Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee who has cast himself as the champion of displaced and disaffected U.S. workers, for bringing the issue to light.  “I’ll vote for him,” says Diangelo, over dinner at a Thai restaurant on this town’s Main Street. Two others at the table murmur in assent.  He continues, his voice rising: “I wasn’t planning on retiring early. I wasn’t planning on making $35,000 less. I’ve had to cut back a lot. I basically live paycheck to paycheck.”  “I could never vote for Hillary Clinton,” Diangelo says, citing Clinton’s support of the North American Free Trade Agreement, passed while her husband, Bill, was president, as well as her advocacy of the proposed Trans-Pacific Partnership, a trade pact that’s still being negotiated by the Obama administration. (Challenged by Bernie Sanders, Clinton has since retracted her support of TPP.) Even Konopka, who favors Clinton (she calls Trump “the biggest idiot”), has to admit Clinton’s support of trade deals such as NAFTA gives her pause. When Northeast Utilities fired her after 21 years, “I felt betrayed.” Konopka took advantage of a federal trade assistance program to improve her skills in web design, then discovered she couldn’t compete with designers outside the country who were willing to work for much less. Now, to get by, she sells vintage books on the web. “It’s starting to get really scary,” she says.  This presidential election is, purportedly, the Year of the Angry Voter, with images of scuffles at Trump rallies occupying cable-news screens. But as befitting someone who lives in a place called Middletown, Konopka is more typical of voters: consumed by a stomach-churning uncertainty, a vague sense of something lost, and an inescapable belief that an array of powerful forces—corporations, politicians, government—aren’t looking out for them.  Economists and pundits have been struggling to explain why, with unemployment below 5 percent and a bounty of positive economic indicators, voters seem so dismayed, so distrustful. It might be something as simple as bargaining power.  In his best-known book, The Art of the Deal, Trump advises every negotiator to “use your leverage.” But increasingly, U.S. workers, white-and blue-collar alike, feel they have none. They’ve seen their power erode as they are tossed into a global labor pool, as companies consolidate and shed jobs to please Wall Street, as unions wither, state budgets tighten, technology advances and iconic brands such as Nabisco pack up and move to Mexico.  The squeeze is on.  “There’s a feeling among workers that not only are they replaceable, but that they will be replaced,” says Gary Chaison, a professor of industrial relations at Clark University in nearby Worcester, Massachusetts. “That there is no security anymore, that someone is making a profit by letting them go.”  “Trump,” he adds, “has tapped into that very well.”  According to Reuters/Ipsos polling, 71 percent of Trump supporters either have had to take a lower-paying job in the last few years, have a family member who has had to do so, or have a family member whose home has been threatened by foreclosure. In a sign of how widespread the phenomenon has become, 63 percent of Clinton supporters reported the same dismal tally.  “People feel more insecure about trade than terrorism,” Chaison tells me. “Everyone knows someone who has lost their job.”  What bothers Diangelo most is that he was let go by a company that still valued his skill—just not him. “The sad part is that my job is still there,” he says. “It didn’t go away. I went away.”  None of this should feel particularly new. The United States has been bleeding middle-class workers—especially in the industrial and manufacturing sectors—as long as Bruce Springsteen has been around to sing about it. Candidates adorned with hard hats vowing to bring back factory jobs have become a set-piece of modern politics.  The United States has lost more than 5 million manufacturing jobs in the past 15 years as the trade deficit has mushroomed, according to the Economic Policy Institute, a liberal think tank in Washington. Wage growth in almost all sectors has flatlined over that time, including for the bottom 70 percent of fouryear college graduates—and growth overall has been anemic, at under 2 percent. And while the 9 million jobs vaporized in the flash of the Great Recession have been recovered, the majority of them are of lesser quality than the ones they replaced.  Perhaps most fundamentally, the relationship between employee and employer has shifted. Workers’ share of the pie has decreased substantially since the 1970s, when the country’s corporate and industrial base began to erode. Last year, workers’ share dropped to 75.5 percent of corporate income, even as technology has made workforces more productive and efficient. U.S. corporate profits, meantime, returned to pre-recession levels in 2012. Workers “sense that the recovery is only partial. It helps employers more than it helps workers,” Chaison says.  If workers’ sense of slippage seems familiar, the way their discontent is rippling through our politics feels newly transformative. Voters threw out the Republicans running Congress in 2006, then two years later elected the first African-American president, an outsider who vowed reform. Souring on him, they replaced Democrats then controlling Congress with another set of Republicans in 2010 and 2014, making governance as unstable as the business sector. In a period of war, terrorism and economic chaos, all that churn might best be viewed as a deeply frustrated electorate trying to use what little leverage they have to change a system they consider to be otherwise unaccountable.  Trump has been the main beneficiary of that frustration. He makes those in the crowd feel like they matter, that they finally have a bully of their own who can push back at what they view as an alliance of unprincipled corporate culture and an enabling government. “You’re looking at a situation where the jobs are being ripped out of our states, out of our country, like candy from a baby,” Trump said at a rally this spring.  It has been Trump, along with Democrat Sanders, who has pushed the issue of job losses to countries such as China, Mexico and India to the forefront. Trump has threatened to slap a tax on imports and tear up trade deals. In Indiana earlier this year, he ripped air conditioner manufacturer Carrier for announcing it would lay off 2,100 workers and move its operations to Mexico. He gave Nabisco the same treatment, pledging he would no longer eat Oreos. He has slammed companies such as Apple and Boeing for their overseas operations, as well.  Few presidential candidates have such temerity to challenge well-known American brands, but clearly it is resonating. “They might not like everything he says, but they believe he says what he thinks,” Lewis Gossett, president of the South Carolina Manufacturers Alliance, told me last summer. “I think we’re repeating a time in history when the very rich are removed from the very poor.”  Michael Smith is one of the Americans Trump rallies for. Smith was among 600 Nabisco employees laid off at the bakery on Chicago’s South Side earlier this year, after the company announced it was transferring some work to Mexico. He got the news at 3 a.m. “It was,” Smith tells me, “a dark night when all your livelihood passes in front of you, and you feel like you’ve been given the royal shaft.”  Smith operated the machines that wrapped Oreo cookies and Ritz crackers. With overtime, he could clear $85,000 a year. He’s 59 and wasn’t thinking he would have to re-enter the job market.  The day before, Smith had shown up at a shareholders meeting in Chicago to confront Irene Rosenfeld, the chief executive of Mondelez International, the holding company that oversees the Nabisco brand, about the move to Mexico. While sympathetic, Rosenfeld said it was her duty to maximize the corporation’s value to its shareholders worldwide by cutting costs.  “There are two types of CEO mindsets,” Smith responded, “those who care about shareholders and those who care about the shareholders and the people.”  In our conversation, Smith didn’t begrudge the company’s legal right to relocate the jobs, but he questions a CEO who earned more than $40 million in compensation over the last two years exhorting the virtues of cost-cutting to a room full of laid-off blue-collar workers. “That’s not good citizenship,” he says. “Wealth comes from the workers. That profitability comes from us.”  Clinton met with a small group of the Nabisco workers in March, the day before the Illinois primary. But the visit didn’t leave Smith with much hope that as president she could do much either for the workers’ situation or to reverse the demands of a globalized economy. In part, that’s due to Clinton’s support of NAFTA, which Smith terms an “infection,” but also because of the lobbying might of Mondelez, a $30 billion company, and other big corporations.  Smith is the unusual American voter who says he hasn’t decided between Clinton and Trump. He’ll focus on the election later. First, he has to keep his household afloat and his daughter in school at Columbia College in Chicago. He has six months’ salary to cushion him.  He’s trying to stay optimistic about finding work, saying his wife and daughter are counting on him. But, he concedes, “I think I have been a little bit in denial. Even people of faith have bouts of depression.”  Angela Valero gives a one-word reply when I ask her about a potential Clinton-Trump matchup: “Ugh.” I might as well be asking about who’s going to win the next regatta on Mars, so far is the election from her daily concerns.  Valero’s dream job was to be a corrections officer. She was finally hired on by the state of Connecticut last fall. The single mother of an 8-year-old girl thought that, at last, she had a reliable, stable position with benefits.  But after completing an academy training course and being posted as a guard at the state maximum-security facility in nearby Uncasville, she found out this spring that she was being laid off, a consequence of a decision made by Connecticut’s Democratic governor, Dannel Malloy, and the state legislature to not raise taxes on the wealthy to cover a budget shortfall. Lawmakers worried that the state’s richest residents would relocate to Florida, which has no state income tax, or other states with lower taxes.  During the downturn, Connecticut lost a bevy of high-paying jobs in the financial services sector in the corporate hub of Stamford and elsewhere. The jobs created during the recovery were less lucrative, resulting in lower tax revenue. In addition, the state was spooked when General Electric, responding to an effort by the legislature to raise business taxes, announced it was relocating its headquarters from Fairfield to Boston. Aetna, the health insurer based in Hartford, also threatened to leave the state.  That shelved any notion of new taxes. The state looked to trim its public workforce instead. “Easy targets,” says Lori Pelletier, president of the state AFL-CIO.  Rape counselors, child-service workers, prison guards began receiving pink slips. Ultimately, 2,500 or more state workers could be let go. Pelletier contrasted that with the 200 jobs GE is moving to Boston—something that drew substantial media attention.  The state of Massachusetts and the city of Boston helped recruit GE with a generous benefit package, including $25 million in property tax relief for a corporation that critics have long held pays little in U.S. taxes. “Angela last year paid more taxes than GE,” Pelletier says. “And she’s the one losing her job.”  Valero tells me she has little faith that anyone in Washington can help her. She doesn’t sleep more than four hours a night, kept up by worrying about paying the electric bill and keeping her house. She has no idea whether she’ll ever be recalled to work.  Throughout the interview, she stays stoic, determined, like the corrections office she was trained to be. Only at the end of our conversation does she slip a bit. “I held back the tears,” she says with relief.  Ron Ozer greets me at the door with the sheepishness of someone who isn’t used to being at home during the workday. Ozer, 53, was laid off from DuPont Co. in January after a 23-year career. A Ph.D in chemical engineering, he has more than 20 patents to his name. He worked on long-term projects at the DuPont Experimental Station in Wilmington, Delaware, one of the more storied research facilities in the country, where products such as nylon, Lycra and Kevlar were created.  “Some of the great developments in American industry came out of that site,” Ozer says. “It was a time when America was growing so dramatically.”  But a lack of growth and pressure from investors forced DuPont to announce a merger with another giant, Dow Chemical. In advance of the merger, it has begun to shed jobs. In Delaware alone, DuPont plans to dump 1,700 workers—many in the area of long-term research, which can be expensive without yielding immediate rewards to shareholders. Ozer’s group was eviscerated.  The $130 billion merger of DuPont and Dow blends two U.S. companies that date back to the 19th century. Barry Lynn, an economist at the New America think tank, says that industry consolidation chills the labor market, sapping demand for skilled workers such as Ozer. Dominant companies can use their market power to charge customers more or make suppliers pay less—all without having to grow and create jobs to survive. Indeed, the push from Wall Street is to cull and cut, not grow. And when companies do expand today it’s largely through acquisition, not investment.  “That’s a huge amount of the energy that’s behind Trump,” Lynn says, “the sense of power being consolidated and being out of control and harming me and my family and my community.”  Ozer will try to take advantage of his contacts at DuPont to become a consultant, but admits that’s a gamble. Asked if he thinks he can replicate the six-figure salary he enjoyed at DuPont, he laughs. “I’m not confident of that.”  His chief concern is his two daughters, both of whom are out of college. In order to give his youngest a leg up in the market, he sent her to private Haverford College in Pennsylvania (tuition: $46,000)—going deep into debt to do so. “I have a lot of possibilities, but I need things to start turning into dollars soon,” he says.  For Sara Blackwell, representing U.S. workers displaced by the federal H1-B visa program began as a gig. Now, it’s a full-blown cause.  The Tampa lawyer has been giving away clients who would distract her from her work. She jokes she’s stopped sleeping and exercising. Recently, she launched a website called ProtectUSworkers.com. “I speak to an average of 10 people a day who are victims of this,” she tells me. “The more I learn about this, the more I have to fight.”  She began by representing IT workers at Walt Disney World in Florida who were replaced by guest workers from India brought in on temporary visas by outsourcing firms that contracted with Disney. She has filed a long-shot conspiracy lawsuit in federal court.  Blackwell contends that the practice of outsourcing low-end, back-office IT jobs to cut costs has become endemic. Globalization, she says, is systematically lowering the standard of living of American workers. “It’s a race to the bottom,” she says.  The Disney case garnered the attention of some in the U.S. Senate, including Jeff Sessions, a Republican from Alabama who now is at the forefront of a fight against the American tech industry, which wants to expand the guest-worker program citing a lack of domestic qualified engineers and programmers.  But those tech companies are at the back of the line. According to Ron Hira, a professor at Howard University who tracks applications, outsourcing firms have been crowding out tech companies in the race to acquire the highly coveted H1-B visas, which are capped at 85,000 a year.  Sessions, who is also a fierce opponent of immigration reform, was one of the first U.S. politicians to embrace Trump—and Blackwell has spoken out against the program at several Trump rallies.  She also has consulted with the outsourced employees who worked at Northeast Utilities in Connecticut, including Craig Diangelo.  Part of Diangelo’s frustration—and part of what is driving him toward Trump—is that Washington has done so little to curb what he views as abuses of the H1-B program. There is a greater push now on Capitol Hill to broaden the program rather than rein it in. “There’s nobody to help us,” he tells me. “There’s nobody to say you can’t do this.”  Richard Blumenthal, a U.S. senator from Connecticut, has been part of efforts to expand the program, but also to reform it. “It’s a desperately serious problem,” he says.  He told me that even though there is some bipartisan consensus on reform, efforts still aren’t moving forward, consumed by the same paralysis that’s stalling everything else.  “There are powerful forces against us,” Blumenthal says, “including the companies that exploit these programs.”  To Diangelo, that’s the dilemma of the modern, middle-class voter. He worked hard for years, lost his job when his only transgression was being too old and making too much money, was humiliated when he had to train his replacement, and then watched how state and federal politicians have been able to do nothing to help him.  Why shouldn’t he support Donald Trump? What’s worth preserving? He’s a tech worker, sipping Pinot Grigio over pad thai. He’s no militant or conspiracist. Yet...  “There is going to be an uprising,” he says. “People are starting to say: `I’ve had enough of this. I’ve really had enough.’”   This report first appeared in “The American Voter,” Reuters’ special election issue, available on iTunes or Google Play.",1
8564,White House candidate Clinton sees big boost in fundraising in July,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton raised nearly $90 million in July for her campaign and the Democratic Party, with more than half the donations coming from new donors, the campaign said on Tuesday. Clinton’s campaign said it had $58 million in the bank as it starts August, and that the donations it received last month averaged $44. Of the $90 million raised, $63 million was for Clinton’s presidential campaign while about $26 million was for other Democrats, it said in a statement. In June, Clinton, the Democratic nominee raised $68.5 million. The campaign credited last week’s Democratic National Convention with the boost in fundraising in July. It said its best 24-hour period for online fundraising began Thursday night when Clinton accepted the party’s nomination for the Nov. 8 presidential election. The campaign said it raised $8.7 million during that period. In a fundraising email to supporters, the Clinton campaign stressed it could not take a single vote for granted as it seeks to make history in November with the election of the first woman to be U.S. president. “If we underestimate our opponent or take this race for granted, we’ll lose,” the email said, referring to Republican nominee Donald Trump. ",1
8565,"Briton in Trump gun incident could die in U.S. prison, mother says","LONDON (Reuters) - A British man detained in the United States for allegedly trying to wrestle a gun from a police officer at a Donald Trump rally is suffering from severe mental illness and risks dying in prison, his mother said on Tuesday. Michael Sandford, 20, is due to face trial in Nevada on Aug. 22. He has pleaded not guilty to two felony counts of being an illegal alien in possession of a firearm and one felony count of impeding and disrupting the orderly conduct of government business. His mother, Lynne Sandford, told a news conference in London that her son, who has been diagnosed in the past with autism, depression and other mental health conditions, had been on suicide watch in a Nevada prison for the past three weeks. She portrayed her son as a compassionate, child-like man who enjoyed watching “Peppa Pig”, a British children’s television program, and who was bewildered and frightened by his incarceration. She said her son had attempted to take his own life when he was 14 years old and was suffering from anorexia. Michael Sandford was arrested after an incident at a Trump rally at the Treasure Island hotel in Las Vegas on June 18, and later told an investigator he wanted to kill the Republican presidential candidate, according to U.S. court papers. He has not been charged with attempted murder. “I accept that Michael has tried to do a bad thing but he is mentally ill and is not a bad or dangerous person,” said his mother, adding that she had last spoken to him on the phone on Sunday. “He kept breaking down and sobbing on the phone, saying ‘please, please, I just want to come home’. He’s very remorseful ... He’s just in a really bad way,” she said. Sandford has launched a campaign to have her son repatriated to Britain so he could be treated in a secure medical facility. She has raised $25,950 through the crowd-funding website Crowd Justice to pay for legal and other expenses. She said a British consular official who had visited her son in prison had reported that he was shackled and handcuffed. “It’s not clear that Michael actually understands what he has done,” said Saimo Chahal, the family’s British lawyer, speaking alongside Lynne Sandford. “Because of his Asperger’s, OCD (obsessive compulsive disorder) and other psychological conditions there is a question mark over whether he’s fit to plead and to undergo the trial process in the States,” she said. Chahal said she was working to provide the public defenders’ office in Nevada with independent evidence of Michael Sandford’s mental illness. She expected the trial to be postponed by at least 56 days initially to allow time for that. She hoped a trial would not happen and that Sandford would be repatriated to Britain as part of a plea bargain agreement. ",1
8566,"Buffett rebukes Trump, questions his business skill","OMAHA, Neb. (Reuters) - Billionaire investor Warren Buffett on Monday campaigned alongside U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton at a rowdy rally in his home state of Nebraska, where he challenged Republican Donald Trump to release his tax returns and questioned Trump’s business acumen. Trump, a New York real estate developer making his first run at public office, has said he cannot release his tax returns, a ritual of U.S. presidential campaigns, until the Internal Revenue Service has completed an audit. “Now I’ve got news for him,” said Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway (BRKa.N) conglomerate is based in Omaha. “I’m under audit, too, and I would be delighted to meet him anyplace, anytime, before the election. “I’ll bring my tax return, he can bring his tax return ... and let people ask us questions about the items that are on there,” Buffett added, saying Trump was “afraid” not of the tax-collecting IRS but of voters. In response, Trump’s spokeswoman Hope Hicks said: “As you know, Mr. Trump is undergoing a routine audit.” She had no immediate comment when asked to respond to Buffett saying that he too was under audit but would release his tax returns. Trump has asserted his success as a businessman qualifies him to lead the country, but Buffett, who backs Clinton in the Nov. 8 election, said Trump lost money the only time he went to the American people and asked them to invest.  He said it was in 1995 when Trump listed his Trump hotels and casino resorts on the New York Stock Exchange. He said the company lost money every year for the next decade. A monkey would have outperformed Trump’s company, Buffett said. In 1995, “if a monkey had thrown a dart at the stock page, the monkey on average would have made 150 percent,” he said. Buffett spoke for nearly 30 minutes to a raucous capacity crowd of roughly 3,100 people in a suburban Omaha high school with Clinton sitting at his side. He said Trump’s “final straw” was an ABC interview broadcast on Sunday in which he criticized the Muslim parents of a decorated U.S. soldier killed by a bomb in Iraq 12 years ago. The father Khizr Khan spoke at last week’s Democratic National Convention about their son and attacked Trump for proposing a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States. Trump said he was “viciously” attacked by Khan, a naturalized U.S. citizen, when the father publicly doubted Trump had read the U.S. Constitution. Khan said that Trump had “sacrificed nothing,” prompting Trump in his ABC interview to say, “I think I’ve made a lot of sacrifices.” Buffett on Monday bluntly contradicted Trump. “No member of the Buffett family has gone to Iraq or Afghanistan. No member of the Trump family has gone to Iraq or Afghanistan,” Buffett said. “We’ve both done extremely well during this period and our families haven’t sacrificed anything.” In his remarks Buffett announced the launch of a get-out-the vote effort, pledging to take at least 10 people to the polls who would otherwise have difficulty getting there. Buffett said he was backing a website, Drive2Vote, that would coordinate transportation to cast votes and that he had reserved a trolley that seats 32 people for the same purpose. “I’m going to be on it all day. I’m going to do selfies, whatever it takes,” Buffett said. Buffett said his goal is to generate the highest voter turnout in the congressional district that includes Omaha of any in the country. Nebraska is one of two U.S. states that award electoral votes in presidential elections by congressional district. Clinton responded to Buffett’s pledge with a promise of her own, if his turnout goal is met. “Warren and I will dance in the streets of Omaha together! Maybe if we’re really lucky he’ll wear his Elvis costume again!” she said.  ",1
8567,Colorado Governor says Trump doesn't understand fracking issue: Denver Post,"(Reuters) - Governor of Colorado John Hickenlooper on Monday criticized Donald Trump’s comments about fracking, saying the Republican presidential candidate does not completely understand the issue,  the Denver Post reported. Trump, during a campaign in Colorado, said that while he supports fracking, he also believes state and local governments should be able to ban fracking, the Denver Post reported. (dpo.st/2aIHGZy) Hickenlooper, a former geologist, called the issue a “tricky thing” when asked why he thought Trump was wrong to support locals’ ability to ban fracking, the publication wrote.  He also added that if total responsibility is given to local authorities, any oil and gas activity would be voted to be banned, and people who own these private properties with the minerals would lose out, the publication reported.  The Colorado Supreme Court has a ruling in force which does not allow local governments to ban fracking. A representative for Trump was not immediately available for comment. ",1
8568,Donald Trump fires senior adviser Ed Brookover: sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Monday fired senior adviser Ed Brookover, two sources close to his campaign said. The sources did not say why Brookover was fired. A statement from the Trump campaign confirmed Brookover had left. “The campaign has parted ways with Ed, but we are thankful to him for his many contributions and appreciate his continued support,” the Trump campaign said in a statement. Brookover did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Brookover, who joined the Trump campaign in March, was appointed in June to serve as a liaison between the Trump campaign and the Republican National Committee. Prior to joining Trump, Brookover served as campaign manager to Ben Carson during his failed bid for the Republican nomination. ",1
8569,Trump rebuts criticism by Army father at Democratic convention,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Donald Trump rejected criticism from the father of a soldier killed in Iraq who said the Republican presidential nominee had “sacrificed nothing and no one” and questioned whether the mother was allowed to speak during the couple’s appearance at the Democratic convention.  “I think I’ve made a lot of sacrifices,” Trump told ABC News in excerpts of an interview posted on Saturday. “I work very, very hard.”  Khizr Khan, a U.S. citizen of Pakistani origin and a Muslim, won widespread praise when he spoke Thursday at the Democratic National Convention, telling the story of his son, U.S. Army Captain Humayun Khan, who was killed by a bomb in Iraq in 2004.  He also attacked Trump for proposing a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States and asked if the candidate had read the U.S. Constitution. He pulled out a pocket-copy from the inside of his suit coat, in one of the most commented moments on the night that Hillary Clinton accepted her party’s nomination for president.   “Did Hillary’s script writers write it?” Trump asked ABC’s George Stephanopoulos in the interview, saying he has indeed sacrificed by employing thousands of people, and raising “millions of dollars” for veterans.  Trump said Khan appeared “very emotional and probably looked like a nice guy to me.” But the businessman also cast doubt on why Khan’s wife did not speak. “She was standing there, she had nothing to say, she probably, maybe she wasn’t allowed to have anything to say, you tell me,” Trump said. Clinton at a campaign rally Saturday night in Youngstown, Ohio, said the Khans specifically and Muslims generally are the most recent recipients of Trump’s insults, and referenced his past statements about immigrants and the disabled. “It’s a long list my friends. I don’t know, maybe he doesn’t have anything positive to say,” Clinton said.  Earlier in the day, Clinton said in a statement that she was “very moved to see Ghazala Khan stand bravely and with dignity in support of her son on Thursday night. And I was very moved to hear her speak last night, bravely and with dignity, about her son’s life and the ultimate sacrifice he made for his country.” Ghazala Khan told MSNBC on Friday that she chose not to speak because she still cannot bear to see her son’s photographs. Khizr Khan told the New York Times that the Clinton campaign asked if he need speechwriting help or coaching. “I said: ‘I really don’t, I have my thoughts in my head,’” Khan told the Times, adding, “‘Just let me say what I want to say. It will be heart-to-heart’.”       ",1
8570,Russia says accusations it was behind DNC email hack are insulting - Ifx,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia’s Foreign Ministry said on Monday that U.S. accusations that Moscow was behind a hack of Democratic National Committee computers were insulting and unworthy, the Interfax news agency reported. The ministry also said that Washington had not made the accusations through official channels, according to Interfax. ",1
8571,Kremlin: U.S. covering up election intrigue by demonising Russia,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Monday that U.S. allegations Moscow was behind the hacking of Democratic Party emails were part of a cover-up designed to hide the fact that the U.S. election campaign had been manipulated by domestic forces. U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said on Sunday Russian intelligence services had hacked into Democratic National Committee computers, and she questioned Republican rival Donald Trump’s overtures to Russian President Vladimir Putin. “Such pronouncements by Mrs Clinton are of the pre-election rhetoric genre and do not contain anything tangible,” Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters on a conference call. “In this case they (the Americans) are trying to camouflage some of their own (pre-election) shenanigans by demonising Russia. We consider that to be wrong.” Peskov said Clinton’s comments were absurd and emotional and lacking in facts, saying it was wrong to accuse Moscow of wrongdoing without first investigating the accusations. “Official Russian bodies ... do not carry out cyber terrorism,” he said, saying the Kremlin wanted to see U.S.-Russia relations normalised.  The Kremlin has repeatedly denied involvement in the hacking incident and said it does not favour any candidate in the Nov. 8 U.S. election. Despite its official stance, Kremlin-backed TV has tilted its coverage in favour of Trump whom Putin has called “very talented.” ",1
8572,Clinton says Russian intelligence services hacked DNC,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said Russian intelligence services hacked into Democratic National Committee computers and she accused Republican contender Donald Trump of showing support for Russian President Vladimir Putin. “We know that Russian intelligence services hacked into the DNC and we know that they arranged for a lot of those emails to be released and we know that Donald Trump has shown a very troubling willingness to back up Putin, to support Putin,” Clinton said in an interview with “Fox News Sunday.” The United States has not publicly accused Russia of being behind the hack of Democratic Party computers. Cyber security experts and U.S. officials, however, said they believed Russia engineered the release of the emails to influence the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election. Asked if she believed Putin wanted Trump to win the White House, Clinton said she was not going to jump to that conclusion. “But I think laying out the facts raises serious issues about Russian interference in our elections, in our democracy,” Clinton told Fox in the interview, taped Saturday. The United States would not tolerate that from any other country, especially one considered an adversary, she said. “For Trump to both encourage that and to praise Putin  despite what appears to be a deliberate effort to try to affect the election I think raises national security issues,” she said. The New York businessman has praised Putin, saying he was a stronger leader than U.S. President Barack Obama, a Democrat. Trump last week invited Russia to dig up tens of thousands of “missing” emails from Clinton’s time at the U.S. State Department. “Russia, if you’re listening, I hope you’re able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing,” Trump told reporters. The Republican presidential nominee for the Nov. 8 election later said he was being “sarcastic” in his comments, which raised concerns among intelligence experts and criticism that  Trump was urging a foreign government to spy on Americans.    ",1
8573,"Clinton says Russia behind DNC hacking, draws line to Trump","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said on Sunday that Russian intelligence services hacked into Democratic National Committee computers and she questioned Republican rival Donald Trump’s overtures to Russian President Vladimir Putin. “We know that Russian intelligence services hacked into the DNC and we know that they arranged for a lot of those emails to be released and we know that Donald Trump has shown a very troubling willingness to back up Putin, to support Putin,” Clinton said in an interview with “Fox News Sunday.” The White House has declined to speculate on who was behind the hack of Democratic Party computers, referring to an ongoing investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Cybersecurity experts and U.S. officials, however, said they believed Russia engineered the release of the emails to influence the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election.  Reuters reported a computer network used by Clinton’s campaign was hacked as part of the broad cyber attack on Democratic political organizations. The United States would not tolerate that from any other country, especially one considered an adversary, Clinton said. “For Trump to both encourage that and to praise Putin  despite what appears to be a deliberate effort to try to affect the election I think raises national security issues,” she said. Asked if she believed Putin wanted Trump in the White House, Clinton said she was not going to jump to that conclusion. “But I think laying out the facts raises serious issues about Russian interference in our elections, in our democracy,” Clinton told Fox in the interview, taped on Saturday. The Republican presidential nominee has praised Putin, saying he was a stronger leader than U.S. President Barack Obama, a Democrat. Trump last week invited Russia to dig up tens of thousands of “missing” emails from Clinton’s time at the U.S. State Department. “Russia, if you’re listening, I hope you’re able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing,” Trump told reporters. He later said he was being “sarcastic” in his comments, which raised concerns among intelligence experts and criticism that Trump was urging a foreign government to spy on Americans. Senator Jeff Sessions, a supporter of Trump, criticized  Clinton for leaving her email system vulnerable to Russian penetration and defended Trump’s comments. “I have people come up to me all the time and say ‘Why don’t you, if you want to find out where those 30,000 emails are, why don’t you ask the Russians?” Sessions told CNN.  WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange refused to answer questions on Sunday about whether a foreign government leaked the DNC emails to the group. “It’s an interesting speculative question for the press,” he told NBC’s “Meet the Press.” Trump’s “absolute allegiance to a lot of Russian wish-list foreign policy positions” is among the reasons he is unfit to be commander in chief, Clinton, a former U.S. senator, secretary of state and first lady, said in the Fox interview. Trump alarmed allies this month when he indicated he might abandon NATO’s mutual defense guarantee in the face of potential Russian aggression if members had not paid their bills. He also  suggested he would consider easing sanctions on Russia and recognizing its annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea region. On Sunday, Trump referred to that annexation again in a way that appeared to justify it. “The people of Crimea, from what I’ve heard, would rather be with Russia than where they were,” he said on ABC’s “This Week.” He also said Putin was “not going to go into Ukraine,” prompting a rebuke from Clinton adviser Jake Sullivan. “Russia is already in Ukraine. Does he not know that?” Sullivan said in a statement. Trump often speaks wistfully about smoother relations between Washington and Moscow. “Having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing,” he said on ABC. Such comments often leave his campaign to try to toughen the rhetoric. “I think Mr. Trump has made it very clear he views Russia to be somebody that we need to be firm with,” campaign manager Paul Manafort said on CBS’ “Face the Nation.” ",1
8574,House Speaker Ryan: Khan family sacrifice should be honored,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, responding to remarks by Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, said on Sunday said Muslim fallen Army Captain Humayun Khan made the ultimate sacrifice for his country.  “His sacrifice - and that of Khizr and Ghazala Khan - should always be honored. Period.” Ryan said in a statement. ",1
8575,"Trump 'not thrilled' with debate dates, Clinton vows 'to be there'","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican candidate Donald Trump said he is unhappy with the dates set for this fall’s presidential debates, but White House rival Hillary Clinton countered that the schedule was decided long ago and vowed to show up regardless of his objections.      The nonpartisan Commission on Presidential Debates has scheduled three televised debates ahead of the Nov. 8 election - Monday, Sept. 26, Sunday, Oct. 9, and Wednesday, Oct. 19. The dates were set almost a year ago. Trump and other Republicans said they should be changed because of conflicts with National Football League games. “I think two of the three are against the NFL, so I’m not thrilled with that,” the Republican presidential nominee said in an interview with ABC’s “This Week” that aired on Sunday. Speaking to reporters while campaigning at a cheese barn in Ashland, Ohio, Clinton noted that the debate schedule had been established long before the two major political parties chose their nominees. “I’m going to be there. That’s all I’ll say,” Clinton said just days after the end of the Democratic National Convention, where the former secretary of state accepted her party’s presidential nomination. In a statement, the commission said the chosen dates “will serve the American public well,” adding that it was impossible to avoid all sporting events when working out the schedule. It said the debates had never been rescheduled for such conflicts. Trump, who tweeted on Friday that Clinton was “trying to rig the debates” so that fewer people would watch, suggested in the ABC interview that his rival wanted the debates to be held “when nobody’s home” to watch. Newt Gingrich, a Trump adviser and former speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives, tweeted that the scheduling “makes me think the commission is rigged to help hide Hillary from the voters.” The commission was established in 1987 by the Republicans and Democrats to ensure the debates became a permanent part of the campaign after a series of “hastily arranged” events in 1976, 1980 and 1984 - and no debates in 1964, 1968 and 1972. Neither party is involved with running the commission, which is governed by an independent board of directors. It is co-chaired by former Republican National Committee chairman Frank Fahrenkopf and Mike McCurry, a former press secretary in Bill Clinton’s White House. David Axelrod, a former senior adviser to President Barack Obama, suggested on Twitter that Trump could be “just trying to ditch” the debates. When asked directly whether Trump would participate, his campaign manager, Paul Manafort, said the Republican candidate “wants to participate” but also seeks “the maximum audience.” “So we’re going to sit down with the commission in the next week or so and we’re going to start talking to them and we want to make sure we have a broad audience, understanding, watching the debates,” Manafort told CBS’s “Face the Nation.” RNC Chairman Reince Preibus said the debates would get more viewers if they were on Tuesday, Wednesday or Thursday nights. “We’re going to be working with the commission and what they’re putting together,” Preibus said on CBS. “We’re not going to agree with anything that our nominee doesn’t agree with.” Clinton adviser John Podesta called the complaints “more Trump debate malarkey. We will be at the debates set by the bipartisan debate commission and expect he will too,” Podesta said on Twitter. Trump also told ABC he had received a letter from the NFL saying the debate dates were “ridiculous.” But Brian McCarthy, a spokesman for the NFL, said there was no such letter. “While we’d obviously wish the debate commission could find another night, we did not send a letter to Mr. Trump,” McCarthy said on Twitter. ",1
8576,Clinton: 'I will be there' for presidential debates,"ASHLAND, Ohio (Reuters) - Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton told reporters on Sunday that she will attend the three debates set up ahead of the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election. “I will be there,” Clinton said, responding to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s complaints that the debates schedule conflicts with televised National Football League games. (This version of the story corrects the dateline to ASHLAND, Ohio, instead of CLEVELAND HEIGHTS) ",1
8577,McConnell calls Army captain Khan 'an American hero',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Republican, on Sunday called Muslim fallen Army Captain Humayun Khan “an American hero,” and said that Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s proposed ban on Muslims seeking to enter the country did not fit American values.  “I agree with the (Khans) and families across the country that a travel ban on all members of a religion is simply contrary to American values,” McConnell said in a statement. ",1
8578,Islamic State calls slain Muslim American soldier an 'apostate',"DUBAI (Reuters) - Islamic State on Sunday condemned as an “apostate” a U.S. Muslim soldier killed in Iraq whose story has re-ignited debate in the 2016 presidential election on the role of Muslims in American life. Dabiq, the militant group’s online magazine, showed a picture of U.S. Army Captain Humayun Khan’s tombstone in Arlington National Cemetery with a caption, “Beware of Dying as an apostate.” An accompanying article, penned by an unnamed “American convert in the Islamic State,” urged Muslims to resist Western influences and to either migrate to Islamic State-controlled lands or carry out lone attacks. “Reject these calls to disunity and come together. Live the life of Islam, for which you have already left the path of falsehood,” the militant wrote. “You are behind enemy lines, able to strike them where it hurts them most,” the article added. Khan’s death in a bomb attack in Iraq in 2004 re-emerged as an election issue when his father gave a speech at the Democratic National Convention on Thursday in which he paid homage to his son. Khizr Khan, a U.S. citizen of Pakistani origin and a Muslim,  also criticized Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump for proposing a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States and asked if the candidate had read the U.S. Constitution. Trump rejected the criticism and questioned whether the soldier’s mother was allowed to speak during the couple’s appearance at the podium. Ghazala Khan later said the outspoken billionaire was ignorant of Islam and of sacrifice.  Trump has stoked outrage during his unorthodox campaign by supporting racial profiling for Muslim Americans in the wake of a deadly shooting by a U.S.-born Muslim man killed 49 people at a gay nightclub in Orlando in June. Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee, has said the comments and other pointed remarks about American minorities show Trump is unfit to be president. ",1
8579,Clinton leads Trump by 6 points after Democratic confab: Reuters/Ipsos poll," NEW YORK (Reuters) - Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton held a 6- percentage-point lead over Republican rival Donald Trump, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll with new wording that was released on Friday, the day after she formally accepted her party’s nomination for the Nov. 8 election.  Nearly 41 percent of likely voters favor Clinton, 35 percent favor Trump, and 25 percent picked “Other,” according to the new July 25-29 online poll of 1,043 likely voters, which overlapped with the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia.  The poll has a credibility interval of 4 percentage points.  DON’T MISS: McCain slams Trump over attack on dead Muslim soldier's parents FBI employee accused of being Chinese agent to plead guilty: prosecutors Rio's Olympic air: Dirtier and deadlier than expected The presidential tracking poll reflects a slight change of wording from previous surveys, replacing the “Neither/Other” option given to respondents with just “Other.” An internal review had found the word “Neither” has, at times, siphoned support away from one or the other candidate.  Former Secretary of State Clinton delivered an upbeat keynote address at the Democratic convention on Thursday night, as she became the first woman to accept the presidential nomination from a major party.  In the biggest speech of her more than 25-year-old career in the public eye, Clinton, 68, cast herself as a steady leader at a “moment of reckoning” for the country, and contrasted her character with what she described as Trump’s dangerous and volatile temperament.  Trump, a 70-year-old New York businessman and former reality TV show host who has never held political office, responded in a Twitter post late on Thursday that “Hillary’s vision is a borderless world where working people have no power, no jobs, no safety.”  Both candidates were on the campaign trail on Friday, kicking off what is expected to be a hotly contested general election battle.  A separate Reuters/Ipsos survey that provided respondents with the option to choose from Clinton, Trump, Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson and Green Party candidate Jill Stein, has Clinton and Trump tied at 37 percentage points.  Of the alternative party candidates, Johnson came in third with 5 percentage points, followed by Stein at 1 percentage point, according to the July 25-29 survey of 1,426 likely voters, which has a credibility interval of 3 percentage points.",1
8580,Clinton secures Mark Cuban's endorsement in Pittsburgh,"PITTSBURGH, Pa. - Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton toured the U.S. Rust Belt on Saturday, promising to reject bad international trade deals during a factory visit and securing the endorsement of investor Mark Cuban at a Pittsburgh rally. The Dallas Mavericks owner, who said as recently as last month that there was a “good chance” he would vote for Donald Trump, instead criticized the Republican nominee’s leadership in front of an energetic crowd. “Leadership is not yelling and screaming and intimidating,” Cuban said. “You know what we call a person like that in Pittsburgh? A jagoff!” Cuban added, using disparaging Pittsburgh slang. Cuban had spoken with Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta several times in recent weeks and called him on Thursday to say he was ready to endorse Clinton, a campaign aide said. Clinton, along with her running-mate Tim Kaine, a U.S. senator from Virginia, is on a three-day tour of Pennsylvania and Ohio after becoming the first woman to accept a major U.S. party’s presidential nomination at the Democratic convention in Philadelphia on Thursday. Pennsylvania and Ohio are two states in the U.S. Rust Belt that are dealing with job losses caused by the decline in U.S. manufacturing. Neither leans heavily in favor of either political party but both voted for Obama in 2008 and 2012.  Trump has zeroed in on white, working-class voters in the region as critical to his campaign and plans to visit both states early next week.  In a visit earlier on Saturday to Johnstown Wire Technologies in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, Clinton told the largely union crowd there that she would create good-paying jobs by investing in infrastructure and reject a pending Asia trade deal that has become a flashpoint in the U.S. presidential campaign. “We are going to say ‘no’ to unfair trade deals, we’re going to stand up to China,” Clinton said.  “I feel strongly about this and I need your help,” she added. The pending Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) negotiated by President Barack Obama has drawn criticism from both Clinton and Trump. Clinton says it does not do enough to protect U.S. workers. Trump has said he would rip it up and questioned whether Clinton would keep her stance if she wins the Nov. 8 presidential election. Leo Gerard, the president of the United Steelworkers, which represents roughly 200 of the 260 workers employed by Johnstown Wire Technologies, assured the crowd in his introduction of Clinton that Republicans have been “telling lies” about Clinton’s stance on the deal.  Cambria County, where Johnstown Wire Technologies is based, is 94-percent white and has a median household income of $42,000. Clinton and Kaine will continue their jobs-focused tour that began in Philadelphia, continuing on to Youngstown and Columbus. They are trying to contrast their plan to use infrastructure investments to create jobs with that of Trump, whom Clinton said Friday has a “downbeat vision of America.” “We are visiting places that prove what Americans can do,” Clinton said in Johnstown. “This country and our people have what it takes to get ahead and stay ahead if they have the leadership that gives us that chance.” ",1
8581,Exclusive: Clinton campaign also hacked in attacks on Democrats,"WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A computer network used by Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s campaign was hacked as part of a broad cyber attack on Democratic political organizations, people familiar with the matter told Reuters. The latest attack, which was disclosed to Reuters on Friday, follows two other hacks on the Democratic National Committee, or DNC, and the party’s fundraising committee for candidates for the U.S. House of Representatives. A Clinton campaign spokesman said in a statement late on Friday that an analytics data program maintained by the DNC and used by the campaign and a number of other entities “was accessed as part of the DNC hack.” “Our campaign computer system has been under review by outside cyber security experts. To date, they have found no evidence that our internal systems have been compromised,” said Clinton campaign spokesman Nick Merrill. Later, a campaign official said hackers had access to the analytics program’s server for approximately five days. The analytics data program is one of many systems the campaign accesses to conduct voter analysis, and does not include social security numbers or credit card numbers, the official said. The U.S. Department of Justice national security division is investigating whether cyber attacks on Democratic political organizations threatened U.S. security, sources familiar with the matter said on Friday. The involvement of the Justice Department’s national security division is a sign that the Obama administration has concluded that the hacking was sponsored by a state, people with knowledge of the investigation said. While it is unclear exactly what material the hackers may have gained access to, the third such attack on sensitive Democratic targets disclosed in the last six weeks has caused alarm in the party and beyond, just over three months before the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election. Hackers, whom U.S. intelligence officials have concluded were Russian, gained access to the entire network of the fundraising Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, or DCCC, said people familiar with the matter, detailing the extent of the breach to Reuters for the first time. Cyber security experts and U.S. officials said earlier this week they had concluded, based on analysis of malware and other aspects of the DNC hack, that Russia engineered the release of hacked Democratic Party emails to influence the U.S. presidential election. The U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation said on Friday it was “aware of media reporting on cyber intrusions involving multiple political entities, and is working to determine the accuracy, nature and scope of these matters.” “The FBI takes seriously any allegations of intrusions, and we will continue to hold accountable those who pose a threat in cyberspace,” the agency said in an emailed statement. The hack did not involve the private email system Clinton used while she was secretary of state. Yahoo News reported on Thursday night that the FBI had warned the Clinton campaign last March that it was a target of a cyber attack involving spearphishing and had asked the campaign to turn over sensitive data to help in its investigation, but that campaign lawyers rejected this request as too intrusive. A source familiar with the matter confirmed this account to Reuters.  The new disclosure to Reuters that hackers gained access to the full DCCC network means they would have had access to everything on the network from emails to strategy memos and opposition research prepared to support Democratic candidates in campaigns for the House. The hack of the DCCC, which is based in Washington, was reported first by Reuters on Thursday, ahead of Clinton’s speech in Philadelphia accepting the Democratic party’s nomination. Russian officials could not be immediately reached for comment. Several U.S. officials said the Obama administration has avoided publicly attributing the attacks to Russia as that might undermine Secretary of State John Kerry’s effort to win Russian cooperation in the war on Islamic State in Syria. The officials said the administration fears Russian President Vladimir Putin might respond to a public move by escalating cyber attacks on U.S. targets, increasing military harassment of U.S. and allied aircraft and warships in the Baltic and Black Seas, and making more aggressive moves in Eastern Europe. Some officials question the approach, arguing that responding more forcefully to Russia would be more effective than remaining silent. The Obama administration announced in an April 2015 executive order that it could apply economic sanctions in response to cyber attacks.  The hack on the DNC, made public in June, led to WikiLeaks publishing more than 19,000 emails last weekend, some of them showing favoritism within the DNC for Clinton over U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont. DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz resigned on Sunday as a result, creating a rocky start for the party’s convention in Philadelphia this week. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump on Wednesday invited Russia to dig up thousands of “missing” emails from Clinton’s time at the State Department, prompting Democrats to accuse him of urging foreigners to spy on Americans. On Thursday, Trump said his remarks were meant as sarcasm. Earlier in the week, Clinton campaign senior policy adviser Jake Sullivan had criticized Trump and called the hacking “a national security issue.” Trump campaign spokesman Jason Miller said on Friday the reported breach showed cyber security is “a problem wherever Hillary Clinton goes. Hopefully this time there wasn’t classified or top secret information that puts American lives at risk.” In Washington, the DCCC said early on Friday it had hired cyber security firm CrowdStrike to investigate. “We have taken and are continuing to take steps to enhance the security of our network,” the DCCC said. “We are cooperating with federal law enforcement with respect to their ongoing investigation.” The DCCC had no additional comment late on Friday. Officials at the DNC did not respond to requests for comment.  Senator Dianne Feinstein, a California Democrat and the top Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee, told CNN on Friday she had not heard about the hack of the Clinton campaign. But she said: “It wouldn’t surprise me. I think it should be pretty clear that both campaigns should be aware that there’s a problem out there. Everybody should be cautious.” ",1
8582,Clinton campaign: no evidence computer systems were compromised,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s campaign said on Friday that an analytics data program maintained by the Democratic National Committee and used by the campaign was accessed as part of a hack, but outside experts have found no evidence that its internal systems have been compromised. ",1
8583,Trump to Clinton: 'No more Mr. Nice Guy',"COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said he was taking the gloves off in his battle against Democrat Hillary Clinton in the race for the White House after taking a scorching from speakers at the Democratic National Convention. Trump wrapped up a five-day, seven-state campaign swing in Colorado on Friday, where for a fifth straight day his supporters chanted “lock her up” whenever he brought up Clinton’s name. Trump supporters say Clinton deserves to be prosecuted for her handling of U.S. foreign policy as President Barack Obama’s first-term secretary of state and for her use of a private email server while in that office. All week Trump has sought to tamp down the chants by stressing that his main goal is to simply beat Clinton in the Nov. 8 presidential election. But as the crowd chanted the slogan in Colorado Springs, Trump finally relented. “I’m starting to agree with you, frankly,” he said. “No more Mr. Nice Guy.” In Denver later, he changed his tune when he heard the chant. “I’ll tell you what I’d rather do, honestly, is just beat her on Nov. 8 at the polls. She would be a disaster,” he said. Trump was a punching bag at the Democratic convention in Philadelphia, which wrapped up Thursday night, as speaker after speaker - including some Republicans - said he lacked the temperament to be president. Clinton herself said in her acceptance speech that the election represented a “moment of reckoning” for the country. In Colorado Springs, Trump got sidetracked by a couple of disputes from last year as he tried to rebut a Clinton campaign ad. That ad uses video clip from Trump’s attack on Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly in protest of her questioning of him at a debate of Republican presidential contenders last August when he said afterward that blood was “coming out of her eyes, coming out of her wherever.” “I was talking about her nose,” Trump said in Colorado Springs. “I wanted to get back on the issue of taxes” at the debate. Trump also brought up the case of disabled New York Times reporter Serge Kovaleski, whom Trump seemed to mock publicly in video used by the Clinton ad. Trump said he was depicting the reporter groveling to him. “I didn’t know he was disabled. I didn’t know it at all. I had no idea,” he said. ",1
8584,Clinton gets down to campaign business with Rust Belt trip,"HARRISBURG, Pa. (Reuters) - Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton took her newly energized White House bid on the road on Friday for a tour of crucial “Rust Belt” states Pennsylvania and Ohio, but the campaign’s focus was clouded by a newly disclosed cyber attack. Reuters on Friday reported that the computer network used by Clinton’s campaign, which is based in Brooklyn, had been hacked as part of a broad cyber attack on Democratic political organizations, citing people familiar with the matter. The campaign said a data program maintained by the Democratic National Committee and used by the campaign and other entities was accessed as part of a cyber attack on the DNC. The Clinton campaign said outside experts had found no evidence that its internal systems had been compromised.  On Thursday, Reuters reported that the party’s fundraising committee for candidates for the U.S. House of Representatives had also been breached, the second such incident after last weekend’s leak of DNC emails. Revelations from the DNC emails gave the Democratic convention a rocky start, threatening a bid to reunify the party after a bitter primary campaign. Even so, a Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Friday showed Clinton leading Republican rival Donald Trump by 6 percentage points. Nearly 41 percent of likely voters favor Clinton, 35 percent favor Trump, and 25 percent picked “other,” according to the new July 25-29 online poll of 1,043 likely voters, which overlapped with the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia. After a speech Thursday night in which she became the first woman to accept a major party’s presidential nomination, Clinton launched a three-day bus tour of Ohio and Pennsylvania, which like other Rust Belt states have been hit by the decline in U.S. manufacturing.  Clinton and her vice presidential running mate, U.S. Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, on Friday attended a rally at Philadelphia’s Temple University, toured a factory in Hatfield and ended the day in Harrisburg. They will continue onto Ohio on Saturday and Sunday.  Clinton is likely to face a tough challenge in such states from Trump, a New York businessman who is trying to win white working-class voters with rhetoric blasting free trade and illegal immigration. Clinton and Kaine are using the Rust Belt tour to highlight manufacturing successes and discuss how they plan to boost wages for the middle class. In the process they aim to contrast their vision for the country with the one offered by Trump. “If you’re looking for a kind of pessimistic, downbeat vision of America, we’re not your folks,” Clinton said in Hatfield. “We do not buy into that dark, divisive, image that was presented at the Republican convention last week.” Opinion polls show a potentially tight race in Ohio and Pennsylvania, both of which President Barack Obama won in the 2012 election. “The differences are stark,” Kaine said in Harrisburg. Clinton and Trump are essentially tied in Ohio, where the Republicans held their convention last week, according to an average of polls by RealClearPolitics. Clinton has a lead of 4.4 percentage points in Pennsylvania, the website’s average of recent polls showed. Ohio and to a lesser extent Pennsylvania are among a handful of competitive states traditionally viewed as decisive in presidential elections, because they do not lean heavily Democratic or Republican. In her speech on Thursday, Clinton, 68, a former first lady and U.S. senator, promised to make the United States a country that works for everyone if she is elected. “We are clear-eyed about what our country is up against. But we are not afraid,” she said. Clinton portrayed Trump as a threat to the country, saying, “A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons.”   Trump, 70, sent out a flurry of comments on Twitter on Friday morning lambasting media coverage of the speech as “a joke,” calling the address “very long and very boring” and accusing Clinton of wanting to shut down “coal mines, steel plants and any other remaining manufacturing.”  He campaigned in another swing state, Colorado, on Friday and was scheduled to visit Ohio next week.  The U.S. television audience for Clinton’s acceptance speech was smaller than the viewership of Trump’s address a week earlier, according to ratings data released on Friday. An estimated 29.8 million people watched Clinton across 10 broadcast and cable networks, Nielsen data showed. Trump drew 32.2 million viewers in his July 21 address at the Republican National Convention.     Economic issues will be crucial as the White House campaign enters its final three-month stretch. The U.S. economy grew by only 1.2 percent in the second quarter, far less than expected, the Commerce Department said on Friday.  During the Rust Belt trip, Clinton will detail her pledge to raise wages and create jobs by unveiling a major infrastructure package within the first 100 days of her presidency, and encouraging companies to invest in workers.    The start of the Democratic convention was overshadowed by the resignation of DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz, who quit over leaked emails showing party officials favored Clinton over her primary rival Bernie Sanders, a U.S. senator of Vermont. Cyber security experts and U.S. officials said on Monday there was evidence that Russia engineered the release of the  emails in order to influence the election. The Kremlin has denied the accusations. Yet another hack came to light on Thursday, when four people familiar with the matter told Reuters that the Federal Bureau of Investigation is investigating a cyber attack against the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, which raises money for Democrats running for the U.S. House of Representatives. The DCCC confirmed on Friday that it had been the target of a cyber security incident.  ",1
8585,Federal judge strikes down parts of Wisconsin voter laws,"(Reuters) - A federal judge on Friday struck down a string of Wisconsin voting restrictions passed by the Republican-led legislature and ordered the state to revamp its voter identification rules, finding that they disenfranchised minority voters. U.S. District Judge James Peterson, ruling in a legal challenge to the laws by two liberal groups, said he could not overturn the entire voter ID law because a federal appeals court had already found such restrictions to be constitutional. But Peterson, in his 119-page ruling, said the requirements that Wisconsin voters show either a photo identification or go through a special petition process had unfairly burdened minorities and needed to be reformed or replaced before the November presidential election. “To put it bluntly, Wisconsin’s strict version of voter ID law is a cure worse than the disease,” the judge wrote.  Peterson left the voting rules intact for the Aug 9. primary elections for federal, state and local offices, saying to change them less than two weeks in advance would be disruptive.  But his ruling was expected to impact the November presidential election in Wisconsin, which could prove a crucial battleground state for Democrat Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump. Peterson also struck down as unconstitutional limits on in-person absentee voting, residency requirements and a ban on using expired student identification. Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker said in a tweet that he was “disappointed in the decision by an activist federal judge” and expected to file an appeal. A spokesman for One Wisconsin Institute, one of the two groups which filed the challenge, hailed Peterson’s ruling as “a huge win not only for the plaintiffs but for democracy itself.”  Wisconsin is one of several Republican-led states that have passed such voter ID laws in recent years amid fear of fraudulent voting by illegal immigrants and others.  Among the nine states with the strictest laws, insisting on state-issued photo identification for voters, are Georgia, Indiana, Texas and Virginia. A U.S. appeals court judge earlier this month ruled the Texas law discriminatory. The judge sent the case back to the lower court to examine whether the law had a discriminatory purpose and also asked the court for a short-term fix for the November general election. Republicans say voter ID laws are needed to prevent voter fraud. Democrats say the laws are really intended to make it harder for poor African-Americans and Latinos, who tend to vote Democrat, to vote. ",1
8586,U.S. Air Force asks industry for proposals to replace nuclear missiles,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Air Force asked industry on Friday for proposals to replace the Minuteman III intercontinental ballistic missile and the nuclear cruise missile as the military moves ahead with a costly modernization of its aging atomic weapons systems. The Air Force said in a statement it expected to award up to two contracts for a new ICBM weapons system, or ground-based strategic deterrent, sometime next summer or fall. It also expected to award up to two contracts in the same time frame for a new nuclear cruise missile, or long-range standoff weapon. Modernization of the U.S. nuclear force is expected to cost more than $350 billion over the next decade as the United States works to replace its aging systems, including bombs, nuclear bombers, missiles and submarines. Some analysts estimate the cost of modernization at $1 trillion over 30 years. The new ICBM system would be a follow-on to the Minuteman missile, whose launch systems and physical infrastructure first became operational in the mid-1960s. The system has been upgraded over the years, but much of the infrastructure is original, the Air Force said. The most recent versions of the Minuteman III date from the late 1990s and early 2000s and had an intended 20-year life span, the Air Force said. The missile will “face increased operational and sustainment challenges until it can be replaced,” it said. “This request for proposals is the next step to ensuring the nation’s ICBM leg of the nuclear triad remains safe, secure and effective,” said Major General Scott Jansson, who leads the Air Force program office for strategic systems. Opponents of replacing the nuclear cruise missile have argued that its missions could be handled by other legs of the triad. Others say it is an unnecessary expense at a time of shrinking budgets and smaller deployed nuclear arsenals. The military insists the new cruise missile is needed to enable older bombers to deliver nuclear weapons to targets whose air space is heavily defended and difficult to reach with gravity bombs. The missile is “needed to replace the aging air launched cruise missile, which has far exceeded its originally planned service life ... and is required to support our B-52 bomber fleet,” Admiral Cecil Haney, the head of U.S. Strategic Command, told lawmakers earlier this year. ",1
8587,U.S. worried about hunger-striking Cuban dissidents: State Department,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is concerned about the physical well-being of hunger-striking activists in Cuba and is closely watching their situation, the U.S. State Department said on Friday. “We stand in solidarity with those who advocate for human rights and fundamental freedoms, including freedom of expression and the right to peaceful assembly,” State Department spokesman John Kirby told a briefing. “We have raised our concerns directly with the Cuban government, both in Washington and Havana,” he added. Kirby said Washington was particularly concerned about the health of dissidents Carlos Amel Oliva, who leads the youth wing of a Cuban dissident group, and Guillermo Farinas.  Farinas began a hunger strike earlier this month calling, for Raul Castro’s government to end torture and human rights abuses. He was taken to Arnaldo Milian Castro Hospital in the city of Santa Clara on Thursday after becoming extremely weak and fainting eight days into the strike, The Miami Herald reported. Farinas and about 20 other rights activists are on hunger-strike in Cuba. ",1
8588,U.S. court rejects NJ Senator Menendez's bid to end corruption case,"(Reuters) - A federal appeals court on Friday refused to dismiss a corruption indictment against Senator Robert Menendez of New Jersey, rejecting the Democrat’s claim that the U.S. Constitution shielded him from prosecution. The 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals said prosecutors could pursue charges that Menendez accepted campaign donations and gifts, including a stay in a Caribbean villa and private jet flights from a wealthy friend, Florida ophthalmologist Salomon Melgen, in exchange for using his office to lobby on his behalf. “Members of Congress are not to be ‘super-citizens’ immune from criminal liability,” Circuit Judge Thomas Ambro wrote for a three-judge panel of the Philadelphia-based appeals court. Friday’s decision means the case could eventually be headed for trial, and could complicate Democrats’ efforts to regain control of the U.S. Senate after the Nov. 8 election. If Menendez, 62, were forced to give up the seat he has held since 2006, Governor Chris Christie, a Republican, could under New Jersey law appoint a temporary replacement. The senator has pledged to stay in office while defending himself, but has given up his post as the ranking Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Abbe Lowell, Menendez’s lawyer, said the senator intends to ask the entire appeals court to review Friday’s decision, and, if necessary, appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court. The decision is “another step in the legal process that, at the end of the day, will show that Senator Menendez has always acted in accordance with the law,” Lowell said in a statement. “The Senator remains confident that he will be vindicated.” Peter Carr, a U.S. Department of Justice spokesman, declined to comment. In an indictment unveiled in April 2015, Menendez was accused of accepting bribes from Melgen in exchange for interceding in various matters on his friend’s behalf. Prosecutors said these included an $8.9 million Medicare billing dispute, and a contract dispute with the Dominican Republic in which Menendez encouraged the State Department to intervene. Menendez and Melgen have pleaded not guilty to the respective charges they faced in the 22-count indictment. Last September, U.S. District Judge William Walls in Newark, New Jersey, dismissed four bribery counts but left most of the government’s case intact. In his appeal, Menendez argued that his actions were protected by the Constitution’s “speech or debate” clause, which offers broad protection to members of Congress against prosecution for actions they undertake as legislators. Ambro, however, said Menendez’s actions amounted to “essentially lobbying on behalf of a particular party,” and thus outside the “safe harbor” provided in the Constitution. There is “a sufficient basis for the district court’s conclusion that the predominant purpose of the challenged acts was to pursue a political resolution to Dr. Melgen’s disputes,” Ambro wrote. “It was not to engage in true legislative oversight or otherwise influence broad matters of policy.” Lowell had argued that Walls should have focused on what actually went on at the meetings in question, saying the record reflected that “high-level policy discussions” had taken place. Ambro said Menendez remains free to argue that his efforts were directed toward influencing policy, and the government still has the burden at trial of proving otherwise. “The evidence in favor of Senator Menendez will no doubt channel forcefully his position at trial,” the judge wrote. Friday’s decision came one month after the Supreme Court unanimously overturned the bribery convictions of former Virginia Governor Bob McDonnell. That court said routine political activities such as arranging meetings or reaching out to public officials generally could not form a basis for criminal prosecutions. The 3rd Circuit focused mainly on the speech or debate clause, and did not mention McDonnell. Lowell said that case raised “important” issues that need to be addressed. The case is U.S. v. Menendez, 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, No. 15-3459. ",1
8589,Democratic fund-raising group for Congress candidates confirms hack,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A committee that raises money for Democratic candidates for the U.S. House of Representatives confirmed on Friday it had been hacked in an intrusion possibly linked to Russian hackers, similar to an earlier breach targeting another Democratic Party group. In an incident that escalated concerns about the potential for Russian meddling in U.S. politics, Reuters first reported on Thursday that the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation is probing the hack at the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, or DCCC. The intrusion took place from at least June 19 to June 27, though it may have been longer, according to analysis conducted by U.S. network security company FireEye.  The committee said in a statement it has hired cyber security firm CrowdStrike to investigate. “We have taken and are continuing to take steps to enhance the security of our network,” the committee said. “We are cooperating with federal law enforcement with respect to their ongoing investigation.” The DCCC hack may be related to an earlier hack against the Democratic National Committee, which raises money and sets strategy for Democratic candidates nationwide. The DNC and DCCC occupy the same office building in Washington. Potential links to Russian hackers in both incidents were likely to heighten accusations, so far unproven, that Moscow is trying to meddle in the U.S. presidential election campaign to help Republican nominee Donald Trump. The Kremlin denied involvement in the DNC cyber attack. In June, a bogus website was registered with a name resembling a DCCC donation site. For some time, donation-related internet traffic that was supposed to go to a donation-processing firm instead went to the fake site. The DCCC intrusion may have been used to compromise the computer systems of donors who visited the spoof site, rather than to collect their personal information, said John Hultquist, manager of cyber espionage analysis at FireEye. Several major Democratic donors contacted by Reuters on Friday said they had not been notified of the hack and were not concerned about their information being accessed.  “I’m less concerned about that than I am about my Amex being hacked,” said John Morgan, 60, a Florida attorney. Cindy Miscikowski, 68, a California donor, said she would be upset if hackers got her bank information, but otherwise she was not worried because donations are disclosed publicly.    The timeframe of the DCCC hack would place it days after the DNC went public with its breach and said the hackers had been kicked out of its systems.  Sources said the numerical Internet address of the spurious DCCC site resembled one used by a Russian government-linked hacking group, one of two suspected in the DNC breach. Rich Barger, co-founder of security intelligence firm ThreatConnect Inc, said his analysis of the fake donation site tied it to the group linked to Russian military intelligence.  He said the web domain name was set up through a service that accepts bitcoin, with a contact email address that had been used to set up websites involved in a major German hack, which also was attributed to the Russian group. Cyber experts and U.S. officials said this week there was evidence that Russia engineered the DNC hack to release sensitive party emails and influence U.S. politics. The DNC hack raised concerns among Democrats at the party’s convention in Philadelphia, where Hillary Clinton was nominated as the party’s candidate in the Nov. 8 presidential election. The new hack at the DCCC could add pressure on the Obama administration to make a public accusation or retaliate. The Justice Department and other agencies have said it is important for deterrence to “name and shame” cyber adversaries. “Any efforts on a nation state’s part to interfere with U.S. politics through cyber attacks would appear to cross a line that would demand a response from the U.S. government,” said D.J. Rosenthal, a former Justice Department and National Security Council official. A former White House official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said any formal accusation would require overwhelmingly certain evidence. Staffers for the Republican National Committee and the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee said separately that those campaign organizing groups had not been hacked. ",1
8590,Obama to showcase TPP after trade deal demonized in campaign,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - During a visit from Singapore’s prime minister on Tuesday, President Barack Obama will extol the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal and commit to getting the deal done, a top White House official said on Friday, even though Obama’s fellow Democrats panned it at their convention this week.  Obama wants the U.S. Congress to approve the 12-nation trade deal, which he sees as a central part of his economic and foreign policy legacy, before he leaves the White House on Jan. 20. Free trade deals have been blamed for U.S. manufacturing plant closures, job losses and stagnant wages. Obama has cast the TPP as righting the wrongs of past trade deals like the North American Free Trade Agreement with Mexico and Canada. Both countries also are part of the TPP. Both Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump oppose the TPP, and it has become a hot-button issue in the campaign to replace Obama. Congressional leaders have been pessimistic about the odds of ratifying the deal either during the short session in September, or during the brief “lame duck” session after the Nov. 8 election. When Obama rolls out the red carpet for Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong on Tuesday, one of the main goals will be “lifting up the benefits” of the TPP, said Daniel Kritenbrink, top Asia policy adviser at the White House National Security Council. “I predict he will also once again say to the prime minister that he’s committed to getting TPP done and doing so before the end of his term,” Kritenbrink told reporters on Friday. “TPP is going to be great for the American economy, for American workers and American companies,” Kritenbrink said, noting Singapore, a signatory to the deal, strongly supports it. Trump has argued vociferously against multinational trade deals like TPP, saying he would prefer instead to have deals with specific countries one on one. On Thursday night at a rally in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, Trump said TPP should be rejected. “I like trade where the United States makes a lot of money,” he said. Trump has been critical of Clinton, Obama’s former secretary of state, and her vice presidential running mate Tim Kaine, for shifting their positions to oppose the trade deal. Signs protesting the deal were prominent during the Democratic convention, which wrapped up on Thursday. Kaine, a Democratic senator who had praised the TPP deal until he joined Clinton’s ticket, told CNN on Friday that he was concerned the deal gives corporations the power to challenge trade practices, but not unions or environmental groups. “The deal is going to come up for a vote and I can’t vote for it with these secret courts that are open to the companies only,” Kaine said in the interview. Obama is “acutely aware” of the difficult election year politics for the TPP but that will not stop him from forging ahead, White House spokesman Eric Schultz told reporters on Friday. “The president absolutely believes this deal should pass this year,” Schultz said. ",1
8591,Obama wants Pacific trade deal to pass this year: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama wants Congress to approve the Trans-Pacific Partnership deal this year to help write the rules on global trade while keeping a competitive edge, the White House said on Friday. “This will be something that Congress has to contend with. They can either cede that ground to China - the president believes that is the wrong approach, that we have the opportunity, we’re in the catbird seat to write the rules of the road for trade right now and we should absolutely do that,” White House spokesman Eric Schultz said. “The president absolutely believes this deal should pass this year.” ",1
8592,"U.S., Cuba hold 'substantive' second round talks on claims","WASHINGTON/HAVANA (Reuters) - The United States and Cuba have concluded a “substantive” second round of talks on multibillion-dollar claims against one another in Washington and agreed to hold more regular meetings on the matter, a State Department Official said on Friday. The former Cold War foes had a first meeting outlining their respective claims in December in Havana as part of a deepening detente. The issue is one of the key and complex obstacles to normalization of relations between the two countries. “The second meeting was more substantive both in exploring more details about claims that need to be resolved but also in reviewing the practices of both countries in solving claims,” the State Department official told reporters on condition of anonymity. “Both sides agreed they would have more regular meetings.” There is no set date yet for the next meeting, which will place in Havana, in accordance with bilateral protocol, the official said. Cuba wants at least $121 billion in reparations for economic damages caused by the U.S. trade embargo and at least $181 billion for “human damages.” The United States has awarded its firms and individuals $1.9 billion worth of claims against Cuba for factories, farms, homes and other assets that were nationalized on the island after Fidel Castro’s rebels came to power in 1959. Those claims are now roughly worth $8 billion when including 6 percent annual interest.  The Cuban government has reached settlements with other countries for expropriated assets but it cut off negotiations with the United States when bilateral relations soured in the 1960s. Many of the nationalized companies no longer exist and individual claims have been passed to heirs. The State Department official said the United States also is claiming $2.2 billion for court judgments outstanding against Cuba and hundreds of millions for former government mining interests on the island. Cuba’s Foreign Ministry said in a statement the two countries had continued sharing information on their respective claims “with the aim of preparing the process of negotiation.” ",1
8593,The year of 'Neither': Why Reuters/Ipsos is tweaking its U.S. presidential poll,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - In a presidential campaign notable for its negativity, the option of “Neither” candidate appears to be an appealing alternative, at least to participants in the Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll. Many voters on both sides have been ambivalent in their support for Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican nominee Donald Trump, complicating the task of the pollsters trying to track the race. That sentiment may help explain an apparent skew that recently emerged in the Reuters/Ipsos poll results. Given the choice, a relatively large group of voters opted for “Neither/Other” candidate compared with other major polls, leading to an underreporting of several percentage points for one or other of the two major contenders at times in the race. As a result, Reuters/Ipsos is amending the wording of the choice and eliminating the word “Neither,” bringing the option in line with other polls.      The amended Reuters/Ipsos tracking poll will be published later Friday, available at polling.reuters.com.  From the beginning of June until the middle of July, the Reuters/Ipsos survey showed consistently lower support for Trump than other polls were capturing. At times, the Reuters/Ipsos poll showed Clinton with a lead over Trump as wide as about 12 percentage points among registered voters - five percentage points higher than Clinton’s lead in some other comparable polls. To determine the cause, the pollsters examined what made the Reuters/Ipsos poll different. Their conclusion: By giving respondents the option of “Neither/Other,” the survey appears to have captured greater numbers of ambivalent voters unwilling to commit to either candidate than other major polls, which only offer the choice of “Other.” During the period analyzed, the historically high antipathy for both major candidates, paired with the option of selecting “Neither/Other,” meant the Reuters/Ipsos poll probably underreported Trump’s support before the Republican convention, perhaps by 3 to 5 percentage points.  More recently, the “Neither/Other” option appeared to lead to an underreporting of Clinton’s support in the run-up to the Democratic convention, said Cliff Young, pollster and president of Ipsos Public Affairs, which partners with Reuters on the poll. The pollsters estimated the Clinton shortfall at 2 to 4 percentage points. Tom W. Smith, director of the Center for the Study of Politics and Society at the University of Chicago, said the earlier Trump numbers in the Reuters/Ipsos poll could have indicated a softness of support for Trump among a relatively small group of conservative voters who had yet to come to terms with his candidacy.  It is plausible that a similar effect among Democratic voters may be hitting Clinton now when presented with the option of “Neither,” he said. And the skews displayed by the “Neither” phenomenon may indicate there is a chance for some gains among alternative party candidates, Smith said. Tim Mclheny, a 47-year-old civil servant from Vermont who describes himself as a moderate Republican, is a case in point. When asked in the Reuters/Ipsos poll who he will vote for in November, he skipped both Trump and Clinton and opted for “Neither/Other.” “It is the lesser of two evils,” Mclheny said. He said he will cast his ballot for the candidate he believes will do the best for civil servants. Ultimately, however, he said he may well grudgingly opt for Trump come November. Here’s how the pollsters reviewed their methodology and decided to drop “Neither.” Ipsos tested three alternate versions of the presidential preference questions on different groups in a survey and compared those results to the outcome of the established version of the tracking poll.  That test found eliminating the word “Neither” from the “Neither/Other” response increased Trump support by between 3 to 5 percentage points on any given day leading up to the Republican convention. It also increased Clinton’s support, but by a smaller margin. spotlight.ipsos-na.com/?p=5574 Since the convention, however, Trump’s support seems to have solidified among wary supporters. Now, the “Neither” issue appears to be affecting Clinton in the survey. On Tuesday, for example, the established tracking poll had the candidates tied at 38 percent each. A 13-point lead for Clinton on July 14 had vanished in two weeks. (polling.reuters.com/#poll/TM651Y15_13/filters/PD1:1/dates/20160701-20160726/type/smallest) But eliminating “Neither” from the “Neither/Other” answer produced a different result. In that case, Clinton was ahead, 40 percent to 36 percent, on Tuesday.  When asked the question in the new way, 11 percent of voters opted for “Other.” By comparison, 14 percent opted for “Neither/Other” in the version of the survey that showed the race tied. The three-point gap suggests the “Neither” phenomenon was now working against Clinton. In the nearly five years Reuters/Ipsos has been offering the “Neither/Other” option to respondents in presidential polling, it has never yielded such a skew. The results highlight how poll designs and methodologies can yield significantly differing results, and how important differences can emerge from the way a question is framed. The Economist/YouGov poll, like the Reuters/Ipsos survey, is conducted online. It uses a similar battery of questions, but does not offer the “Neither/Other” option, just “Other.” In Economist/YouGov’s July 17 poll, Clinton was ahead by 4 percentage points among registered voters, with Trump at 41 percent. The NBC News/SurveyMonkey online poll gives three options: Clinton, Trump, or “No Answer,” which more firmly prods respondents to make a choice. In their July 17 poll, Clinton led Trump by one point, 46 to 45, among registered voters. Telephone polls tend to ask voter preference as an open-ended question, or just offer respondents the choice of the Democratic and Republican candidates. Among phone polls, such as the ABC News/Washington Post and NBC/Wall Street Journal surveys, Clinton recently led by four to five points. The CBS/New York Times telephone poll of registered voters had the race tied at 40 percent each. The Reuters/Ipsos presidential-preference poll result and other results in the survey are updated twice a week. ",1
8594,Exclusive: FBI probes hacking of Democratic congressional group - sources," SAN FRANCISCO/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The FBI is investigating a cyber attack against another U.S. Democratic Party group, which may be related to an earlier hack against the Democratic National Committee, four people familiar with the matter told Reuters.  The previously unreported incident at the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, or DCCC, and its potential ties to Russian hackers are likely to heighten accusations, so far unproven, that Moscow is trying to meddle in the U.S. presidential election campaign to help Republican nominee Donald Trump.  DON’T MISS:  Alphabet and Amazon wind up 'smokin'' quarter for big tech Why Russian pump prices rise as oil prices fall Democratic campaign group for Congress confirms computer hack The Kremlin denied involvement in the DCCC cyber-attack. Hacking of the party’s emails caused discord among Democrats at the party’s convention in Philadelphia to nominate Hillary Clinton as its presidential candidate.  The newly disclosed breach at the DCCC may have been intended to gather information about donors, rather than to steal money, the sources said on Thursday.  It was not clear what data was exposed, although donors typically submit a variety of personal information including names, email addresses and credit card details when making a contribution. It was also unclear if stolen information was used to hack into other systems.  The DCCC raises money for Democrats running for seats in the U.S. House of Representatives. The intrusion at the group could have begun as recently as June, two of the sources told Reuters.  That was when a bogus website was registered with a name closely resembling that of a main donation site connected to the DCCC. For some time, internet traffic associated with donations that was supposed to go to a company that processes campaign donations instead went to the bogus site, two sources said.  The sources said the Internet Protocol address of the spurious site resembled one used by Russian government-linked hackers suspected in the breach of the DNC, the body that sets strategy and raises money for the Democratic Party nationwide.  Cyber security experts and U.S. officials have said there was evidence that Russia engineered the DNC hack to release sensitive party emails in order to influence the U.S. presidential election.  “I have concerns that an agency of foreign intelligence is hacking and interfering with a U.S. election,” said Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta, who added he had not seen news of the DCCC attack.  Asked by Reuters to comment on whether Russia played a role in a cyber-attack on the DCCC, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said: “We don’t see the point any more in repeating yet again that this is silliness.”  The release of the DNC emails by activist group WikiLeaks caused uproar in the party because they appeared to show favoritism within the DNC for Clinton over U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, who ran a close race for the nomination for the Nov. 8 election. The committee is supposed to be neutral.  The DNC and the DCCC share the same office space on South Capitol Street in Washington.  The DCCC and donation processing company ActBlue had no comment on Thursday. CrowdStrike, the California-based cyber security firm that investigated the DNC breach, declined to comment.  Justin Harvey, chief security officer at Fidelis Cybersecurity company, said the suspect website in the hack was affiliated with others that host sophisticated malware undetected by the vast majority of antivirus providers.  “It’s really rare malware,” which would be more likely to be wielded by government hackers than ordinary criminals, he said.  Russian officials have dismissed allegations of Moscow’s involvement in hacks of U.S. political groups. “It is so absurd it borders on total stupidity,” Kremlin spokesman Peskov said on Thursday.  Some Democratic officials have accused Russia of hacking the DNC emails in order to help Trump win the race for the White House.  “It’s no coincidence someone is hacking into Democratic Party computers. It’s almost sounding like a repeat of Watergate,” Gilberto Hinojosa, the chairman of the Texas Democrats said, after Reuters reported the DCCC hacking.  “This is just the kind of dirty politics we expect from Donald Trump. I have no doubt Donald Trump is behind it,” he said, citing the businessman’s praise of Russian President Vladimir Putin and recent remarks about Russia and Clinton’s deleted emails.  Trump angered Democrats this week by inviting Russia to unearth tens of thousands of emails from rival Clinton’s tenure as U.S. secretary of state. Trump said on Thursday his comment was meant to be sarcastic.  Jim Manley, a Democratic strategist who once worked for Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid, said the possibility of the DCCC being hacked was cause for great concern.  “Until proven otherwise, I would suggest that everyone involved with the campaign committee operate under the assumption Russians have access to everything in their computer systems,” Manley said.  The Federal Bureau of Investigation referred questions about the DCCC attack to a statement it made on Monday about the DNC hack:  “The FBI is investigating a cyber intrusion involving the DNC and are working to determine the nature and scope of the matter. A compromise of this nature is something we take very seriously, and the FBI will continue to investigate and hold accountable those who pose a threat in cyberspace.”  Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said on Thursday the U.S. intelligence community was not ready to “make the call on attribution” as to who was responsible for the DNC hack.  Clapper, speaking at the Aspen Security Forum, acknowledged: “There’s just a few usual suspects out there” who might be responsible for the cyber intrusion, suggesting it was the work of a state actor rather than an independent hacking group.  Clapper said in May he was aware of attempted hacks on campaigns and related groups and he expected to see more as the November election neared. The last two U.S. presidential cycles in 2008 and 2012 witnessed a barrage of cyber attacks from a range of adversaries targeting President Barack Obama’s campaign and the campaigns of his Republican foes, officials have said.  ",1
8595,Killing TPP would hand China 'keys to the castle': U.S. trade representative,"LIMA (Reuters) - Failure to ratify the U.S.-led sweeping trade pact TPP would hand China “the keys to the castle” on globalization and do nothing to solve the real problems underlying American anxiety over jobs, the top U.S. trade official said Thursday. The tariff-slashing Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) has turned into a hot-button topic in the run-up to the Nov. 8 U.S. election, threatening to dampen support from lawmakers needed to pass a deal critics condemn as a job-killer. U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman said he was still optimistic Congress would pass the 12-member TPP, in part because China has been moving ahead with a trade deal of its own, the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP), that would boost its exports and let it set labor and environmental standards in the fast-growing Asia Pacific region. “We’re one vote away from either cementing our leadership in this region and in the global trading system or ceding it to China,” Froman told reporters in Lima after attending the inauguration of Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski.  “At the end of the day I don’t think Congress wants to be responsible for handing the keys to the castle to China.” Froman’s defense of the TPP follows weeks of heated attacks on the deal as anti-TPP chants and signs have peppered the Republican and Democratic conventions. Republican nominee Donald Trump has called the TPP a “death blow” for manufacturing jobs and his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton has firmed up her opposition to it in recent days. Froman declined to comment on the candidates but said the TPP had become a “scapegoat” for legitimate concerns over income inequality, stagnant wages and jobs lost to automation. “You don’t get to vote on the next generation of robots,” he said, “you get to vote on trade agreements”. But the debate over TPP has also helped broaden support for domestic policies, such as infrastructure development and educational programs, to help Americans adapt to rapid economic change, Froman said. U.S. President Barack Obama wants the TPP passed this year. Froman ruled out renegotiating the “carefully balanced” text, but said issues were being solved by working on country implementation plans. He cited pork producers, dairy farmers and financial services as once-reluctant stakeholders that now back the TPP. “The last major issue outstanding has to do with biologics and intellectual property rights,” Froman said. “We’re having good constructive conversations” with members of Congress. ",1
8596,"Daughter Chelsea casts Clinton as great mom, driven public servant","PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Chelsea Clinton took the stage of the Democratic National Convention on Thursday to portray her mother Hillary Clinton as a loving, smart and playful woman qualified to be elected president of the United States.   In a 12-minute introduction received warmly in a packed Philadelphia arena, Chelsea Clinton countered criticism that her mother is an untrustworthy politician who struggles to show compassion in front of American voters. “She’s a woman driven by compassion, by faith, by a fierce sense of justice and a heart full of love,” the only child of presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton and former U.S. President Bill Clinton told the crowd. Hillary Clinton took the stage minutes later to become the first woman to accept the presidential nomination of a major U.S. party.  Chelsea Clinton, a 36-year-old mother of two, was the last in a series of speakers at the four-day gathering who sought to cast Hillary Clinton in a familial light ahead of the Nov. 8 election against Republican Donald Trump. She called her mother a “wonderful, thoughtful, hilarious” person who made time during her childhood to attend dance and piano recitals, and to gaze at the sky with her to find “shapes in the clouds”. “That feeling of being valued and loved, that’s what my mom wants for every child. It is the calling of her life,” Chelsea Clinton said. President Barack Obama, first lady Michelle Obama and Vice President Joe Biden had also given speeches supporting Clinton, casting her as qualified for the Oval Office because of her experience as a former secretary of state, U.S. senator and first lady, but also because of her loyalty and passion. Chelsea Clinton, who has been in the public eye since her childhood in the White House, took a low profile after her father left office in 2001. She married investment banker Marc Mezvinsky and served as vice chair of the Clinton Foundation charity. After her mother’s presidential bid she re-entered public life to hit the campaign trail, endearing herself to supporters with stories of Clinton as a mother and grandmother to her children, Charlotte, aged 2 come September, and Aidan, born in June. Trump has also relied on his children to soften his image. His eldest daughter Ivanka spoke at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland last week, depicting the New York businessman as “color-blind and gender-neutral” to counter critics who have called his comments about immigrants and women bigoted and callous. Both candidates’ children say they are friends, a relationship they struck up before their parents launched campaigns for the White House. ",1
8597,"For inspiration, new Democratic stars look to Elizabeth Warren","PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Twelve years ago, Barack Obama’s electrifying speech at the Democratic National Convention brought tears to Andrew Gillum’s eyes. Now mayor of Tallahassee, Florida, and viewed as a rising star in that state, Gillum did not hesitate when asked to name his political role model.  “Elizabeth Warren,” he replied, referring to the firebrand U.S. senator from Massachusetts.  That the 37-year-old African-American mayor of a Southern U.S. city identifies Warren as his political lodestar speaks volumes about the Democratic Party’s progressive shift, even as Hillary Clinton officially became its presidential nominee after a quarter-century in the public eye. With the party in transition, Clinton’s 1990s-era brand of Democratic centrism is slowly being eclipsed by a wave of progressivism personified by Warren and by U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders, a rival of Clinton’s until he endorsed her this month. Although Sanders’ insurgent presidential bid fell short, leaving his supporters bitterly disappointed, a new crop of Democratic candidates seems determined to carry on his work, with Warren, 67, as their putative leader.  Like Obama in 2004, Gillum and many others at the Philadelphia convention sought to boost their profiles, raise cash and network with fellow Democrats, buoyed by the adoption of the most progressive platform in party history, with planks for debt-free college, expanded Social Security benefits and a tax on carbon emissions. Clinton, too, has moved to the left, embracing many of these causes, separating herself from a more moderate brand of Democratic politics personified by her husband, former President Bill Clinton, who was pro-free trade, friendlier to Wall Street and emphasized budget discipline.  She appealed to Sanders supporters during her speech accepting the party’s presidential nomination on Thursday, pledging to work with him on progressive issues. “Let’s go out there and make it happen together,” Clinton said.  Sarah Lloyd, 44, a congressional candidate in Wisconsin who supported Sanders, said, “There is an energy that’s coming from the folks that were brought to the process by the Sanders campaign.... That can only be a positive thing for the party.” More than Sanders, Warren has taken the lead in shaping the Democrats’ next generation. Formerly a professor of law, Warren conceived and set up the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau formed in 2011 under President Obama. She launched a political action committee to back Democratic candidates and inspired other advocacy groups, such as the Progressive Change Campaign Committee, to solicit donations to a bloc it terms the party’s “Warren wing.” A speaker at the convention, Florida’s Gillum was frustrated by Sanders because he seemed disinterested in helping other Democratic candidates, in contrast with Warren.  “Senator Sanders was content to be a movement by himself,” Gillum said. “It’s a revolution when you bring people along with you.”  Warren’s committee has donated to the campaigns of U.S. Senate hopefuls such as Kamala Harris, 51, of California, Jason Kander, 35, of Missouri, and Catherine Cortez Masto, 52, of Nevada. They and Wisconsin’s Lloyd oppose the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the global trade deal that has split the progressive and moderate elements of the party. The PCCC’s slate of “Warren wing” candidates supports a $15-an-hour minimum wage, campaign-finance reform and tighter rules for Wall Street.  One of those on the slate is Zephyr Teachout, a candidate for the U.S. House of Representatives in New York, who has campaigned in a T-shirt that reads, “I’m from the Elizabeth Warren wing of the party” and who has been endorsed by Sanders.  “There is a rising and very important populism, talking about money in politics, talking about trade, talking about economic issues,” Teachout, 44, told Reuters. “Within the party, and across the board, there has been a serious rethinking of trade, rethinking of big banks, rethinking of monopolies that have too much power.” Tulsi Gabbard, a U.S. representative from Hawaii, is often mentioned by Sanders supporters as one who could assume his mantle. A cable-news regular, Gabbard, 35, was one of a few Sanders supporters offered a convention speaking slot. Onstage she formally nominated Sanders for president, saying he had become a “voice for millions, connecting seamlessly with laborers in the Rust Belt and environmentalists in the West.” Other rising Democratic progressives frequently cited by strategists include Julian Castro, 41, the U.S. housing secretary, and his twin brother, Representative Joaquin Castro of Texas, former Ohio state senator Nina Turner, 48, U.S. Senate candidate Pramila Jayapal, 50, of Washington, and former South Carolina lawmaker Bakari Sellers, 31. Harris might be the one to shine the brightest. As California’s attorney general, Harris has been mentioned as a potential U.S. presidential candidate or U.S. Supreme Court justice should she win her Senate race in November. She enjoys the support of Warren, Obama, Vice President Joe Biden and former New York City Mayor, Michael Bloomberg, a Republican-turned-independent, suggesting she can appeal to both the party’s liberal and moderate flanks.  She joined forces with Bloomberg in his crusade for tighter gun laws, bonded with Warren over helping homeowners struggling through the foreclosure crisis of the late 2000s and joined Obama’s efforts to overhaul a criminal justice system that tends to treat black citizens more harshly than white ones. In one campaign ad, Warren is viewed saying, “Kamala Harris was fearless.” Harris, in turn, has backed Clinton. In an interview, she rejected the idea that the party is leaving Clinton behind even as it nominates her for president.  “I strongly believe that these two generations have much more in common than what separates them in terms of fundamental values,” Harris said. ",1
8598,"Among Democrats, another convention hums in Sanders fans' phones","PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - There is the Democratic convention unfolding onstage in Philadelphia this week, broadcast to millions on television. Then there is a second convention that exists largely hidden from public view in the smartphones of Bernie Sanders’ delegates. Using various messaging apps and secret Facebook groups, many of the delegates pledged to the U.S. senator and runner-up in the party’s presidential nomination contest have been coordinating among themselves in Philadelphia.  This is where they debate how to show their opposition to Hillary Clinton, who will formally accept her nomination on Thursday as the Democratic Party’s candidate for the Nov. 8 election but who is viewed by many left-leaning Sanders’ supporters as too moderate. There are arguments, flashes of paranoia and conspiracy as well. The messages often fly around too quickly to track. “It makes your head explode, all these different apps,” said Jessica Chambers, a Sanders delegate from Wyoming. She added one group using the Slack messaging app had more than 600 delegates. She poked at her iPhone, which had overheated and blacked out. The clearest sign of the networks’ power came on Tuesday evening, when at least 100 Sanders delegates quietly walked out in protest at Clinton becoming the nominee, after word of the plan spread through smartphones about an hour in advance. At the time, Chambers was sitting near her Clinton-supporting friend Shelby Read, who said she is amused by the secrecy of the Sanders crew but supportive of their dissent.  “I never know what they’re doing,” Read told her friend later. “I thought people were going out to get food.” Many of the smartphone debates revolve around the question: What Would Bernie Do? But even when Sanders himself has weighed in, sending a mass text and email to his delegates on Monday evening urging against booing and back-turning, it is not always seen as an authoritative answer.     “Ignore that message,” one skeptical recipient wrote in a message. “Bernie did not write it. Express yourselves freely.”  The dissent in Philadelphia was fueled by leaked emails last week that showed the Democratic Party leadership tried to undermine Sanders during the primary campaign. In the streets of Philadelphia, thousands of angry left-wing protesters, including Sanders supporters, have marched, with some burning flags. As hails of boos grew from the convention floor on Monday evening, despite Sanders’ call for decorum, one delegate sent a warning around: “Stop booing and ‘misrepresenting’ Bernie and the campaign,” it read. The replies bristled. “We don’t tell each other what to do,” ran one.         Secrecy is encouraged among the members of the smartphone chat groups, and so delegates who showed messages to Reuters did so on condition of anonymity. They are wary of the party or security officials thwarting their plans. The closest thing to a leadership structure is Coalition of 57, a small group of delegates that came together in the weeks before the convention. Members say they are in contact with officials in the Sanders campaign, but remain independent. Jeff Weaver, Sanders’ campaign manager, said he was not in contact with Coalition of 57, but otherwise declined to discuss the delegates’ networks.  Coalition of 57 delegates were among those who, with mixed results, sought to tamp down the boos this week, suggesting instead to withhold cheers and applause, or wordlessly hold up protest signs during certain speakers. “Let the silence be deafening,” Dani Pellett, a coalition member for the Texas delegation, said.     ",1
8599,Exclusive: Billionaire Republican donors urge Kochs to back Trump,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - A group of at least six wealthy Republican donors is urging the billionaire Koch brothers to step off the sidelines of the U.S. presidential election to back Donald Trump, arguing they will want influence with the New York businessman they have harshly criticized if he wins the White House in November. The financiers, prominent members of the sprawling 700-member Koch donor network, have been making their case in emails and phone calls to Charles and David Koch ahead of their bi-annual donor seminar, which begins Saturday in Colorado, according to four donors involved in the loosely-coordinated effort and advisers representing two others. An endorsement from the Kochs would be a radical departure: The industrialist brothers have railed against Trump’s “monstrous” rhetoric and protectionist policies on immigration and trade. They have said they will not get involved in the presidential election and will instead focus on Senate races.  All the while, Trump has blasted the donor class and vowed not to become a “puppet” of outside interests as he campaigns to win the Nov. 8 election.  But there is room for a detente.  Trump’s vice presidential running mate, Indiana Governor Mike Pence, has long been a darling of the Koch network, and Trump’s fledgling campaign finance operation could use a cash injection as it faces a $1 billion general election battle against Democratic rival Hillary Clinton. “I don’t think it’s impossible, or beyond the realm of possibility, that at some point the Kochs are going to get involved,” said Doug Deason, a member of the Koch network. Deason, who has met with Trump and his confidantes, said he and his father, the billionaire Darwin Deason, had proposed to Charles Koch in an email that he meet the Republican nominee in person. “We think it’s really important that Donald convince Charles he’s the right guy, and for Charles to influence Donald’s policies,” said Deason. Charles Koch “indicates he’s taking a wait and see approach. He’s not completely writing if off.” An adviser to another major Koch network donor added: “Some of the Koch donor class this weekend is surely going to say, ‘Hey, guys, get on board.’” A spokesperson for Trump, who is scheduled to hold two campaign events in Colorado on Friday, did not respond to a request for comment. James Davis, a spokesman for the Koch’s political operation, Freedom Partners Action Fund, declined comment. The billionaire donors eyeing Trump stress they believe it is urgent for the Koch brothers’ conservative thinking to start to influence Trump before the election while he is still fine-tuning policy and considering possible Cabinet picks. The Koch network, made up of the wealthiest conservative families in America, rivals both the Republican and Democratic parties in both its resources and scope. Membership requires a payment of at least $100,000 per year. But it is by no means a monolithic group.  At their donor summit last January in Palm Springs, California, most donors seemed vehemently opposed to Trump among the large field of other Republican options. But now that Trump has won the nomination, vanquishing 16 opponents in the primaries, some see little option but to back him. Broadcast magnate Stanley Hubbard, who had opposed Trump earlier in the year but now wants the Kochs to support him, said he was most concerned by the prospect of a Democrat nominating people to vacancies on the Supreme Court.  “A lot of us are giving a lot of money to the Kochs, and what we would expect is that they would do all they can to see to it that the right Supreme Court justices are selected,” Hubbard said. “Supreme Court justices will last a lot longer than any president.”  He said he hoped the weekend confab in Colorado would persuade the Kochs to rethink Trump.  “If nothing else, the Kochs better ask for a show of hands,” said Hubbard, “and I think most people in the room this weekend will say, ‘Yes, you need to get involved.’” ",1
8600,U.S. intelligence chief not ready to identify source of Democratic email hack,"ASPEN, Colo. (Reuters) - Director of National Intelligence James Clapper, speaking about the hack of Democratic Party emails, said on Thursday the U.S. intelligence community was not ready to “make the call on attribution” as to who was responsible. The White House said earlier the FBI had not disclosed any information about who was behind the hack. Cyber security experts and U.S. officials said on Monday there was evidence that Russia engineered the release of sensitive Democratic Party emails in order to influence the U.S. presidential election. The emails were released by the anti-secrecy group WikiLeaks on the eve of the Democratic National Convention, and appeared to show that the Democratic National Committee favored Hillary Clinton over her chief rival, U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders.  Clapper, speaking at the Aspen Security Forum, acknowledged that “there’s just a few usual suspects out there” who might be responsible for the cyber intrusion, suggesting it was the work of a nation-state rather than an independent hacking group.  “We don’t know enough to ascribe motivation,” he said. “Was this just to stir up trouble, or was this ultimately to try to influence an election? That’s a serious proposition.” Russian officials have dismissed the allegations of Moscow’s involvement. “It is so absurd it borders on total stupidity,” said Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov. “The Americans need to get to the bottom of what these emails are themselves and find out what it’s all about.” Clapper said comments by Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump questioning U.S. alliances in Europe and Asia had rattled foreign intelligence and security officials. While declining direct comment on Trump’s remarks, he said:        “Such statements, such rhetoric are very bothersome to our foreign interlocutors, our foreign partners. I hear that from counterparts, intelligence and security colleagues in many other countries. … It is a worry to them, it really is.” ",1
8601,"Russia to U.S., Trump: Sort out your own pre-election hacking scandal","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia told the United States on Thursday to get to the bottom of a hacking scandal involving Democratic Party emails itself and rejected what Donald Trump said was a sarcastic suggestion that Moscow should dig up Hillary Clinton’s “missing” emails.   Trump, the Republican Party’s presidential candidate, angered Democrats on Wednesday by inviting Russia to unearth tens of thousands of emails from rival Clinton’s tenure as U.S. secretary of state. He spoke out after President Barack Obama said it was possible Russia might try to influence the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election after a leak of Democratic National Committee emails that experts blamed on Russian hackers.  Suggestions of Russian involvement have riled the Kremlin, which has categorically denied this and accused U.S. politicians of seeking to play on Cold War-style American fears of Moscow by fabricating stories for electoral purposes. President Vladimir Putin has tried to avoid giving the impression of favoring any U.S. candidate, while hailing the populist Trump as being “very talented”. Russian state TV coverage has tended to tilt towards Trump over Clinton.    On Thursday, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said accusations of a Russian hand in hacking Democratic Party emails bordered on “total stupidity” and were motivated by anti-Russian sentiment. He rejected Trump’s apparently sarcastic suggestion for Russia to dig up Clinton’s emails point-blank. “As regards these (email) batches, that is not our headache. We never poke our noses into others’ affairs and we really don’t like it when people try to poke their nose into ours,” he said.  “The Americans need to get to the bottom of what these emails are themselves and find out what it’s all about.” Trump, who has repeatedly said he would strive for better U.S. relations with Russia if he won the presidency, also raised eyebrows by saying he would consider recognizing Ukraine’s Crimea as part of Russia, which annexed the region in 2014. Peskov said the Kremlin was unmoved by that comment, and it would not change what he says has been its neutral stance on U.S. presidential candidates. “We know perfectly well that candidates in the heat of a pre-election struggle say one thing, but that later, when under the weight of responsibility, their rhetoric becomes more balanced.” In response to Trump’s remarks on Crimea, Ukraine’s U.N. Ambassador Volodymyr Yelchenko said on Thursday: “Mr. Trump is not the president of the United States, at least not yet.” “Secondly, there are the well-known decisions of the United Nations. ... I’m pretty sure that any U.S. government will pay full respect to those decisions,” he told reporters.   In March 2014, the 193-member United Nations General Assembly adopted a resolution declaring invalid Crimea’s Moscow-backed referendum seceding from Ukraine.  Analysts say the Kremlin would welcome a Trump victory in November because the wealthy New York businessman has repeatedly praised Putin, spoken of wanting to get along with Russia, and has said he would consider an alliance with Moscow against Islamic State. Trump’s suggestion that he might abandon NATO’s pledge to automatically defend all member states is also likely to have gone down well in Moscow, where the Western military alliance is cast as an outdated Cold War relic. ",1
8602,Dispatch from inside the conventions,"(Reuters) - Delegates at both the Republican and the Democratic conventions sported outrageous outfits - but the views from their respective gatherings were a study in contrast. Republican National Convention delegates in Cleveland last week embraced a freewheeling, policy-light lineup, reveling in messages of salvation from Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s inner circle, while expressing their fears that America has become less safe.  A man wearing an orange jumpsuit and Hillary Clinton mask told Reuters he had been asked to take pictures standing next to “hundreds” of convention-goers, while “lock her up” - a cry to imprison Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton - became the crowd’s go-to chant.  A woman wearing a red cape with “TRUMP” spelled out in twinkle lights happily posed for the dozens of passersby requesting photos. The few remaining, weary Ted Cruz supporters found a rallying cry in the former Republican presidential candidate’s refusal to endorse Trump, a moment of party discord that prompted security to escort Heidi Cruz out of the convention hall and away from irate, yelling Trump supporters.  At this week’s Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia, erstwhile candidate Bernie Sanders worked to build a bridge over troubled waters (yes, Paul Simon performed the song of that name). At the end of a roll call of state delegations, he called for Clinton to be nominated by voice vote - a show of support and a bid for unity after a bitter primary campaign. The move prompted deafening cheers on the convention floor - as well as a boos from Sanders supporters, who, on occasion, could be seen angrily arguing with Clinton backers. And there were celebrities - actresses Eva Longoria, Lena Dunham, America Ferrera, Sigourney Weaver and Elizabeth Banks drew shrieks and cheers from the crowd. But Clinton’s convention was heavy on policy and calls to public service.  Former President Bill Clinton received a rock star’s welcome before ticking off a list of his wife’s civic accomplishments. First lady Michelle Obama drove some members of a rapt audience to tears when she declared, “I wake up in a house built by slaves.” Reuters photographers caught up with several convention-goers, both Republican and Democrat, and asked “If you could speak to your nominee, What would you like them to know about your hopes for the future of America?” Here are some of their responses: “Thank you for having my back,” Sharon Jackson, a delegate from Alaska at the Republican convention, said, referring to Trump. Barbara Finger, a delegate from Wisconsin at the Republican conclave, also expressed gratitude to the New York businessman. “Keep going the way you are,” she said. “Make America great again.” Lavon Bracy, a Democratic delegate from Florida, expressed her support for Clinton at her party’s convention, emphasizing the importance of unity. She said she hopes, “We can all live together in harmony and understand that we have differences and appreciate those who are different.” Democratic delegate Alvin Peters of Panama City, Florida, said he, too, hoped for brighter days. “Spread the joy,” said Peters. “Dispel the doom and gloom.”   Reuters photo slideshow: reut.rs/2aAmRRd ",1
8603,White House says no politics in U.S. cyber threat investigations,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Thursday that partisanship plays no role in how the United States counters cyber threats affecting Americans. “When it comes to our national security, we’re going to do everything we can to protect the American people without regard to which political party they belong to,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest said. He also said the FBI has not revealed any  information about who was behind the hack of Democratic Party emails. ",1
8604,Trump says was being 'sarcastic' in Russia hack comments,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Thursday tried to quell the furor over his call for Russia to find Hillary Clinton’s deleted emails, saying he was being sarcastic. In Moscow, meanwhile, a Kremlin spokesman pointedly told Washington to solve its own email problems. Trump on Wednesday invited Russia to dig up tens of thousands of “missing” emails from Clinton’s time at the U.S. State Department, prompting Democrats to accuse him of urging foreigners to spy on Americans. Later, he dismissed concerns raised by Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook that his comments raised national security concerns. “You have to be kidding. His client, his person, deleted 33,000 e-mails illegally. You look at that. And when I’m being sarcastic with something ...” Trump said in a Fox News interview broadcast on Thursday. Asked if he was indeed being sarcastic, Trump snapped, “Of course I’m being sarcastic. They don’t even know, frankly, if it’s Russia. They have no idea if it’s Russia, if it’s China, if it’s somebody else. Who knows who it is? “But you have 33,000 (Clinton) emails deleted, and the real problem is what was said on those emails from the Democratic National Committee,” he said, referring to hacked emails released last weekend by WikiLeaks. The DNC emails showed party leaders favoring Clinton over her rival in the campaign for the nomination, U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont. The committee is supposed to be neutral. Trump’s explanation echoed those of his campaign advisers and other supporters, who immediately tried to pass his comments off as tongue-in-cheek and not serious. But the exhortation for a U.S. adversary to use cyber intrusions against an American political candidate drew criticism from intelligence experts and other public figures, including some Republicans. Trump made the remark at a news conference in Miami that allowed him to steal some of the limelight from the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia, where Clinton on Thursday will accept her party’s presidential nomination for the Nov. 8 election. “Russia, if you’re listening, I hope you’re able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing,” Trump, the Republican presidential nominee, told reporters. He later said on Twitter that if anyone had Clinton’s emails, “perhaps they should share them with the FBI!” The Republican presidential nominee was referring to a private email system Clinton kept in her home in Chappaqua, New York, while secretary of state from 2009 to 2013. She handed over thousands of emails in 2015 to U.S. officials probing that system, but did not release about 30,000 deleted emails she said were personal and not work-related. Cyber security experts and U.S. officials have said there was evidence that Russia engineered the release of the sensitive Democratic Party emails to influence the election. But the Kremlin beat back those insinuations again on Thursday, saying they were driven by anti-Russian sentiment. “It is so absurd it borders on total stupidity,” said Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov. “The Americans needs to get to the bottom of what these emails are themselves and find out what it’s all about.” Although some Democrats have wondered aloud whether Trump committed a crime in his remarks directed at Russia, the prospect of any prosecution is considered nil because of the strong guarantee of speech rights in the United States. Charging Trump for his comments about Russia would “turn campaign fluff into a crime” and would be laughable, said Daniel Richman, a Columbia University law professor and former U.S.  prosecutor. ",1
8605,Hollande says will stay true to values after Trump swipe at France,"PARIS (Reuters) - President Francois Hollande on Thursday fired back at comments by U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump that “France was no longer France” after a slew of militant attacks, saying France would always stay true to its values. France is reeling from two strikes in under two weeks by attackers who had pledged allegiance to Islamic State, the first when a Tunisian plowed his truck through a crowd in Nice, the second when two men slit the throat of a priest. “France is no longer France. They won’t like me for saying that,” Trump told reporters in Miami on Wednesday. “And this world better be very careful and the better get very tough and they’ll never do it with (Democratic nominee) Hillary Clinton.” Trump’s campaign has been marked by insults and inflammatory rhetoric. He has called for tougher surveillance of mosques and warned that radical Muslims were “trying to take over our children.” Trump has rejected the criticism that his rhetoric is racist. Brushing off Trump’s words, Hollande on Thursday told reporters France would always remain true to its values and ideals. “When you stoop low you’re not true to yourself anymore, that’s something that can happen to others on the other side of the Atlantic,” Hollande said, without directly mentioning Trump.  ",1
8606,Mistrust of Clinton on trade shadows her at Democratic convention,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - When it comes to trade policy, Hillary Clinton is taking heat from all sides. At the Democratic National Convention this week, where Clinton will formally accept her party’s presidential nomination, opposition to trade deals was plastered on buttons, scrawled on signs and chanted by delegates. Many are worried by her past support of 1994 North American Free Trade Agreement and the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which is still awaiting congressional approval. Things are unlikely to get any easier for her. Clinton has said her stance on trade has evolved, that she now opposes TPP because it does not do enough to protect jobs and that she wants changes in NAFTA, the trade deal her husband, Bill Clinton, signed during his presidency. But that allows her Republican opponent, Donald Trump, to question her credibility, painting Clinton’s evolving position as a desperate attempt to catch up with his tough stance. Trump has vowed to force Canada and Mexico to renegotiate NAFTA, labeling it a job killer. The real estate developer has also said he would pull the United States out of the 12-nation TPP. Even among the Democrats there are doubts about Clinton’s resolve, particularly among supporters of her former Democratic rival, Bernie Sanders, the U.S. Senator from Vermont whose opposition to trade deals featured prominently in his speeches during the Democratic primary season. The concern about trade was on display at the convention during a speech delivered on Wednesday night by Clinton’s running mate, Tim Kaine, a U.S. senator from Virginia who once supported TPP. Delegates waved anti-TPP placards as Kaine spoke, even though he changed his position after joining Clinton’s ticket. Larry Cohen, a senior adviser to Sanders, said trade was “absolutely” a danger for Clinton in the race against Trump, saying she had to show her commitment to opposing it and not just “make pronouncements.” “The Trump campaign is smart enough that they will exploit this issue,” Cohen said. Sanders supporters have said they intend to keep fighting TPP through the November election via a new group called “Our Revolution” that is dedicated to championing issues that Sanders pushed on the campaign trail. The frustration that a post-recession recovery has failed to translate into better wages and opportunities for million of working Americans has become one of the leading themes of the 2016 presidential campaign. A Reuters/Ipsos poll taken in March showed that 65 percent of Democrats and 70 percent of Republicans believed that trade cost some U.S. jobs even though many also agreed that trade helps to keep the costs of goods low. Richard Trumka, president of the AFL-CIO labor federation, told Reuters that Clinton has told all of the major unions that endorsed her that she wanted to re-work NAFTA, echoing similar comments by Dennis Williams, president of the United Auto Workers union. Trumka said Clinton’s campaign has told him that she would take “a whole new approach” on trade and he said he was convinced that he could trust her on the issue. “She’s not giving lip service to it. She’s committed to it,” he said. Consulted about Clinton’s talks with unions regard NAFTA, a senior Mexican government official said the TPP already provided the United States with a platform to strengthen the rights of workers compared to NAFTA, although U.S. union activists say the new pact weakens rather than strengthens workers’ protection. “They have the solution in their hands, if they back it,” the official said, noting Congress had yet to ratify the TPP. The official added that it would be in Mexico’s interests to strengthen the rules of origin in TPP that determine which country a product comes from, but sometimes allow foreign components in it. He cautioned, however, that re-opening trade deals was a highly complex undertaking. Morris Fiorina, a political science professor at Stanford University, said Clinton should try to address workers’ concerns but avoid a wholesale dismissal of free trade. “Were I advising her I’d suggest she try to thread the needle - explain that free trade has great benefits for the country as a whole, but past and pending agreements do not adequately recognize and compensate the losers. She will remedy that failure,” Fiorina said. However, such nuanced approach may prove self-defeating in the light of Trump’s challenge and internal dissent. Robin Biro, a field director for the Democratic Party in Atlanta and a Clinton supporter, said TPP was a make or break issue for Clinton to attract Democrats who voted for Sanders in the primary. “She’s only going to get the support of the Bernie people if she comes out strongly on that issue,” Biro said. ",1
8607,U.S. theory on Democratic Party breach: Hackers meant to leave Russia's mark,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Some U.S. intelligence officials suspect that Russian hackers who broke into Democratic Party computers may have deliberately left digital fingerprints to show Moscow is a “cyberpower” that Washington should respect.  Three officials, all speaking on condition of anonymity, said the breaches of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) were less sophisticated than other cyber intrusions that have been traced to Russian intelligence agencies or criminals. For example, said one official, the hackers used some Cyrillic characters, worked during Russian government business hours but not on Russian religious or political holidays.”Either these guys were incredibly sloppy, in which case it’s not clear that they could have gotten as far as they did without being detected, or they wanted us to know they were Russian,” said the official. Private sector cyber security experts agreed that the evidence clearly points to Russian hackers but dismissed the idea that they intentionally left evidence of their identities. These experts - who said they have examined the breach in detail - said the Cyrillic characters were buried in metadata and in an error message. Other giveaways, such as a tainted Internet protocol address, also were difficult to find. Russian hacking campaigns have traditionally been harder to track than China’s but not impossible to decipher, private sector experts said. But the Russians have become more aggressive and easier to detect in the past two years, security experts said, especially when they are trying to move quickly. False flags have grown more common, but the government and private experts do not believe that is involved in the DNC case. The two groups of hackers involved are adept at concealing their intrusions, said Laura Galante, head of global threat intelligence at FireEye, whose Mandiant subsidiary conducted forensic analysis of the attack and corroborated the findings of another cyber company, CrowdStrike. Russian officials have dismissed the allegations of Moscow’s involvement as absurd. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, in his only response to reporters, said: “I don’t want to use four-letter words.”  While private cyber experts and the government were aware of the political party’s hacking months ago, embarrassing emails were leaked last weekend by the WikiLeaks anti-secrecy group just as the Democratic Party prepared to anoint Hillary Clinton as its presidential candidate for the Nov. 8 election. DNC chairwoman, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, resigned after the leaked emails showed party leaders favoring Clinton over her rival in the campaign for the nomination, U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont. The committee is supposed to be neutral. The U.S. intelligence officials conceded that they had  based their views on deductive reasoning and not conclusive evidence, but suggested Russia’s aim probably was much broader than simply undermining Clinton’s campaign. They said the hack fit a pattern of Russian President Vladimir Putin pushing back on what he sees as the United States and its European allies trying to weaken Russia. “Call it the cyber equivalent of buzzing NATO ships and planes using fighters with Russian flags on their tails,” said one official. Two sources familiar with Democratic Party investigations into the hacking said the private email accounts of Democratic Party officials were targeted as well as servers.  They said that the FBI had advised the DNC that it was looking into the hacking of the individual officials’ private accounts. They also said the FBI also requested additional information identifying the personal email accounts of certain party officials. The DNC hired CrowdStrike to investigate the hack. It spent  about six weeks, from late April to about June 11 or 12,  monitoring the systems and watching while the hackers - who they believed were Russian - operated inside the systems, one of the sources said. What actions, if any, the Obama administration will take are unclear and could depend on what diplomatic considerations may ultimately be involved, a former White House cyber security official said. In past cases, administration officials have decided to publicly blame North Korea and indict members of China’s military for hacking because the administration decided that the net benefit of public shaming – and increased awareness brought to cyber security – outweighed potential risks, the former official said. But “the Russia calculation is far more difficult and precarious,” the former official said. “Russia is a much more aggressive, capable foreign actor both in the traditional military sense and in the cyber realm” and that made public attribution or covert retaliation much less likely. The former official, and a source familiar with the Democratic Party investigations, said that they also were unaware of any U.S. intelligence clearly demonstrating that WikiLeaks had received the hacked materials directly from Russians or that WikiLeaks’ release of the materials was in any way directed by Russians. ",1
8608,WikiLeaks releases hacked Democratic National Committee audio files,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - WikiLeaks released files on Wednesday of what it said were audio recordings pulled from the emails of the Democratic National Committee that were obtained by hacking its servers.  The latest release, which came in the middle of the Democratic National Convention where Hillary Clinton was officially named the party’s presidential nominee, is the second batch in a series that has deeply rattled the party and prompted the organization’s chairwoman, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, to step down.  ",1
8609,"In clash of billionaires, Bloomberg calls Trump White House race 'a con'","PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - New York media mogul Michael Bloomberg assailed fellow billionaire Donald Trump on Wednesday, calling his U.S. presidential race a “con” and ripping into his history of bankruptcies and lawsuits. “Trump says he wants to run the nation like he’s running his business? God help us,” Bloomberg told the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia to roaring applause. “I’m a New Yorker and I know a con when I see one.” Formerly a Republican and now an independent, Bloomberg was for the most part greeted warmly by the audience in the Wells Fargo Center arena where he threw his support behind the Democrats’ presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton. The owner of the Bloomberg media empire and a former New York City mayor, Bloomberg was an odd choice for a speaker at the Democratic conclave, where many party progressives have railed against the influence of billionaires in politics. “Let me thank all of you for welcoming an outsider here, to deliver what will be an unconventional convention speech,” he said when he took the stage, eliciting cheers. “I am not here as a member of any party. I am here for one reason: to explain why I believe it is imperative that we elect Hillary Clinton as the next president of the United States.” Bloomberg had considered running for the White House as an independent this year but dropped the idea in March, saying it could increase the chances Trump would win. Bloomberg has known Trump casually for years and twice appeared on Trump’s reality TV show “The Apprentice.”  But since Trump entered the race for president in June 2015, Bloomberg has taken issue with him, lashing out at his policies and fiery rhetoric, especially his call to ban Muslims from entering the country and his promise to wall off the Mexican border and deport millions of undocumented foreigners. On Wednesday, he went a step further and favorably compared his own business record to Trump’s. “I’ve built a business, and I didn’t start it with a million-dollar check from my father,” Bloomberg said. Forbes lists Bloomberg, 74, as America’s sixth wealthiest American, with a fortune amounting to $47.7 billion.  Trump, 70, who often boasts about his extravagant wealth and success in the real estate business, is listed 113th with $4.5 billion, though that figure has been widely challenged. A Reuters review of Trump’s federal filings showed he had cash and other liquid investments worth between $60 million and $180 million in May, far short of the amount he would need to self-fund his campaign. ",1
8610,Trump draws ire after urging Russia to find 'missing' Clinton emails,"MIAMI/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Donald Trump on Wednesday invited Russia to dig up tens of thousands of “missing” emails from Hillary Clinton’s time at the U.S. State Department, vexing intelligence experts and prompting Democrats to accuse him of urging foreigners to spy on Americans. “Russia, if you’re listening, I hope you’re able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing,” Trump, the Republican presidential nominee, told reporters. Trump made the remark at a testy news conference at his Doral golf resort in Florida that allowed him to steal some of the limelight from the Philadelphia convention where Clinton on Thursday will accept the Democratic presidential nomination for the Nov. 8 election. The Clinton campaign shot back that Trump was posing a possible national security threat by encouraging a foreign power to conduct espionage in the United States. Some intelligence experts said the comments raised questions about Trump’s judgment. A spokesman for Trump, Jason Miller, tried to tamp down the storm of protest, saying Trump did not urge Russia to hack Clinton’s emails. Trump said on Twitter that if anyone had Clinton’s emails, “perhaps they should share them with the FBI!” The criticism of Trump’s comments reverberated at the Democratic National Convention where speakers brought up the episode to try to intensify Democratic support for Clinton, who is running neck and neck with Trump in the polls. “Donald Trump today once again took Russia’s side. He asked the Russians to interfere in American politics,” longtime Clinton supporter and former CIA Director Leon Panetta said. “Donald Trump ... is asking one of our adversaries to engage in hacking or intelligence efforts against the United States of America to affect the election.” Another speaker, retired U.S. Rear Admiral John Hutson, said of Trump: “This morning, he personally invited Russia to hack us. That’s not law and order, that’s criminal intent.” Trump was referring in his remarks to a private email system Clinton kept while secretary of state from 2009 to 2013. She handed over thousands of emails in 2015 to U.S. officials probing that system, but did not release about 30,000 emails she said were personal and not work-related. A Federal Bureau of Investigation probe of the issue found no basis for criminal charges, but FBI Director James Comey said this month there was evidence Clinton was “extremely careless” in her handling of classified information. Trump dismissed suggestions that WikiLeaks’ release of embarrassing Democratic Party emails last week was engineered by Russia to help nudge the U.S. election toward Trump, who has been called “very talented” by Russian President Vladimir Putin. “It’s just a total deflection, this whole thing with Russia,” said Trump. “I never met Putin. I don’t know who Putin is.”  The Democratic Party chairwoman, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, resigned on Sunday after the leaked emails showed party leaders favoring Clinton over her rival, U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders, for the presidential nomination. Cyber security experts and U.S. officials have said there was evidence that Russia engineered the release of the sensitive party emails in order to influence the presidential election. Throughout a day of campaigning, Trump suggested the culprit could be China or even, as he said in Scranton, Pennsylvania, “a 400-pound person lying in bed.” ‘FOUR-LETTER WORDS’ Russia has brushed aside suggestions it was involved. “I don’t want to use four-letter words,” Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov told reporters on Tuesday. Trump has alarmed European allies and many U.S. national security experts with talk of forcing NATO nations to pay more for the U.S. security umbrella. “By the way, if they don’t pay, bye bye,” he said in Toledo, Ohio, on Wednesday night. He has praised Putin in the past and said this week that if elected, he would seek an alliance with Moscow to take on Islamic State militants. But he sought to distance himself from Putin at his news conference, saying his closest interaction with Russia was selling a Florida home to a Russian for more than he paid for it. A U.S. State Department spokesman declined to comment on Trump’s remarks on Wednesday. Trump’s vice presidential running mate, Indiana Governor Mike Pence, took a different approach from the Republican nominee, saying he expected the FBI to get to the bottom of the matter. “If it is Russia, and they are interfering in our elections, I can assure you both parties and the United States government will ensure there are serious consequences,” Pence said in a statement. During the news conference, which lasted more than an hour, Trump also called Barack Obama, a Democrat, the most “ignorant” president ever and said Vice President Joe Biden was not bright. Asked if he would recognize Crimea as Russian territory, Trump said he would be “looking into that.” Crimea has long been part of Ukraine, but Russia annexed it in 2014 after pro-Russian separatists and special forces took over the region. The U.S. government considers it still part of Ukraine. ",1
8611,Activist Steyer expands agenda in bid to defeat 'dangerous' Trump,"PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Billionaire environmental activist Tom Steyer is expanding his political agenda beyond climate change to embrace issues ranging from immigration to income inequality, which he expects will be critical to mustering votes for Democrat Hillary Clinton in the November presidential election. Steyer, who four years ago left the hedge fund firm he co-founded in order to devote himself full-time to environmental activism, said he hoped the broader agenda for his NextGen Climate organization would help undermine Republican nominee Donald Trump. He derided the New York real estate magnate’s policies as “dangerous” and “delusional.”  Steyer has directed NextGen, his main advocacy arm, to delve into immigration, racial justice, wealth inequality and education instead of just environmentalism to better drive youth and minority voter turnout for the Nov. 8 election. “We’re talking about a broader group of connected issues,  and we don’t think any of them stand without the others,” Steyer told Reuters in an interview on the sidelines of the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia, explaining the shift. NextGen has already produced ads in California attacking Trump on immigration and his temperament. In one, a group of young people are filmed listening to Trump describe Mexicans as rapists and drug dealers and promising to wall off the border. In another, women look into the camera as Trump’s voice is heard calling women fat, disgusting, and ugly. Steyer said he hoped the broader agenda for NextGen would help undermine Trump. “I show him no respect,” Steyer said. A Trump spokesperson was not immediately available to comment. NextGen’s shift into new issues began a few months ago, Steyer said, and was inspired by his work on California’s progressive Fair Shake commission, launched last year by a group of high-profile activists, academics and former politicians focused on wealth inequality in the state.  “That was the genesis to some extent. It allowed us to look deeply at all the related issues,” he said.  NextGen has spent about $20 million so far on the U.S. election, and is likely to spend at least another $55 million by election day.  Steyer, who has earned a reputation as America’s most influential environmental advocate, has had mixed results in his crusade on climate change, despite the money he has poured into mobilizing voters around the issue. Steyer has battled large-scale oil industry infrastructure projects like the Keystone XL pipeline, which was rejected by the administration of President Barack Obama last year, and has sought to bolster climate-friendly politicians. In 2014, NextGen pumped around $75 million into efforts to support six climate-friendly Democratic candidates in mid-term elections, but only two of whom won their contests. In the current presidential contest, NextGen has fallen short of its aim make climate change a critical issue, eclipsed by voter rage over issues including immigration, the economy and national security.  Reuters/Ipsos polling shows only about 25 percent of likely American voters will make a choice on the basis of a candidate’s views on climate change, although most agree that the United States should act to combat it. Steyer endorsed Clinton last month after she clinched the Democratic nomination following a heated battle against Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont. Clinton has said she would seek to advance renewable energy use, boost regulation and reduce U.S. consumption of oil and coal if elected.  “I can take them at their word that they are going to prioritize this,” Steyer said. Trump has called climate change a hoax and has vowed to cut U.S. environmental regulation to expand U.S. drilling and coal mining, part of his bid to win over blue collar voters. Steyer called that position dangerous.  “It would be funny if it weren’t so serious,” he said. ",1
8612,Senior U.S. lawmakers want information on DNC hack declassified,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top Democrats on the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives intelligence committees called on Wednesday for the White House to consider declassifying and releasing any intelligence community assessments of the hack into the Democratic National Committee email system. Experts have attributed the breach to Russian hackers. “Given the grave nature of this breach and the fact that it may ultimately be found to be a state-sponsored attempt to manipulate our presidential election, we believe a heightened measure of transparency is warranted,” Senator Dianne Feinstein and Representative Adam Schiff wrote in a letter to President Barack Obama. Obama said in an interview broadcast by NBC News on Tuesday that the Federal Bureau of Investigation was investigating the leak of more than 19,000 DNC emails, which showed the committee had favored Hillary Clinton over Bernie Sanders for the party’s presidential nomination. ",1
8613,"WTO chief won't debate Trump, but rallies support for trade","GENEVA (Reuters) - The head of the World Trade Organization said on Wednesday he would not get into an argument with U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump, who has described the global trade body as a “disaster” and threatened to quit it. But WTO Director General Roberto Azevedo told a news conference he thought the arguments in favor of global trade needed to be put more forcefully. He said he had warned before Britain’s referendum last month of the risks of leaving the European Union, saying it would require years of complex trade talks to complete, but “sometimes people don’t want to hear the arguments”.  Appearing on NBC’s “Meet the Press” on July 24, Trump said U.S. companies that move production to Mexico should be taxed and shrugged off suggestions this would break WTO rules. “We’re going to renegotiate or we’re going to pull out,” he said. “We think trade is so obviously positive for every economy that it’s like trying to argue with a friend that he needs to breathe,” Azevedo said, adding: “I don’t think we do enough in making the case for trade.” Azevedo, who said earlier on Wednesday that he would seek a second four-year term as the head of the WTO, said he was impressed by the number of people who had responded to Trump by speaking up for trade, “sometimes from unexpected quarters”. He declined to comment on what would happen if the United States did withdraw from the 21-year-old trading club, which now boasts 163 members and governs the vast majority of global commerce through a system of mutually agreed rules. Under President Barack Obama, the WTO has been an important arena for the United States to defend its commercial interests against China, India and other major trading powers.  A debate over trade also raged before Britain’s June 23 referendum on leaving the European Union. Britain voted in favor of Brexit despite warnings from Azevedo and others about the risks, and the country now faces years of protracted and complex trade talks to try to extricate itself from the EU. Asked how to improve the quality of debate and help voters understand the issues, Azevedo said people sometimes make decisions “on a basis of things that is completely foreign to the rationale of the issue that you are discussing. It has nothing to do with how trade helps or does not help”. ",1
8614,Mike Pence warns of 'consequences' if Russia hacked emails,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican vice presidential candidate Mike Pence on Wednesday vowed there would be “serious consequences” if the FBI determines Russia is behind recent hacking attempt and is meddling in the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election. “If it is Russia and they are interfering in our elections, I can assure you both parties and the United States government will ensure there are serious consequences,” the Indiana governor and Donald Trump’s running mate said in a statement. Pence’s comments come as the FBI is investigating the release of sensitive Democratic Party emails. He spoke moments after Trump told reporters that it’s “far-fetched” to think Russia hacked Democrats to help him. ",1
8615,"No plans to release tax returns as pressure mounts, Trump aide says","(Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump “will not be releasing” his tax returns due to a federal audit, his campaign manager said on Wednesday, despite pressure to release them and provide a window into his finances before the Nov. 8 election. “Mr. Trump has said that his taxes are under audit, and he will not be releasing them,” campaign manager Paul Manafort said in an interview with CBS on Wednesday. “That issue will be dealt with when the audits are done.” His Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton, has released tax returns and called on Trump to put out his. Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican nominee, has called it “disqualifying” for a party’s White House nominee not to make tax returns public.  Trump has come under new pressure to release financial information and show whether he has any ties to Russia. That came after U.S. officials this week said there was evidence that Russia was involved in the recent release of sensitive Democratic Party emails, potentially to influence the U.S. election. Trump has often praised Russian President Vladimir Putin as a “strong leader,” but on Tuesday he said it was “crazy” for Democrats to suggest Russia would try to help his election bid. “For the record, I have ZERO investments in Russia,” Trump wrote on Twitter. Manafort said on CBS on Wednesday that Trump’s hesitance to release his tax returns has nothing to do with Russia. Asked to clarify that Trump has no financial relationships with any Russian oligarchs, Manafort responded, “That’s what he said. ... That’s obviously what our position is.” ",1
8616,Make Hillary Likable Again: Democrats seek to recast Clinton,"PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - When Hillary Clinton first ran for president in 2008 she was badly stung by a backhanded compliment from rival Barack Obama, who called her “likable enough” before going on to win the Democratic nomination and the White House. Eight years later, with her party’s nomination to succeed Obama firmly in hand, the question of her likability, trustworthiness and honesty still hangs over her bid to become America’s first woman president, this time in a Nov. 8 election against Republican Donald Trump. The Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia this week is, in part, an effort to reintroduce her to American voters, more than half of whom view her unfavorably, according to Reuters/Ipsos polling. The criticisms have dogged her for years: She can appear stiff in front of crowds, struggling to show off the compassion her supporters say she shares in private and leaving some voters with the impression she is not giving straight answers to tough questions. Clinton recognizes the problem, aides say. “She knows that she has work to do to earn people’s trust,” said Jennifer Palmieri, Clinton’s communications director. “She also realizes there aren’t some magic words you can say to earn that trust overnight.” Speaker after speaker at the convention took the stage on Monday and Tuesday to offer testimonials on her behalf, including her husband, former President Bill Clinton, who filled his prime-time speech on Tuesday with anecdotes and private moments shared by America’s best-known political couple. Gay basketball player Jason Collins told of the support she offered when he went public with his homosexuality; a grandmother described how her daughter’s battle with drug addiction inspired Clinton to address the drug crisis. A parade of others offered behind-the-scenes glimpses of the former first lady, U.S. senator and secretary of state, describing how she drove through a blizzard to attend a funeral, planned birthday parties and visited survivors of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.  Clinton’s personal image, which has fluctuated during her 25 years in the public eye, slumped after a divisive Democratic primary, a lingering controversy over her use of a private email system while serving as the top U.S. diplomat, and repeated Republican attacks on “crooked Hillary.” Reuters/Ipsos polling showed 55 percent of Americans had an unfavorable view of Clinton. Trump is even less popular, with 61 percent holding an unfavorable view. Many Americans think both candidates struggle with the truth. Some 59 percent of Americans believe she is not “honest and truthful,” while 53 percent think the same of Trump, according to the poll. Republican strategist John Feehery said it was too late to rehabilitate Clinton’s image. “You only get one decade to make a first impression,” he said.  Instead, a  better strategy would be to focus on tearing down Trump, given that his negatives surpass her own, Feehery added. Clinton’s campaign appears to be trying just that, running an ad in which Trump can be seen in newsclips, as children watch, swearing, condemning Mexican immigrants as rapists and drug dealers, and mocking a disabled journalist. Clinton, 68, has been a lightning rod for conservative attacks for more than two decades and Republicans serenaded speakers at their convention in Cleveland last week with chants of “Lock Her Up” and signs touting “Hillary for Prison.”  For many Democrats who back Clinton, the poor polling numbers are the result of those relentless attacks - along with a strong dose of sexism toward a woman seeking power. “If you have somebody who is out there pounding you and pounding you and pounding you, eventually it’s going to take a toll,” Richard Trumka, head of the AFL-CIO labor federation, said. “I’ve said this and I’ve said it publicly: Hillary Clinton has to do A+ work to get a C-.” For Democrats, this week affords perhaps their best chance before the election to fortify her against inevitable attacks by Trump that could further dent her image. Praise came from invitees ranging from party superstars (First Lady Michelle Obama) to unknowns (former White House interns).    In one video broadcast to delegates, Clinton embraces and comforts an 11-year-old girl who fears her parents will be deported. In another, shown before the appearance of the Mothers of the Movement - mothers who lost children to gun violence or in police-involved incidents - she encourages them in a private meeting to band together and speak out. “A 30-minute meeting turned into two hours because she listened to us. Nobody else listened to us,” said Sybrina Fulton, mother of Trayvon Martin, a 17-year-old whose fatal shooting death by a neighborhood watch volunteer in 2012 launched a series of protests around the country. Actress Eva Longoria said it was time for Democrats to rally to Clinton’s defense. “She’s had a 25-year smear campaign run against her. It’s understandable Americans are confused about what is true and what is not,” she told a women’s delegate caucus on Tuesday. ",1
8617,Kremlin says allegations it hacked U.S. Democratic Party 'made-up horror stories',"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin on Wednesday dismissed allegations Russia had hacked Democratic Party emails as “horror stories” dreamt up by U.S. politicians, saying it never interfered in other countries’ election campaigns. “Moscow is at pains to avoid any words that could be interpreted as direct or indirect interference in the election process,” Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told a conference call with reporters. “... We see that the Russian card is in the red corner on the writing table of all Washington politicians during the election campaign, and that very often they make it a trump card in their game.” Peskov was responding after U.S. President Barack Obama in an interview with NBC News said it was possible Russia would try to influence the U.S. presidential election after a leak of Democratic National Committee emails that experts have blamed on Russian hackers. “This reminds me of a company where they tell each other horror stories and then start being frightened of their own stories,” said Peskov. The Kremlin on Tuesday said unidentified individuals in the United States were trying to cynically exploit fear of Russia for electoral purposes.      ",1
8618,Bill Clinton portrays Hillary as 'change-maker' in speech to Democrats,"PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Former President Bill Clinton portrayed his wife Hillary on Tuesday as a dynamic force for change and a longtime fighter for social justice as he made a case for her historic 2016 bid for the White House.      The ex-president told the Democratic Party convention in Philadelphia that Hillary Clinton was “a natural leader” with an in-built sense of responsibility. “Hillary is uniquely qualified to seize the opportunities and reduce the risks we face, and she is still the best darn change-maker I have ever known,” he said. Earlier in the day, Hillary Clinton secured the Democratic Party’s nomination for the Nov. 8 election, coming back from a stinging 2008 defeat in her first White House run and surviving a bitter primary fight to become the first woman to head the ticket of a major party in U.S. history. Bill Clinton told the convention in a keynote speech that Hillary had been an activist for social justice since the couple’s early days as law students together. He told how she gave legal aid services to poor people and went undercover to expose a segregationist school in Alabama in the 1970s.   After a tough battle with U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders during the state-by-state nominating contests, Clinton is now the party’s standard-bearer against Republican nominee Donald Trump.  Bill Clinton said Republicans led by Trump had made Hillary out to be “a cartoon” but the real thing was nothing like the their portrayal of her.      “They’re running against a cartoon. Cartoons are two-dimensional, they’re easy to absorb. Life in the real world is complicated and real change is hard, and a lot of people even think it’s boring,” he said. Then speaking directly to the crowd, he said to cheers and applause: “Good for you because earlier today you nominated the real one.”     President from 1993 to 2001, Bill Clinton, 69, left office with high approval ratings and is known as one of the most powerful political orators in the country. His speech offered an unusual twist to the warm spousal endorsement of a presidential candidate traditionally given in party conventions by a wife, not a man - let alone a former president of the United States. Hillary Clinton’s nomination was a milestone in America’s 240-year-old history. U.S. women got the right to vote in 1920 after ratification of the 19th Amendment to the Constitution.  Supporters of Hillary Clinton say her Washington credentials show she has the experience needed for the White House during troubled times as the United States tries to speed up its economic recovery and faces security challenges abroad. Detractors view her as too cozy with the establishment and say she carries political baggage dating back to the start of Bill Clinton’s first White House term in the 1990s. ",1
8619,"Trump, Pence master delicate art of dancing together on campaign trail","MIAMI (Reuters) - Donald Trump was in the middle of creating another nickname for Democratic rival Hillary Clinton - “Hillary Rotten Clinton!” - when he suddenly thought of his mild-mannered vice presidential running mate, Mike Pence. “You think Mike Pence would say this?” he smiled to the audience in Roanoke, Virginia. “What a high-quality person.” On their first campaign swing together this week, Trump and Pence are giving voters an initial look at their odd-couple pairing as they prepare to battle against Clinton and her running mate, Tim Kaine, the Virginia governor, in the Nov. 8 presidential election. Their public routine is a work in progress, but it’s clear that they’ve learned from their first joint appearance, a sometimes awkward interview on CBS’s “60 Minutes.” In that session, Trump frequently talked over Pence and Pence went out of his way to wave off his differences with Trump on policies like his past support for the North American Free Trade Agreement, which Trump wants to renegotiate. They now have a system: When they campaign together, Pence introduces Trump enthusiastically as the modern-day equivalent of 1980s Republican President Ronald Reagan and speaks of himself as the son of a combat veteran and the father of a U.S. Marine. Then he steps aside. The Trump-Pence union was a political marriage of necessity. The combustible, free-wheeling Trump needed the staid, staunchly conservative Pence, the governor of Indiana, to give him some credibility with establishment Republicans and a boost in the Midwest. The risks for Pence seem minimal and the upsides are huge. He opted out of the 2016 Republican presidential sweepstakes in the fallout over his fight over a religious freedom law in Indiana that critics said was anti-gay, and he faced a potentially difficult re-election race for governor. With his experience as a former member of Congress, he could serve as a conduit to lawmakers in a Trump administration, something that could be important for a presidential candidate who has never held elective office. In the two weeks since he was named Trump’s running mate, Pence has become a lightning rod for criticism from Democrats who portray him as holding extreme right-wing views. Clinton’s campaign chairman, John Podesta, described Pence as “an incredibly divisive and unpopular running mate known for supporting discriminatory politics and failed economic policies that favor millionaires and corporations over working families.” Pence seems to be still getting accustomed to Trump’s worldview. While introducing Trump in Roanoke on Monday, he hewed closely to the establishment Republican position in criticizing Clinton for not doing more to ensure that a contingent of U.S. troops was left in Iraq after a U.S.-Iraqi agreement expired. “Remember, it was Hillary Clinton who squandered the gains that were made at the close of our presence in Iraq, the failure in judgment that sent ISIS on the loose,” Pence said in Roanoke, using an acronym for the Islamic State militant group. That was at odds with Trump’s view that the American invasion of Iraq was wrong. “I didn’t want to go to Iraq,” Trump said moments after Pence spoke. Still, Pence’s loyalty to Trump seems absolute.  In his speech introducing Trump at their appearance before the Veterans of Foreign Wars convention in Charlotte, North Carolina, on Tuesday, Pence tried to show what Trump is like behind all the bluster. “I know this man’s heart,” Pence said. “I know the way he speaks, when the cameras are off.” Trump chose Pence over former House of Representatives Speaker Newt Gingrich and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, the two other finalists. Although Republican elites have been divided over Trump’s presidential bid, many approve his choice in a No. 2. “Mike Pence is a good man. He will add value to the ticket,” tweeted Jeb Bush, the former Florida governor and one of Trump’s former rivals for the nomination. Gingrich said via email that Pence is proving to be “a good balance for Trump’s powerful personality.”  Trump himself jokingly brought up the vetting process that led him to Pence, describing a candidate who was squeaky clean compared to others whose background checks turned up “many pages” of materials. “With Mike, they came back with like nothing. He’s the most perfect human being, this guy. I love him. Where is he? I love him,” Trump said. ",1
8620,Obama says it is possible Russia would try to sway U.S. election,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama said it was possible that Russia  would try to influence the U.S. presidential election, after a leak of Democratic National Committee emails that experts have attributed to Russian hackers. “Anything is possible,” Obama told NBC News in an interview broadcast on Tuesday when asked if the Russians would try to influence the Nov. 8 election. Obama said the Federal Bureau of Investigation was investigating the leak on Friday of more than 19,000 DNC emails, which showed the committee had favored Hillary Clinton over  Senator Bernie Sanders for the party’s presidential nomination. “I know that experts have attributed this to the Russians,” Obama said. “What we do know is that the Russians hack our systems, not just government systems but private systems,” he said. The email leak forced Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida to resign as chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee. Clinton, who received the Democratic nomination on Tuesday at the party’s convention in Philadelphia, will face Republican Donald Trump in the election. “What the motives were in terms of the leaks, all that, I can’t say directly. What I do know is that Donald Trump has repeatedly expressed admiration for Vladimir Putin,” Obama  said. Trump has often praised Putin, calling him a “strong leader.” The New York businessman also told the New York Times last week that with him in the White House, NATO might not automatically defend the Baltic states that were once part of the Russian-led Soviet Union. “I think that Trump has gotten pretty favorable coverage back in Russia,” Obama said. ",1
8621,UAW chief says Clinton told him she would renegotiate NAFTA,"(Reuters) - United Auto Workers President Dennis Williams said on Tuesday that Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has assured him she would renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement if she is elected president. Williams’ comments come as Clinton is under pressure on international trade deals from Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and supporters of her former Democratic rival Bernie Sanders. Clinton has previously said she wanted to rework NAFTA. Her campaign on Tuesday declined to comment on the meeting with Williams. Williams said he met with Clinton one-on-one prior to the union’s endorsement of her in May, when Sanders was still in the race to be the Democratic party’s nominee. The UAW has more than 400,000 members.  “She’s committed to me that not only would (she) dig into NAFTA but she made every indication that she would sit down and try to redo NAFTA,” Williams told reporters during a telephone press conference from Philadelphia, where he is attending the Democratic National Convention. Williams said Clinton “recognizes that NAFTA was not the success that it was supposed to be,” when her husband, Bill Clinton, pushed for it as president two decades ago. Stephen Miller, senior policy adviser to the Trump campaign, said Hillary Clinton “will never renegotiate Bill Clinton’s NAFTA.” The Trump campaign adviser said, “You can be certain when she was personally getting paid millions and millions by Wall Street and big banks to deliver secret speeches she wasn’t breathing a word against globalist trade pacts.”  NAFTA, which eliminated most tariffs on trade between the United States, Mexico and Canada, was promoted as a way to support economic growth by eliminating barriers to trade. Opponents say it has robbed Americans of jobs because it makes it easy for U.S. companies to move operations to Mexico where wages are much lower.   Williams said he hopes that an updated treaty would help foster stronger worker unions in Mexico, where many auto manufacturers have factories. “She told us all that,” AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka said in an interview, referring to Clinton’s assurances to labor unions that she would rework NAFTA. The AFL-CIO, a federation of unions which includes the UAW,  stayed neutral during the Democratic primary but endorsed Clinton in June once it was clear she would become the party’s nominee. The UAW endorsed Clinton in May. Williams said that support among UAW members for a Trump presidency has fallen to about 19 percent from 28 percent last year, before Trump said that new automotive industry jobs could be placed in states without strong union support at lower wages than those earned by UAW members. ",1
8622,Democrats beat Republicans in first night TV convention audience,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Democrats beat Republicans in U.S. television ratings, according to Nielsen data released on Tuesday for the first night of the Democratic National Convention. An estimated 26 million people watched Monday evening  between 10 p.m. to 11:30 p.m. Eastern time, when first lady Michelle Obama and Senator Bernie Sanders were among the key speakers, Nielsen said. The data represents people watching across seven broadcast and cable TV networks.  The total is about three million more TV eyes than for the first night of the Republican convention last week when White House contender Donald Trump’s wife Melania was the keynote speaker. All in all, some 23 million Americans watched the first night of the Republican convention last week - in line with the audience for the 2012 gathering. Trump’s big acceptance speech on Thursday night last week, however, failed to deliver the record audiences many TV executives had been expecting. In 2012, the Democratic convention generally drew more nightly TV viewers than the Republican gathering, when Mitt Romney was running for the White House. ",1
8623,U.S. expands Central American refugee screening program,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Obama administration announced a broad expansion on Tuesday of a program to let people fleeing violence in El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras enter the United States as refugees, and said Costa Rica agreed to temporarily shelter some of those with no other recourse. Under the plan, Costa Rica will host up to 200 applicants at a time deemed too vulnerable to remain in their homelands while the U.S. Department of Homeland Security evaluates them for possible resettlement, which could take up to six months. The United States will also expand a program for child refugees and allow some people to apply for refugee status in their home countries. The steps, after months of criticism of President Barack Obama’s handling of the crisis, are modest in comparison to plans announced by Secretary of State John Kerry in January to open several refugee processing centers in the region. “Our current efforts to date have been insufficient to address the number of people who may have legitimate refugee claims,” Amy Pope, deputy homeland security adviser at Obama’s National Security Council, told a telephone briefing for reporters. Many details, including how the program would be financed or how many people might be eligible, were unavailable. Advocates said they were pleased the administration was  moving to provide the migrants, especially children, with an alternative to staying home with their lives at risk or relying on smugglers for the dangerous journey through Mexico. “It’s really the way the program should have been established from the start, but even belatedly we’re happy to see that this is the direction that they’re taking it,” said Bill Frelick, director of the refugee rights program at Human Rights Watch. Since October, nearly 80,000 children and families from the three countries have been apprehended at the U.S. border with Mexico. The crisis has fueled heated debate on the campaign trail over whether to welcome migrants fleeing violence or build a wall to keep them out, a centerpiece of Republican Donald Trump’s run for president. Republican Representative Bob Goodlatte, chairman of the House of Representatives Judiciary Committee, called the plan an abuse of the law. “Today’s expansion of the Obama Administration’s policy is simply a continuation of the government-sanctioned border surge,” he said in a statement. The program also met resistance in the region. Guatemalan government officials rejected the description of those seeking to leave the country as refugees. The administration also will expand its Central American Minors program, which allows those under 21 with a parent in the United States legally to seek refugee status. The program will now allow siblings, care givers or another parent to do so. Only 267 minors have entered the United States since the program began in December 2014. Deputy Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security Alejandro Mayorkas said 2,880 applicants have been approved and are awaiting resettlement. The New York Times reported in January that the United States planned to admit up to 9,000 Central American refugees. Costa Rican Minister of the Presidency Sergio Alfaro told a news conference in San Jose the government reserved the “explicit right” to ask for more information if there were doubts about those granted the six-month humanitarian visas. Carlos Maldonado of the U.N. refugee agency (UNHCR) said the UNHCR and International Organization for Migration would handle costs incurred as applicants were processed in Costa Rica. If approved, they would most likely head to the United States, but could go to Canada, Sweden, Argentina, Brazil, Chile or Uruguay. Convincing countries to host a center has been difficult amid concern slow processing would lead to a backlog of people with nowhere to go, U.S. sources said. Nearly 8,000 Cubans migrating to the United States were stuck in Costa Rica recently when neighboring Nicaragua closed its border. Costa Rica’s location is also a challenge. Salvadorans, Hondurans and Guatemalans seeking to move to the United States must travel south, across Nicaragua, to get there. ",1
8624,Kremlin says idea it hacked U.S. Democratic Party emails absurd,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin dismissed as absurd on Tuesday allegations it was behind the hacking of U.S. Democratic Party emails, saying unidentified individuals were trying to cynically exploit fear of Russia for electoral purposes. It responded after cyber security experts and U.S. officials said there was evidence Russia had engineered the release of sensitive Democratic Party emails in order to influence the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election. The emails, released by activist group WikiLeaks at the weekend, appeared to show favouritism within the Democratic National Committee (DNC) for Hillary Clinton and prompted the resignation of DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz. President Vladimir Putin has tried to avoid giving the impression he favours any U.S. candidate, but has hailed Republican Party nominee Donald Trump as being “very talented”. Russian state TV, which hews closely to the Kremlin’s world view, has left little doubt however that Moscow would prefer Trump. It casts Clinton, whom Putin accused of stirring up protests against him in her role as U.S. Secretary of State in 2011, as a warmonger. “We are again seeing these maniacal attempts to exploit the Russian theme in the U.S. election campaign,” Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters when asked about the leaked emails.  “This is not breaking new ground, this is an old trick which is being played again. This is not good for our bilateral relations, but we understand that we simply have to get through this unpleasant period.” U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said earlier on Tuesday he had raised the hacking issue at a meeting in Laos with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov.  “I don’t want to use four-letter words,” was Lavrov’s only  response to reporters when asked whether Russia was responsible for the email hack. Earlier this month, Carter Page, a foreign policy adviser to Trump, visited Moscow, where he gave a lecture complaining that Western governments had often had a hypocritical focus on democratisation in the post-Soviet world. Analysts say the Kremlin would welcome a Trump win because the billionaire U.S. businessman has repeatedly praised Putin, spoken of wanting to get along with Russia, and has said he would consider an alliance with Moscow against Islamic State.  Trump’s suggestion he might abandon NATO’s pledge to automatically defend all alliance members is also likely to have gone down well in Moscow, where the military alliance is cast as an outdated Cold War relic. ",1
8625,Trump edges ahead of Clinton in U.S. presidential race: Reuters/Ipsos poll," NEW YORK (Reuters) - Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump posted a two-point lead over his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton, according to a Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll released on Tuesday, the first time he has been ahead since early May.  Trump’s gains came as he accepted his party’s nomination to the Nov. 8 ballot at the four-day Republican National Convention in Cleveland last week, and as Clinton’s nomination in Philadelphia this week was marred by party divisions and the resignation of a top party official.  MORE FROM REUTERS:  Musk sees 'modest' capital raise for Tesla's next strategic turn Clinton makes history with Democratic nomination for president Breakingviews: Hillary Clinton’s one percent dilemma gets more awkward The July 22-26 poll found that 39 percent of likely voters supported Trump, 37 percent supported Clinton and 24 percent would vote for neither. The poll had a credibility interval of 4 percentage points, meaning that the two candidates should be considered about even in support.  Clinton held a three-point lead on Friday, which was also within the credibility interval.  Clinton has solidly led Trump in the poll throughout most of the 2016 presidential race. The only times that Trump has matched her level of support were when the Republican Party appeared to be roughly aligned with his campaign.  In early May, Trump briefly pulled even with Clinton after his remaining rivals for the party nomination dropped out of the running. He held a 0.3 percentage point lead over Clinton on May 9, the last time he was nominally ahead.  Trump fell back in the poll as he feuded with party bosses over comments he made about Hispanics, Muslims and immigrants, but he rebounded this month as his candidacy took the national spotlight at the Cleveland convention.  The Democratic party is hoping for a similar boost during its convention this week in Philadelphia, but the confab had a rough start: the Wikileaks website released emails on Friday that enraged many voters who had supported Clinton’s rival for the nomination, Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, showing that party officials had looked for ways to undermine his candidacy.  The chair of the Democratic National Committee, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, announced her resignation afterward.  On Monday, some speakers at the Democratic convention were booed by Sanders supporters, and hundreds of protesters took to the streets to protest Clinton’s candidacy.  Presidential candidates usually get a boost in popularity following their party conventions.  In 2012, Republican nominee Mitt Romney jumped by 5 percentage points to pull about even with President Barack Obama after the Republican convention. After the Democrats held their convention, Obama then rose by a few percentage points and again pulled ahead.  The Reuters/Ipsos poll was conducted online in English with about 962 likely voters.  ",1
8626,U.S. opens door to a change in blood donation policy for gay men,"(Reuters) - The U.S. Food and Drug Administration opened the door on Tuesday to a change in its blood donor deferral recommendations, which currently prohibit donations from gay men for a year following their last sexual encounter in order to reduce the risk of transmitting HIV, the virus that causes AIDS. In December the FDA overturned a 30-year ban on all blood donations from men who have sex with men, saying the change was based on science showing an indefinite ban was not necessary to prevent transmission of the human immunodeficiency virus. The FDA is now signaling it may go further. Gay rights advocates say the latest update did not go far enough and that the agency’s recommendations should move closer to individual risk assessments, which could, for example, look at whether an individual has been in a monogamous relationship. Their criticism intensified in the wake of a mass shooting at a gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida, in June, which saw many gay men unable to donate blood even as blood banks put out calls for donors. In a notice posted to the Federal Register, the FDA said it was establishing a public docket for comment about its current recommendations and that interested people should submit comments, backed by scientific evidence, supporting alternative potential policies to reduce the risk of HIV transmission.  Such suggestions “could include the feasibility of moving from the existing time-based deferrals related to risk behaviors to alternate deferral options, such as the use of individual risk assessments.” The agency said it would take the comments into account “as it continues to reevaluate and update blood donor deferral policies as new scientific information becomes available.” The FDA’s action comes after 115 members of the U.S. House of Representatives, led by Democrat Mike Quigley, vice chair of the Congressional LGBT Equality Caucus, wrote to FDA Commissioner Robert Califf calling on him to end the current policy, saying it discriminated against men who have sex with men. A similar letter was signed by 22 senators. In a statement on Tuesday, Quigley said he was “encouraged” by the FDA’s announcement. “The tragedy at Pulse nightclub in Orlando highlighted the discrimination gay and bisexual men face when attempting to donate blood to those in need,” he said. “Moving towards an individual risk assessment would provide for a fair, equitable, nondiscriminatory blood donation policy, one based in science that allows all healthy Americans to safely donate blood.” ",1
8627,Trump pledges reforms at Veterans Administration if elected,"CHARLOTTE, N.C. (Reuters) - Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump sought to turn a scandal involving the Veterans Administration to his political advantage on Tuesday, pledging to war veterans that he would clean up a mess he blamed on Washington politicians. “Our debt to you is eternal,” Trump told a gathering of the Veterans of Foreign Wars in Charlotte, North Carolina. “Yet our politicians have totally failed you.” The 2014 VA scandal revolved around long wait times for patients and other negligent activities. Trump spoke shortly after the crowd heard from Bob McDonald, President Barack Obama’s secretary of Veterans Affairs. The scandal fits in with Trump’s effort to portray himself as a political outsider dedicated to fixing the problems left by Washington special interests. “The VA scandals that have occurred are widespread and totally inexcusable,” he said. Trump is on his first campaign swing with his vice presidential running mate, Indiana Governor Mike Pence, after they were nominated last week at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland. They made two stops in North Carolina, a state that could be crucial to their chances in the Nov. 8 election. The New York real estate developer pledged to set up a White House hot line for a ranking official to keep track of reform efforts in the VA to ensure they are carried out. If a problem cannot get solved, he said, “I will pick up the phone personally and get it completed and get it taken care of.” ",1
8628,"Orban says Trump's migration, foreign policy plans 'vital' for Hungary","BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban on Tuesday said the migration and foreign policy plans of U.S. Republican Presidential candidate Donald Trump were “vital” for Hungary, whereas those of rival Democrat Hillary Clinton were “deadly”.  The outspoken conservative leader Orban is the first European head of state to express a clear preference for either of the two candidates, who will face each other in elections in November 2016. Orban has in the past upset fellow members of the European Union over policy, most recently with his tough stance on Europe’s migrant crisis, objecting to EU resettlement plans and having a fence built along Hungary’s southern border.  Orban said the U.S. Democrats supported migration as well as what he described as “democracy export”, while Hungary - like Trump - opposed both, “making it clear where Hungary’s interests lie.” “The Democrats’ foreign policy is bad for Europe, and deadly for Hungary,” he said. “The migration and foreign policy advocated by the Republican candidate, Mr Trump, is good for Europe and vital for Hungary.” Orban had on Saturday called Trump’s security policies “valiant.” His remarks came after Trump raised ire for telling the New York Times last week that he would tie any U.S. military help to NATO allies to conditions in the event of a Russian attack. Clinton’s campaign struggles to contain the political fallout from a leak of thousands of emails in a hacker attack that they said were designed to help Trump. Experts and U.S. officials say the attack came from Russia. Both Moscow and the Trump campaign have said those claims were “absurd”. Orban’s government has unnerved some partners with its close ties to Russia. It secured large business deals with Moscow, such as the construction of a big new nuclear power plant, and criticized the European Union’s embargo on Russia. “Hungary’s foreign policy has borne an eerie resemblance to Russian diplomatic interests in recent years, and indeed has been little short of an extended arm of the Russian government in foreign policy matters,” Political Capital analyst Peter Kreko said. “I don’t think Putin is behind the budding relationship between Trump and Orban but both are interested in improving Russian ties so theirs is an alliance of interests.” ",1
8629,"Behind Democrats' email leak, U.S. experts see a Russian subplot","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - If the Russian government is behind the theft and release of embarrassing emails from the Democratic Party, as U.S. officials have suggested, it may reflect less a love of Donald Trump or enmity for Hillary Clinton than a desire to discredit the U.S. political system. A U.S. official who is taking part in the investigation said that intelligence collected on the hacking of Democratic National Committee (DNC) emails released by Wikileaks on Friday “indicates beyond a reasonable doubt that it originated in Russia.” The timing on the eve of Clinton’s formal nomination this week for the Nov. 8 presidential election has raised questions about whether Russia may have been trying to hurt her, to help Trump, her Republican rival, or to fan populist sentiment against establishment politicians as it has sought to do across Europe in recent years. “Certainly Russia has become a master at manipulating information for their strategic goals: Witness the information bubble they have created for their threatening behavior in the Crimea, the Ukraine and elsewhere,” said former CIA and National Security Agency director Michael Hayden. “A step like this, however, would be really upping their game.” The emails showed that DNC officials explored ways to undermine U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders’ presidential campaign against Clinton and raised questions about whether Sanders, who is Jewish, was really an atheist. The disclosures confirmed Sanders’ frequent charge that the party played favorites against him and clouded a party convention Clinton hoped would signal unity, not division. Two U.S. intelligence officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the hack could be part of a broader campaign by Russian President Vladimir Putin to push back against what he thinks is an effort by the European Union and NATO, a military alliance of European and North American democracies, to encircle and weaken Russia. One of the officials called the fear “a hangover” from Putin’s service in the KGB, the Soviet intelligence agency. “Time and again, we’re seeing Russia push back at what Putin considers Russia’s mortal enemies,” said the other official. “He’s been actively attacking the U.S.-backed rebels in Syria, buzzing ships and planes in the Black Sea and the Baltic, not to mention invading Ukraine and seizing Crimea. This fits the pattern.” Despite Clinton’s short-lived attempt as secretary of state to “reset” U.S.-Russian relations after U.S. President Barack Obama took office in 2009, the leaked emails could damage a candidate the Kremlin may consider hostile and benefit her opponent, who has been friendlier. Putin accused Clinton of stirring up protests against his rule after a December 2011 Russian parliamentary election that was marred by allegations of fraud, saying she had encouraged “mercenary” Kremlin foes by criticizing the vote. “She set the tone for some opposition activists, gave them a signal, they heard this signal and started active work,” Putin told supporters. Asked about claims that Russian intelligence had hacked the DNC to obtain the emails, Wikileaks founder Julian Assange told NBC News’ Richard Engel “there is no proof of that whatsoever” and said “this is a diversion” pushed by the Clinton campaign. TRUMP’S WARMER TONEAnalysts said Russia’s goal may be much broader than simply meddling in the U.S. presidential election. “It’s a gross oversimplification to suggest that the Russian government is all-in for Donald Trump,” said Andrew Weiss, a Russia analyst at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, a Washington-based think tank. “It’s in Russia’s interest ... to portray the United States as riven with popular discontent, xenophobia and high-level political corruption,” Weiss said. “It fits nicely with the Kremlin’s standard narrative ... that the White House rushes to criticize others without getting its own house in order.” The Russian leader may well have been encouraged by Trump’s comments to The New York Times last week that with him in the White House, NATO might not automatically defend the Baltic states that were once a part of the Russian-led Soviet Union.     Despite public Trump-Putin exchanges of praise, Eugene Rumer, a former national intelligence officer for Russia and Eurasia, warned against reaching any quick conclusions about Putin’s view of Trump.     “We can say with some degree of confidence that they don’t like Hillary,” Rumer said. “It’s less clear that they like Trump, although over the years the Russians have said they prefer to deal with the Republicans – (that) they are kind of hard-line but they can do deals.” A diplomat with experience working on Russia said the Kremlin also might be betting that Clinton will win and is sending a shot across her bow.     “Messing with her like this now puts her on notice that these are tough guys that she’s got to be really careful with,” said the diplomat, who spoke on condition of anonymity. A U.S. intelligence official who is reviewing the emails as part of the investigation into their origin said that those emails describing the privileges the Democratic National Committee showers on its wealthiest donors bolster the Russian narrative of an American political system rigged by the wealthy and riddled with corruption. “In addition to countering the U.S. narrative that the Russian government is a corrupt oligarchy, leaking these emails fits rather conveniently with Trump’s charges about a rigged system and ‘crooked Hillary’,” said the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss domestic politics. ",1
8630,Some in Sanders' army seem determined to march on without him,"PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - It should have been a triumphant night for Hillary Clinton when her rival Bernie Sanders gave a rousing speech urging his supporters to vote for her in the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election. Instead it turned into a sign of potential trouble for her White House bid. His speech on Monday to the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia urging the party to unite against Republican Donald Trump was met with some jeers when he endorsed Clinton – a sign he had lost control of his own movement. “I’m beyond disappointed,” California delegate Aleece Depuey, 49, said after Sanders sought to rally support for his one-time rival.   Hundreds of Sanders supporters marched through the streets on Day One of the four-day convention, chanting: “We want Bernie!” Delegates wore “Bernie or Bust” buttons. Others donned Robin Hood-style hats, a call to redistribute wealth from the rich to the poor.  When he spoke, a scuffle broke out between a Sanders supporter and a Clinton supporter in the hall.  The backlash raised questions over whether - and how - Clinton could ever win over Sanders supporters.  With opinion polls showing the Clinton-Trump race tightening, Clinton needs Sanders’ voters more than ever. Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, arrived in Philadelphia with 1,894 of 4,763 delegates after winning 13 million votes in the Democratic nominating contest. To many of Sanders’ backers, Clinton is a bridge too far. They see her as the kind of political insider, backed by reams of corporate money, that drove them to Sanders and his fight to rein in Wall Street and remove income inequality. Others simply do not trust her, opinion polls show.  In a Reuters/Ipsos poll released at the end of June, some 15 percent of Sanders’ backers said they would vote for Trump, and 19 percent would support neither Clinton nor Trump. Sanders won the states of Colorado, Indiana, Michigan, and New Hampshire in the run-up to the convention, and nearly won Iowa - all states that could be closely contested by Trump in the general election. Clinton likely will need some portion of Sanders’ support to stay competitive in those states.  Clinton’s campaign had hoped in Philadelphia to put the bare-knuckle primary fight behind it, but Sanders’ voters were enraged by Friday’s embarrassing release of internal party emails by the activist group WikiLeaks showing party officials clearly favored Clinton over their candidate.  Sanders supporters seemed to be everywhere, often with a bigger presence than Clinton supporters, a jarring sight at an event where she is due to be formally nominated as the party’s presidential candidate.   At a delegate welcoming event on Sunday night, shouts of “Bernie!” filled the air as his supporters circulated a petition to force convention organizers to hold an extended roll-call vote on the floor this week that would require each delegate to declare his or her support. Others pledged to contest Clinton’s choice of Democrat Tim Kaine, a U.S. senator from Virginia, as her running mate.  When at mid-day Sanders addressed more than a thousand of his delegates at the city’s convention center, the crowd erupted in fury when he asked them to switch their allegiance to Clinton. “Brothers and sisters,” he said over their jeers, “this is the real world that we live in. Trump is a bully and a demagogue.” People started shouting back: “So is Hillary!” Sanders did not mention Clinton again. But he already had lost the attention of some of his most fervent fans. “As soon as he said back Clinton, everyone stopped listening,” said Cindy Melchert, a protester who listened to the appeal over a loudspeaker at a local park. A Michigan native, Melchert said she would not vote for Clinton in November under any circumstances. For her, the movement now was less about Sanders and more about showing the Democratic National Committee “they had us and absolutely lost us.” Another protester, Michael Arnold of Atlanta, would not have been out of place at a Trump rally, sporting a T-shirt that read “Hillary for prison.”  Fearing a similar scene on the convention floor would embarrass Clinton, Sanders’ campaign emailed delegates before Monday night’s program, urging them to restrain themselves. “Our credibility as a movement will be damaged by booing, turning of backs, walking out or other similar displays,” it read. Some Sanders supporters appeared willing to set aside their qualms about Clinton, largely out of a desire to see Trump defeated in the election. Diana Hatsis-Neuhoff, a delegate from Florida adorned with buttons backing Sanders, said she planned to vote for Clinton in the general election. “Yes,” she said, “we’ll hold our nose and vote.” Others felt their fellow Sanders supporters had taken the movement too far. “We are surrounded by people who are so selfish and so self-absorbed,” said Melissa Robbins, who worked for the Sanders campaign in Philadelphia. “Not voting for Hillary is a sure win for Donald Trump.” But that may not be enough to sway Sue Spicer from Indiana, who said she had trouble imagining voting for either Clinton or Trump. “It’s hard to feel they have our best interests in mind,” she said. ",1
8631,Kerry says raised Democrat email hack with Russia's Lavrov,"VIENTIANE (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said on Tuesday he raised the issue of the hacking of Democratic Party emails in a meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov. Lavrov brushed off accusations that Moscow was behind the hacking ahead of the meeting. Kerry also said he would encourage the Philippines to engage in bilateral negotiations with China to resolve their dispute over rival claims in the South China Sea. Kerry is due to travel to the Philippines later on Wednesday, after a two-day visit to Laos, and he will meet President Rodrigo Duterte while there. ",1
8632,"An Obama, not the president, brings down the house at Democratic convention","PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Democrats divided over the future of their party agreed on at least one thing at their national convention in Philadelphia on Monday night: Michelle Obama was a star. The first lady gave a speech in support of a former first lady, presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton, and described America as “the greatest country on earth”, clashing with Republican Donald Trump’s “Make America Great Again” slogan and bringing an arena crowd riven by a fierce fight for the nomination to its feet. “I wake up every morning in a house that was built by slaves, and I watch my daughters - two beautiful, intelligent, black young women – playing with their dogs on the White House lawn,” Michelle Obama said.  Obama’s husband, President Barack Obama, for years has drawn praise for his oratorical skills. But Monday night belonged to her. “Don’t let anyone ever tell you that this country isn’t great, that somehow we need to make it great again, because this right now is the greatest country on earth,” she said. The speech triggered wild applause among delegates in the Wells Fargo Center, where anger over Senator Bernie Sanders’ loss in the primary elections against Clinton had taken the form of jeers during speeches earlier in the day.  Some Sanders supporters had called out at some points early in Obama’s speech, but were shushed. Garry Mauro, head of the Clinton delegation for Texas, called Michelle Obama’s speech “stunningly good.” Several Twitter users said the speech brought them to tears, while others marveled at its positive tone in an election year marked by blunt exchanges.  “Mrs. Obama deconstructed Trump’s entire campaign without using a single pejorative word,” Twitter user @weddady said in a post after the speech. “Mrs Obama’s speech also disassembled Trump’s entire narrative without ever mentioning his name.” Michelle Obama became the top searched speaker of the night on Google. On Twitter, about 40 tweets mentioning the first lady were posted every second, according to social media analytics firm Zoomph. The president lauded her performance. “Incredible speech by an incredible woman. Couldn’t be more proud & our country has been blessed to have her as FLOTUS. I love you, Michelle,” he wrote in a Twitter post, using an acronym for first lady of the United States. His tweet became the most re-tweeted post of the night. Michelle Obama, a lawyer who has advocated for military families and working women during her seven-and-a-half years as first lady, has earned a reputation for inspirational speeches.  Last week, during the Republican National Convention, Trump’s wife Melania delivered a speech that appeared to borrow phrases from Michelle Obama’s convention speech in 2008, drawing accusations of plagiarism. A Trump Organization staff writer accepted responsibility for the similarities. “One can completely understand why people plagiarize Michelle Obama,” actress Mia Farrow said in a Twitter post after the first lady’s speech. ",1
8633,Democratic National Committee apologizes to Sanders over emails,"(Reuters) - The Democratic National Committee apologized to Senator Bernie Sanders on Monday after leaked emails suggested the party’s leadership had worked to sabotage Sanders’ presidential campaign. “On behalf of everyone at the DNC, we want to offer a deep and sincere apology to Senator Sanders, his supporters, and the entire Democratic Party for the inexcusable remarks made over email,” the DNC said in a statement released on the opening day of the party’s convention in Philadelphia. It said the emails did not reflect the committee’s “steadfast commitment to neutrality during the nominating process.” ",1
8634,Lavrov dismisses claims  Moscow behind Democrats' email hack,"VIENTIANE (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov on Tuesday brushed aside  accusations that Moscow was behind the hacking of Democratic Party emails. “I don’t want to use four-letter words,” Lavrov told reporters, when asked whether Russia was responsible for the hacking of emails.  He was speaking at the start of talks with Secretary of State John Kerry on the sidelines of a meeting of Southeast Asian nations in Laos.  ",1
8635,Email leak may hurt Democratic party chair's re-election bid,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An email leak that led to the resignation of Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz could plague her bid for re-election to Congress, after a challenger said on Monday he would file a complaint alleging she had broken election rules. Political newcomer Tim Canova, who is challenging Wasserman Schultz in the Aug. 30 Democratic primary for her House of Representatives seat representing Florida’s 23rd Congressional District, said he would file the complaint against her with the U.S. Federal Election Commission. Wasserman Schultz said on Sunday she would be stepping down as chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee after Wikileaks released more than 19,000 emails showing Democratic officials had worked to undermine U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders in his presidential primary battle with Hillary Clinton. Canova suggested that the leaked emails also showed Wasserman Schultz had used the party’s resources in her congressional campaign against Canova in south Florida. Sanders has endorsed Canova in that race.  “The Wikileaks emails indicate that Debbie Wasserman Schultz used DNC resources to assist her reelection campaign in violation of federal law. According to the emails, top DNC officials used party resources to monitor, respond to, and impede my campaign on numerous occasions,” Canova said in a statement emailed to Reuters by his campaign. “My campaign election lawyers are investigating these circumstances and preparing a complaint against Wasserman Schultz with the Federal Election Commission,” Canova said. He also repeated his call for a series of campaign debates with Wasserman Schultz. Searching for Canova’s name in the cache of emails released by WikiLeaks turned up dozens of emails. One indicated Wasserman Schultz had asked staffers to take Canova’s name out of a headline on a statement that was being sent out in response to Sanders’s endorsement of Canova. Sanders told CNN in May that he favored Canova, saying “His views are much closer to mine than as to Wasserman Schultz’s.”  Canova’s south Florida campaign for Congress has reflected some of the themes that Sanders used nationwide to appeal to progressives, including a push for campaign finance reform. Canova has also been a critic of financial deregulation and the Federal Reserve Board under former Chairman Alan Greenspan, according to his biography on the website at Nova Southeastern University, where he is a professor of law and public finance. Sanders made attacks on Wall Street a central theme of his presidential campaign, and called for structural reforms in the Fed. Since Sanders’ endorsement, Canova has almost caught up with Wasserman Schultz in fundraising. Canova has raised $2.27 million so far; Wasserman Schultz has raised $2.81 million, according to the most recent Federal Election Commission filings.    There are also two Republicans seeking Wasserman Schultz’s seat in Congress, Martin Feigenbaum and Joe Kaufman. ",1
8636,Trump says he would consider alliance with Russia over Islamic State,"WINSTON-SALEM, N.C. (Reuters) - Republican nominee Donald Trump said on Monday that if elected U.S. president he would weigh an alliance with Russia against Islamic State militants but rejected any suggestion Russian President Vladimir Putin might be trying to help him win. Speaking at a rally in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, Trump dismissed any suggestion that Putin’s intelligence services might have had a hand in hacking the Democratic National Committee’s email system. Emails leaked last week disclosed that some party officials had been in favor of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton winning the Democratic presidential nomination over U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders and sought ways to thwart Sanders. The uproar over the WikiLeaks revelations prompted Debbie Wasserman Schultz to resign as DNC chairwoman, and Trump eagerly injected himself into the controversy. Trump dismissed a charge from Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook that Russian hackers might have stolen the emails and leaked them to embarrass Democrats and help Trump defeat Clinton in the Nov. 8 election. “I don’t think it’s coincidental that these emails were released on the eve of our convention here, and I think that’s disturbing,” Mook told CNN’s “State of the Union.” Trump dismissed what he called “one of the weirdest conspiracy theories” he said he had heard. He said he had never met Putin. But over the course of his year-long campaign, Trump has praised the Russian leader and one of his top foreign policy advisers, retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, had dinner with Putin last December. “When you think about it, wouldn’t it be nice if we got along with Russia?” Trump said. “Wouldn’t it be nice if we got together with Russia and knocked the hell out of ISIS?” he added, using another name for Islamic State. As it happens, skeptics in the U.S. government, European allies in the anti-Islamic State coalition and the main Syrian opposition, distrustful of Russia’s intentions, are questioning Secretary of State John Kerry’s own latest proposal for closer U.S.-Russian cooperation against militant groups in Syria. Trump, kicking off a three-day campaign swing with his vice presidential running mate, Indiana Governor Mike Pence, returned to his freewheeling style after giving a scripted speech on Thursday accepting the Republican presidential nomination. During an earlier event in Roanoke, Virginia, Trump labeled Clinton “low-energy,” the same characterization he lobbed at Republican rival Jeb Bush; attacked her running mate, U.S. Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia; and complained about the air conditioning in the hotel ballroom where he spoke. “I think the ballroom and the people who own this hotel ought to be ashamed of themselves,” Trump said. Trump made light of Democratic disunity as party loyalists gathered in Philadelphia on Monday to anoint Clinton as their nominee this week, after a week in which Republicans struggled to unite behind Trump at their convention in Cleveland. Trump waved away Republican disunity as essentially isolated pockets of resistance and made an apparent reference to U.S. Senator Ted Cruz, who was booed in Cleveland when he would not endorse Trump after losing to him in a bitter primary race. “We had a couple people who probably destroyed their career, but who knows,” Trump said. “Look what’s going on in Philadelphia. ... We had no riots, no nothing. It was unbelievable. I’ll never forget it as long as I live.” On Twitter, Trump added, “Wow, the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess.” ",1
8637,Democrats in disarray on eve of convention to nominate Clinton,"PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - The head of the Democratic Party resigned on Sunday amid a furor over embarrassing leaked emails, hoping to head off a growing rebellion by Bernie Sanders supporters on the eve of the convention to nominate Hillary Clinton for the White House. Lingering bitterness from the heated primary campaign between Clinton and Sanders erupted after more than 19,000 Democratic National Committee emails, leaked on Friday, confirmed Sanders’ frequent charge that the party played favorites in the race. In a statement, DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz said the best way for the party to accomplish its goal of putting Clinton in the White House was for her to step aside after the convention. Sanders had demanded earlier in the day that Wasserman Schultz resign. The furor was a blow to a party keen on projecting stability in contrast to the volatility of Republican candidate Donald Trump, who was formally nominated at a raucous convention in Cleveland last week. It also overshadowed preparations in Philadelphia for Clinton’s coronation as the nominee to face Trump in the Nov. 8 presidential election. She will be the first woman nominated for president by a major U.S. political party.  The four-day Democratic convention will open on Monday. In some good news for Clinton, The New York Times reported that businessman and former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg will endorse her in a prime-time speech on Monday, saying she will be the best choice for moderate voters in 2016. The cache of emails leaked on Friday by the WikiLeaks website disclosed that DNC officials explored ways to undermine Sanders’ insurgent presidential campaign, including raising questions about whether Sanders, who is Jewish, was really an atheist. Sanders said Wasserman Schultz, a U.S. representative from Florida, had made the right decision for the future of the Democratic Party. “The party leadership must also always remain impartial in the presidential nominating process, something which did not occur in the 2016 race,” he said. The Clinton camp questioned whether Russians may have had a hand in the hack attack on the party’s emails and were interested in helping Trump, who has exchanged words of praise with Russian President Vladimir Putin. “What’s disturbing to us is that experts are telling us that Russian state actors broke into the DNC, stole these emails and other experts are now saying that Russians are releasing these emails for the purpose of helping Donald Trump,” Clinton campaign chairman Robby Mook said on CNN’s “State of the Union.” Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort said the Clinton camp was trying to distract from its party discord ahead of the convention. “What’s in those emails show that it was a clearly rigged system, that Bernie Sanders ... never had a chance,” Manafort said on ABC.  Clinton, 68, a former secretary of state, and Sanders, 74, an independent U.S. senator from Vermont who ran for president as a Democrat, waged a bruising months-long battle for the nomination. Branding himself a democratic socialist, Sanders galvanized young and liberal voters with his calls to rein in Wall Street and eradicate income inequality.    But Sanders repeatedly voiced frustration with a DNC and party establishment he felt was stacked against him, and the resentment from Sanders and his supporters threatened to disrupt the convention. “I’m not shocked but I’m disappointed,” Sanders said of the emails earlier on Sunday on ABC’s “This Week.” The emails showed DNC officials pondering various ways to undercut Sanders. Brad Marshall, the DNC’s chief financial officer, apologized on Facebook on Saturday for an email in which he discussed how some voters in upcoming nominating contests in Kentucky and West Virginia would reject an atheist. “He had skated on saying he has a Jewish heritage,” Marshall wrote in a May 5 email to three top DNC officials. No names were mentioned, but Sanders was the only Jewish candidate. “I think I read he is an atheist. This could make several points difference with my peeps. My Southern Baptist peeps would draw a big difference between a Jew and an atheist.” Clinton told CBS’s “60 Minutes” in an interview that aired on Sunday that she had not read any of the emails but it was “wrong and unacceptable” to bring religion into the political process. The emails angered many Sanders supporters who were already dismayed by Clinton’s choice on Friday of low-key U.S. Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia as her vice presidential running mate. Kaine, 58, who could appeal to independents and moderates, has never been aligned with party liberals. Sanders, who has endorsed Clinton and will speak on her behalf to the convention on Monday, said he would have preferred she pick U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, a favorite of the party’s liberal wing, as her No. 2. “I have known Tim Kaine for a number of years. ... Tim is a very, very smart guy. He is a very nice guy,” Sanders said on NBC’s “Meet the Press.”  “He is more conservative than I am. Would I have preferred to see somebody like an Elizabeth Warren selected by Secretary Clinton? Yes, I would have,” he said.  Carrying pitchforks meant to portray Clinton as the devil, hundreds of Sanders supporters took to the streets of Philadelphia earlier on Sunday to say they felt betrayed by the DNC. “It just validated everything we thought, everything we believed to be true, that this was completely rigged right from the beginning, and that you know it was really about what they were doing everything to set it up so she would win,” Sanders supporter Gwen Sperling said. DNC Vice Chairwoman Donna Brazile will serve as interim chair through the election, the DNC said on Twitter. ",1
8638,"U.S. lawmaker wants new budget requests for Iraq, Afghanistan troops","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The chairman of the House of Representatives Armed Services Committee called on the Obama administration on Monday to ask Congress for more money to fund its plans for Iraq and Afghanistan, amid expectations of a defense budget battle when lawmakers return to Washington this fall. “The administration needs to come over with a supplemental (budget request),” Republican Representative Mac Thornberry said at a roundtable discussion with reporters shortly after returning from a trip to Iraq and Afghanistan. He said U.S. and allied forces were making progress in Afghanistan and in the fight against Islamic State militants in Iraq, but that stiff challenges remained in both campaigns. Thornberry and other congressional Republicans have been saying President Barack Obama must formally request additional funds for the fiscal year that starts on Oct. 1 since he announced plans earlier this month to send more troops to Iraq and keep more in Afghanistan than had been expected. The request for more troops, without a plan to pay for them, added another wrinkle to the simmering dispute between the Republican-led Congress and the Democratic administration over spending. Obama has threatened to veto a $602 billion defense policy bill because of its use of special funds for the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq to avoid mandatory budget limits. Democrats say the Department of Defense should be subject to the same spending restrictions as non-military programs. Republicans accuse Democrats of stinting on national security in order to fund pet domestic projects. “That is holding our military hostage,” Thornberry said. The congressman said he had had no official numbers from the Pentagon but that he had been told it faces roughly $6 billion more in expenses than when the administration made its budget request earlier this year. He said military commanders in Afghanistan were grappling with how to handle Obama’s plan to reduce the number of troops in Afghanistan to 8,448 by December 31 from about 9,800 currently. They are looking into using more contractors and whether some functions can be moved out of Afghanistan, Thornberry said.  Defense Secretary Ash Carter has said the Pentagon was evaluating how to proceed, comparing its estimated costs with what is already in its budgets. ",1
8639,"Illinois Republican lawmaker resigns, cites Facebook, Twitter hacks","CHICAGO (Reuters) - A prominent Illinois Republican has resigned from the state legislature, citing multiple incidents of fake Facebook and Twitter accounts set up in his name in recent weeks.  “After some cyber security issues arose, I began to re-evaluate my continued public service,” Representative Ron Sandack, House Republican floor leader, said in a resignation letter dated Sunday and provided on Monday by the Republican Caucus. Sandack, known as an adamant defender of Republican Governor Bruce Rauner’s initiatives on the floor of the Democratic-dominated House, was up for re-election in November against Democrat Greg Hose. His resignation comes as both major U.S. political parties are increasingly bedeviled by hacking, including Friday’s leak of emails that have embarrassed Democrats as they gather for the party’s convention in Philadelphia this week. Sandack had been battling since July 4 to remove multiple fake Facebook and Twitter accounts in his name, he told Capitol Fax, a respected political blog based in Springfield, the state capital. It is not clear what, if anything, the fake accounts posted in his name. Sandack, who was an active user of social media, has shut down his Facebook and Twitter accounts and has filed a police report regarding the fake ones, Capitol Fax reported. A spokeswoman for Jim Durkin, leader of the House Republicans, did not respond to a question on who would replace Sandack as Republican candidate for his seat. Rauner did not respond to reporters’ questions about Sandack following an event on Monday morning.  Sandack is a Chicago lawyer and former mayor of Downers Grove, Illinois. He was appointed in 2010 to the Illinois Senate to fill in for a senator who resigned, and went on to be elected as representative for his suburban Chicago district. In his resignation notice he also said he was no longer willing to miss so many family events. ",1
8640,"Democratic Party email leak points to Russia: cyber experts, U.S. officials","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Cyber security experts and U.S. officials said on Monday there was evidence that Russia engineered the release of sensitive Democratic Party emails in order to influence the U.S. presidential election. The FBI said it was investigating a cyber intrusion at the Democratic National Committee (DNC), which has led to discord as  the party’s convention in Philadelphia opens on Monday to nominate former U.S. secretary of state Hillary Clinton as its candidate. Although the hacking of the DNC was known to officials and cyber security experts a month ago, the timing of the release of the contents of communications within the party is what is causing concern for U.S. authorities. A U.S. official involved in the investigation said that the classified information collected on the hack so far “indicated beyond a reasonable doubt that it originated in Russia.”  The official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said that the timing of the release of emails “has all the hallmarks of a classic intelligence operation intended to damage a perceived adversary.” The official said, however, that it may be impossible to prove definitively that Russian President Vladimir Putin’s government directed the attack. The emails, released by activist group WikiLeaks at the weekend, appeared to show favoritism within the DNC for Clinton over U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, who ran a close race for the nomination for the Nov. 8 election. The committee is supposed to be neutral and the disclosure forced chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz, a congresswoman from Florida, to resign. The U.S. House of Representatives intelligence committee has been briefed and will seek information on any potential connection to Russia or any other state, said Representative Adam Schiff, the senior Democrat on the panel. “That foreign actors may be trying to influence our election - let alone a powerful adversary like Russia - should concern all Americans of any party.” Schiff said in a statement. On Sunday, Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook told CNN that the campaign had been told by “experts” that the emails were released by suspected Russian hackers to help Republican Party nominee Donald Trump. The businessman’s campaign dismissed the allegation as absurd. Trump has often praised Putin, calling him a “strong leader.” Trump is a critic of NATO and last week he  told The New York Times that he might not back countries in the alliance if they were attacked by Russia, unless he was sure they had made sufficient contributions to the group.  Russia has long been considered among the most elite U.S. adversaries in cyberspace, though its actions are generally viewed as efforts at covert intelligence gathering. “Usually, the Russians are not ham-handed,” said Jim Lewis, a cyber security expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington. He said Russia was believed to have hacked Democratic and Republican campaigns in 2008, but that it did not leak material. “It would be a bold move to try and shape the election, but we can’t rule it out,” Lewis said. CrowdStrike, a cyber firm that helped clean up the breach, said last month it had identified two hacking groups that infiltrated the DNC and that both were believed to be working on behalf of two competing arms of the Russian government. Its findings were later supported by similar conclusions reached by FireEye’s (FEYE.O) Mandiant unit and Fidelis, two other U.S.-based cyber companies.   Experts said that forensic analysis of the breach also links the same hackers to attacks at the White House, the State Department, the German Bundestag and private companies. The Federal Bureau of Investigation declined to say when its probe of the hack began. “A compromise of this nature is something we take very seriously, and the FBI will continue to investigate and hold accountable those who pose a threat in cyberspace,” it said in a statement. WikiLeaks released more than 19,000 DNC emails on Saturday. On Twitter it rejected as speculation claims made that Russia was the source of the cache. The group also said that there would be more leaks related to the U.S. election. White House spokesman Josh Earnest said he could not speak to the veracity of private sector conclusions pointing to Russia as the culprit in the DNC hack, but that he was confident the FBI would thoroughly investigate the matter. ",1
8641,Florida man admits helping funnel 2012 foreign political contribution,"(Reuters) - A Florida man pleaded guilty on Monday to working with another man to illegally funnel $80,000 in foreign contributions to U.S. President Barack Obama’s joint fundraising committee in 2012 so that a foreign national could attend a campaign event. William Argeros, 57, pleaded guilty in federal court in Newark, New Jersey, to charges that he knowingly and willfully made foreign contributions and donations and made a false  declaration to a federal grand jury, prosecutors said. U.S. law prohibits contributions from foreign nationals to candidates or fundraising committees in federal elections. A lawyer for Argeros did not respond to a request for comment. The Tampa, Florida, resident is scheduled to be sentenced on Nov. 9. The proceedings came a month after an earlier guilty plea in the case by Bilal Shehu, a New Jersey limousine driver to whom prosecutors said Argeros facilitated the transferring of $80,000 from a foreign source. Prosecutors said Shehu, a Paramus, New Jersey resident, then provided the money to Obama’s joint fundraising committee so that a foreign national could attend a campaign event on Oct. 8, 2012, in San Francisco. In announcing both guilty pleas, prosecutors have not specifically identified the foreign source of the money or the foreign national. But the cases came after a Republican congressman in 2013 called for investigations into the purchases by Shehu’s family of two $40,000 tickets for a San Francisco fundraiser, one of which was used by now-Albanian Prime Minister Edi Rama. At the October 2012 event, Rama, the Albanian Socialist Party leader, was photographed with Obama. U.S. Representative Dana Rohrabacher of California at the time contended the photo was then used for “deceitful” purposes by Rama to imply a relationship with Obama during Albania’s own election, which brought him into leadership. Prosecutors have said that the foreign national in the case was denied entry to the campaign event but was allowed to be photographed with Obama. Prosecutors said no one on the joint election committee has been accused of any wrongdoing and that it had cooperated fully in the investigation. ",1
8642,Wasserman Schultz will not open Democratic convention: media reports,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz said on Monday she will not open the party’s national convention in Philadelphia, the Sun Sentinel newspaper reported. “I have decided that in the interest of making sure that we can start the Democratic convention on a high note that I am not going to gavel in the convention,” Wasserman Schultz told the Florida paper. ",1
8643,White House will not comment on Democratic email hack probe,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House will not speculate on who might be behind the hacking of the Democratic National Committee, a spokesman said on Monday amid concerns hackers working for Russia may be attempting to influence the U.S. presidential election. “We know that there are a variety of actors, both state and criminal, who are looking for vulnerabilities in the cyber security of the United States and that includes Russia,” said White House spokesman Josh Earnest. The administration would let law enforcement take the lead on releasing findings about the cyber intrusion, he said.  ",1
8644,"Lawmakers briefed on reported DNC hack, seek information on any Russia link","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top Democrat on the U.S. House of Representatives Intelligence Committee said on Monday the panel had been briefed on the reported hack into the Democratic National Committee email system and would seek information as to the origin of any attack and possible connection to Russia or other countries. “If the hack is linked to Russian actors, it would not be the first time cyber intrusions linked to the Kremlin and its supporters have sought to influence the political process in other countries,” U.S. Representative Adam Schiff said in a statement. ",1
8645,Obama's brother plans to vote for Trump," NAIROBI (Reuters) - President Barack Obama’s half-brother, Malik Obama, says he will vote for Republican nominee Donald Trump in the U.S. election in November because he likes the candidate and he is unhappy with his brother’s leadership.  Malik, who is in his 50s, told Reuters by phone from Obama’s ancestral home of Kogelo in western Kenya that he supports Trump’s policies, especially his focus on security.  “He appeals to me and also I think that he is down to earth and he speaks from the heart and he is not trying to be politically correct. He’s just straight-forward,” he said.  MORE ELECTION COVERAGE* Divisions plague Democrats as they open convention to anoint Clinton* Wider Image: Women workers on the Clinton campaign * Kaine makes campaign-trail debut Malik, a U.S. citizen, has lived in Washington since 1985 where he worked with various firms before becoming an independent financial consultant.  Trump’s stance against Muslims coming in to the United States was understandable even to Muslims like himself, Malik said.  “I’m a Muslim, of course, but you can’t have people going around just shooting people and killing people just in the name of Islam,” he said.  He criticized President Obama’s record in the White House saying he had not done much for the American people and his extended family despite the high expectations that accompanied his election in 2008, both in the United States and Kenya.  The two men appear to have drifted apart but were previously close. Malik has visited the president in the Oval office and was also best man at Barack’s wedding.  Obama’s election created much excitement in Kenya especially in Kogelo village where their father was born before going to study at the University of Hawaii.  Obama visited Nairobi, in the first ever trip by a sitting U.S. president to the East African nation last July, and promised to visit more often when he leaves office.  Malik defended his right to criticize his brother, citing freedom of expression.  “To each his own. I speak my mind and I’m not going to be put in a box just because my brother is the President of the United States,” Malik said.  ",1
8646,Democrats in disarray on eve of convention to nominate Clinton,"PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - The head of the Democratic Party resigned on Sunday amid a furor over embarrassing leaked emails, hoping to head off a growing rebellion by Bernie Sanders supporters on the eve of the convention to nominate Hillary Clinton for the White House. Lingering bitterness from the heated primary campaign between Clinton and Sanders erupted after more than 19,000 Democratic National Committee emails, leaked on Friday, confirmed Sanders’ frequent charge that the party played favorites in the race. In a statement, DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz said the best way for the party to accomplish its goal of putting Clinton in the White House was for her to step aside after the convention. Sanders had demanded earlier in the day that Wasserman Schultz resign. The furor was a blow to a party keen on projecting stability in contrast to the volatility of Republican candidate Donald Trump, who was formally nominated at a raucous convention in Cleveland last week. It also overshadowed preparations in Philadelphia for Clinton’s coronation as the nominee to face Trump in the Nov. 8 presidential election. She will be the first woman nominated for president by a major U.S. political party.  The four-day Democratic convention will open on Monday. In some good news for Clinton, The New York Times reported that businessman and former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg will endorse her in a prime-time speech on Monday, saying she will be the best choice for moderate voters in 2016. The cache of emails leaked on Friday by the WikiLeaks website disclosed that DNC officials explored ways to undermine Sanders’ insurgent presidential campaign, including raising questions about whether Sanders, who is Jewish, was really an atheist. Sanders said Wasserman Schultz, a U.S. representative from Florida, had made the right decision for the future of the Democratic Party. “The party leadership must also always remain impartial in the presidential nominating process, something which did not occur in the 2016 race,” he said. The Clinton camp questioned whether Russians may have had a hand in the hack attack on the party’s emails and were interested in helping Trump, who has exchanged words of praise with Russian President Vladimir Putin. “What’s disturbing to us is that experts are telling us that Russian state actors broke into the DNC, stole these emails and other experts are now saying that Russians are releasing these emails for the purpose of helping Donald Trump,” Clinton campaign chairman Robby Mook said on CNN’s “State of the Union.” Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort said the Clinton camp was trying to distract from its party discord ahead of the convention. “What’s in those emails show that it was a clearly rigged system, that Bernie Sanders ... never had a chance,” Manafort said on ABC.  Clinton, 68, a former secretary of state, and Sanders, 74, an independent U.S. senator from Vermont who ran for president as a Democrat, waged a bruising months-long battle for the nomination. Branding himself a democratic socialist, Sanders galvanized young and liberal voters with his calls to rein in Wall Street and eradicate income inequality.    But Sanders repeatedly voiced frustration with a DNC and party establishment he felt was stacked against him, and the resentment from Sanders and his supporters threatened to disrupt the convention. “I’m not shocked but I’m disappointed,” Sanders said of the emails earlier on Sunday on ABC’s “This Week.” The emails showed DNC officials pondering various ways to undercut Sanders. Brad Marshall, the DNC’s chief financial officer, apologized on Facebook on Saturday for an email in which he discussed how some voters in upcoming nominating contests in Kentucky and West Virginia would reject an atheist. “He had skated on saying he has a Jewish heritage,” Marshall wrote in a May 5 email to three top DNC officials. No names were mentioned, but Sanders was the only Jewish candidate. “I think I read he is an atheist. This could make several points difference with my peeps. My Southern Baptist peeps would draw a big difference between a Jew and an atheist.” Clinton told CBS’s “60 Minutes” in an interview that aired on Sunday that she had not read any of the emails but it was “wrong and unacceptable” to bring religion into the political process. The emails angered many Sanders supporters who were already dismayed by Clinton’s choice on Friday of low-key U.S. Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia as her vice presidential running mate. Kaine, 58, who could appeal to independents and moderates, has never been aligned with party liberals. Sanders, who has endorsed Clinton and will speak on her behalf to the convention on Monday, said he would have preferred she pick U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, a favorite of the party’s liberal wing, as her No. 2. “I have known Tim Kaine for a number of years. ... Tim is a very, very smart guy. He is a very nice guy,” Sanders said on NBC’s “Meet the Press.”  “He is more conservative than I am. Would I have preferred to see somebody like an Elizabeth Warren selected by Secretary Clinton? Yes, I would have,” he said.  Carrying pitchforks meant to portray Clinton as the devil, hundreds of Sanders supporters took to the streets of Philadelphia earlier on Sunday to say they felt betrayed by the DNC. “It just validated everything we thought, everything we believed to be true, that this was completely rigged right from the beginning, and that you know it was really about what they were doing everything to set it up so she would win,” Sanders supporter Gwen Sperling said. DNC Vice Chairwoman Donna Brazile will serve as interim chair through the election, the DNC said on Twitter. ",1
8647,Former New York City Mayor Bloomberg to endorse Hillary Clinton: NYT,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg plans to endorse Hillary Clinton in a prime time address at the Democratic convention, the New York Times reported on Sunday. Citing Bloomberg’s adviser Howard Wolfson, the newspaper said that he plans to make the case for Clinton from the “perspective of a business leader and an independent.” Bloomberg, who was previously elected as a Republican and later became an independent, has been sharply critical of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. ",1
8648,"Attacking Trump, Democrat Kaine makes campaign-trail debut","MIAMI/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democrat Tim Kaine made his first appearance on the campaign trail as Hillary Clinton’s vice presidential running mate on Saturday, touting an optimistic view of America and leaping to attack Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s record. Joining Clinton at a rally in the battleground state of Florida, the bilingual Kaine peppered Spanish-language phrases into a speech focused on introducing himself to voters unfamiliar with the low-key U.S. senator from Virginia. Kaine criticized Trump’s recent suggestion he might not honor U.S. security commitments to NATO in Europe, and the real estate mogul’s history of casino bankruptcies and founding the failed Trump University. “When Donald Trump says he has your back, you better watch out,” Kaine said, with Clinton sitting at his side nodding. “He leaves a trail of broken promises and wrecked lives wherever he goes. We can’t afford to let him do the same thing to our country.” In contrast, he said, Clinton “doesn’t insult people, she listens to them. What a novel concept.” He said they shared a common creed: “Do all the good you can.” Clinton unveiled her choice of Kaine late on Friday, grabbing the political spotlight from Trump, who accepted the Republican presidential nomination on Thursday night after a chaotic four-day convention. The former secretary of state will formally be nominated as her party’s presidential candidate in the Nov. 8 election at the Democratic convention in Philadelphia, which opens on Monday. In choosing the soft-spoken Kaine, a former Richmond mayor and Virginia governor with a long establishment resume, Clinton opted for a steady and experienced hand who she hopes will offer a clear alternative to Trump’s volatile campaign and his Republican vice presidential choice Mike Pence. “Senator Tim Kaine is everything Donald Trump and Mike Pence are not. He is qualified to step into this job and lead on day one,” Clinton told the Miami crowd. Trump was unimpressed, saying on Twitter he had watched the joint appearance and “ISIS and our other enemies are drooling. They don’t look presidential to me!” In his speech, Kaine said he was an optimist and described his childhood in Kansas City helping his father in his metal-working shop and his Catholic mission to Honduras, where he helped teenagers with carpentry and welding and they taught him Spanish. He said in Honduras he learned the values “Fe, familia, y trabajo” — faith, family, and work. Kaine became emotional when he recalled the 2007 shooting deaths of 32 people at Virginia Tech University during his stint as governor, calling it the worst day of his life. He promised to take on the National Rifle Association and fight for “common sense” gun control. Judith Sweeney, 58, from West Park, Florida, said she knew little about Kaine before attending the speech but was impressed by his resume and liked his civil rights work and school reform efforts. “Wonderful, very experienced, an innovator,” she said. Peter Daou, a former adviser to Clinton who now owns a media company, said Kaine’s speech would turn around some of the doubters about the choice. “The combination of his tone, his demeanor, his life story -it just said a lot about her capacity to choose the right person and not listen to pressure from the outside,” he said. Clinton is hoping Kaine will help her appeal to independents and moderates, but some supporters of Clinton’s Democratic primary rival, U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, were dismayed by the choice because of Kaine’s past advocacy for an Asian free-trade pact. But in a nod to party liberals, the Clinton campaign said Kaine will not support the final version of the 12-nation Trans Pacific Partnership, which is pending in the Senate. A spokeswoman for Kaine confirmed his opposition to the pact. The decision drew cheers from liberal groups and labor leaders. “We’re glad to see the Clinton-Kaine ticket taking steps to campaign on big, bold, populist ideas that voters want to hear from Democrats,” said Stephanie Taylor, co-founder of the Progessive Change Campaign Committee. Richard Trumka, president of the AFL-CIO labor federation, said Kaine’s decision to join Clinton in opposing the trade pact “sets an irretrievable, progressive path forward for America.” In picking Kaine, Clinton passed over liberal candidates who would have generated more grassroots enthusiasm like U.S. Senators Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and Cory Booker of New Jersey, and Hispanic Cabinet members Julian Castro and Thomas Perez. Clinton tried to reassure party liberals, offering an extended list of Kaine’s efforts on behalf of low-income workers, education and civil rights, and for expanded gun control laws and immigration reform. “He fights for the people he represents, and he delivers real results,” Clinton said, applying one of her favorite self-descriptions to him. “When I say he’s a progressive who likes to get things done, I mean it.” Sanders supporters lost their bid to eliminate or reduce the influence of superdelegates, party leaders who are not bound to any candidate, during a meeting of the convention rules committee in Philadelphia. Sanders had complained about the superdelegates, which overwhelmingly backed Clinton. But enough committee members backed the effort to let them take the fight to the convention floor during next week’s convention, participants said.   ",1
8649,Sanders says would prefer Elizabeth Warren over Kaine as vice presidential pick,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former Democratic presidential candidate Senator Bernie Sanders said Sunday he would have preferred to see Hillary Clinton select someone like Senator Elizabeth Warren for the vice presidential spot over Senator Tim Kaine. “I have known Tim Kaine for a number of years...Tim is a very, very smart guy. He is very nice guy,” Sanders said on NBC’s “Meet the Press.” “He is more conservative than I am. Would I have preferred to see somebody like an Elizabeth Warren selected by Secretary Clinton? Yes, I would have.”  ",1
8650,"Democrat Clinton picks Kaine as running mate, bypassing liberals","WASHINGTON/TAMPA, Fla. (Reuters) - Hillary Clinton named U.S. Senator Tim Kaine as her running mate on Friday, opting for an experienced governing partner who will help her present the Democratic ticket as a steady alternative to the unpredictable campaign of Republican presidential rival Donald Trump. The selection of Kaine, a self-described “boring” Virginian with a reputation for low-key competence, could appeal to independents and moderates, but it quickly angered liberal groups that object to his advocacy for an Asian free-trade pact. The Spanish-speaking former Virginia governor and Richmond mayor fit Clinton’s long-stated criteria that the vice presidential choice be a capable and reliable partner who is ready to take over the presidency if necessary. Clinton made the announcement via Twitter and a text message to supporters after the first day of a two-day campaign swing in Florida. She called Kaine to tell him about 40 minutes before the announcement, and called President Barack Obama shortly after Kaine. “I’m thrilled to tell you this first: I’ve chosen Sen. Tim Kaine as my running mate. Welcome him to my team,” she said in her text message. Kaine, 58, edged out two other finalists - Cory Booker, a U.S. senator from New Jersey, and Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack, according to a Democratic source familiar with the discussions. Clinton also bypassed candidates who would have generated more excitement among liberal and Hispanic activists, including progressive favorite U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren and two Hispanic members of Obama’s Cabinet, Julian Castro and Thomas Perez. The former secretary of state will be formally nominated as the party’s presidential candidate for the Nov. 8 election at next week’s Democratic convention in Philadelphia. She leads Trump in many opinion polls. Clinton’s choice of a running mate could give her campaign momentum heading into the convention, as the fight for the White House begins a more than three-month push to the finish.             Clinton, 68, acknowledged in an interview earlier this week that even Kaine admits he is boring, and said she did not mind. “I love that about him,” she told Charlie Rose of CBS News and PBS. “He’s never lost an election. He was a world-class mayor, governor and senator and is one of the most highly respected senators I know.” A campaign official said Clinton was impressed with Kaine’s down-to-earth style when she campaigned with him in Virginia last week. Afterwards, Kaine went back to her house in Washington, D.C., for a 90-minute evening meeting. Two days later, Kaine and his wife, Anne, joined Clinton in New York for lunch, along with Clinton’s husband, former President Bill Clinton, daughter Chelsea and Chelsea’s husband. Kaine was the only vice presidential candidate to have a private family lunch during the vetting process, the official said. Clinton’s campaign chairman, John Podesta, who led the search, offered her advice. “It needs to be someone who whenever they walk into a room you are glad to see them and want to have them as part of any conversation,” the campaign official quoted Podesta telling her. Kaine’s first appearance with Clinton will be on Saturday at an event in Miami, a campaign aide said. “Just got off the phone with Hillary. I’m honored to be her running mate. Can’t wait to hit the trail tomorrow in Miami,” Kaine said on Twitter. Liberal groups, which had pressured Clinton not to pick Kaine because of his support for fast-track authority for the White House to negotiate the Trans-Pacific Partnership, were dismayed by the choice. Critics of the Asia free-trade deal, including Trump and Clinton’s Democratic primary rival Bernie Sanders, say it would be unfair to U.S. workers and kill jobs. Clinton praised the deal when she was secretary of state, but has since distanced herself from it. “Republicans will run hard against Democrats on trade this year. Unfortunately, since Tim Kaine voted to fast-track the Trans-Pacific Partnership, Republicans now have a new opening to attack Democrats on this economic populist issue,” said Stephanie Taylor, co-founder of the Progressive Change Campaign Committee. Hispanic activists also may be annoyed with the pick of Kaine given that Latino candidates were again passed over, though some Latino advocacy groups praised the choice. “She has chosen a running mate that has a track record of advocating and fighting for the issues that affect the Latino community and our nation: immigration, healthcare, women’s rights and the environment,” said Ben Monterroso, executive director of Mi Familia Vota.  Top Republicans were quick to criticize Clinton’s choice. The Trump campaign called Kaine “an ethically challenged insider” and called Clinton and Kaine a “Status Quo” ticket. “If you think Crooked Hillary and Corrupt Kaine are going to change anything in Washington, it’s just the opposite,” campaign aide Jason Miller said in a statement. Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus condemned the pick, saying Clinton spent the past week pandering to Sanders and grassroots Democrats, and now “has chosen someone who holds positions that she’s spent the entire primary trying to get to the left of.” But Republican Senator Jeff Flake of Arizona, who has been critical of Trump, said on Twitter that he was trying to count the ways he hated Tim Kaine. “Drawing a blank. Congrats to a good man and a good friend,” Flake said.  Kaine could help Clinton in Virginia, a heavily contested swing state, and choosing Kaine will not cost Democrats a seat in the Senate, where Republicans now hold a majority. Virginia’s Democratic governor, Terry McAuliffe, a close Clinton friend and ally, will name a replacement for Kaine if he and Clinton win the White House. Some Democrats who know Kaine well dismissed fears that he lacks the toughness to stand up to Republican attacks, given how deftly Trump chewed up “low-energy” Jeb Bush and “little Marco” Rubio in the Republican primaries.     “It’s not the Donald Trump sledgehammer. But he’s not a shrinking violet,” said Luke Albee, a former chief of staff to Democrat Mark Warner, the senior U.S. senator from Virginia.     Albee, who has watched Kaine up close over the years, added, “I wouldn’t mistake a thoughtful and genial disposition for an inability to really forcefully articulate differences.” Kaine has good relations with senators from the opposing party, according to senior Senate Republican congressional aides. One aide speculated Kaine would be effective in reaching out to congressional Republicans if he becomes vice president, a role that Vice President Joe Biden has played for Obama. Kaine, a member of the Senate Foreign Relations and Armed Services committees, has been a leading voice calling for a formal authorization of war against the Islamic State militant group. He played an important role in securing congressional review of the 2015 international deal on Iran’s nuclear program, although he eventually backed it. He has a track-record of backing liberal causes such as ending across-the-board automatic budget cuts and providing a pathway to citizenship to millions of undocumented immigrants.        Kaine, a Catholic who became fluent in Spanish speaker while serving as a missionary in Honduras, has expressed personal opposition to abortion, but has a public record in support of abortion rights. ",1
8651,Trump pulls nearly even with Clinton after Republican convention: Reuters/Ipsos poll," NEW YORK (Reuters) - Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has pulled nearly even with Democratic rival Hillary Clinton for the first time since May, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll taken over the course of the Republican National Convention in Cleveland this week.  The July 18-22 national online poll found that 41 percent of likely voters supported Clinton, while 38 percent supported Trump. Given the poll’s credibility interval of about 4 percentage points, Trump and Clinton should be considered to be about even in the race.  MORE ELECTION 2016 COVERAGE: Just before Republicans opened the convention on Monday, Trump had trailed Clinton by nearly 10 percentage points in the poll.  The New York businessman-turned-politician formally accepted the Republican nomination for the Nov. 8 presidential election during a convention at which the party at times struggled to show unity.  The week started with a dustup between convention leaders and delegates who wanted to change the party’s rules to derail Trump’s nomination. Later in the week, Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, who dropped out of the nomination race in May, refused to endorse Trump in a prime-time speech.  Yet, on the final night of the convention, Republicans gave Trump a standing ovation as he pledged to take back a country that he said is plagued by crime, terrorism and ineffective leadership.  Party conventions are partly meant to introduce the candidate to the country, and nominees tend to get a boost in opinion polls afterward. In 2012, then-Republican nominee Mitt Romney rose by about 5 percentage points in the Reuters/Ipsos poll after his party’s convention.  Clinton, who is expected to be formally nominated by her party at its convention in Philadelphia next week, has led Trump most of the year in the poll.  The last time Trump drew about even with Clinton was in mid-May, after his last two rivals for the Republican nomination dropped out of the race and party leaders started to get behind his campaign.  The Reuters/Ipsos poll was conducted in English in all 50 states with 1,036 likely voters.  ",1
8652,Women in male-dominated career fields watch a unique U.S. presidential campaign,"LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Dr. Linda Liau works with the precision of a master, peering into a patient’s head with magnifying loupes as she removes a brain tumor. When Liau was called into an emergency room as a surgeon more than 20 years ago to help treat a car crash victim, another member of the medical team assumed she was a nurse. Even today, the 49-year-old neurosurgeon sometimes gets a surprised reaction from new patients who were expecting a man.  Such an assumption is common in career fields dominated by men. Neurosurgery, welding, venture capitalism, construction, film directing and the electrical trade - these are six jobs where U.S. women have made inroads but are still vastly outnumbered. And one position, U.S. president, has never been filled by a woman. With presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton seeking to become the first to break that barrier, several women in career fields made up mostly of men told Reuters that they saw her candidacy as significant. “I think ultimately the goal would be to be gender-blind completely, so the fact that we’re even talking about having a female president as a novelty is, in a way, sad,” Liau said. On a construction site, Joundi White, 31, has often been reminded of her gender. Early in her career, the reminders were pet names such as “sweetheart” and “honey.” Now, she can rarely shake the sense that she is outnumbered. “I eat lunch alone,” White said. “I don’t have people to relate to at work.  “Don’t get me wrong, I identify more with the guys, but to them, ultimately, I’m just a girl.” Wearing a hard hat, White passes under heavy steel beams, walking along the commuter train tracks she is helping build in her working-class neighborhood in southern Los Angeles.  Welder Darlene Thompson, 45, is also no stranger to the construction site, or to the hostility that she says women often encounter in the field. These days, she teaches others as an instructor at Los Angeles Trade Technical College.  In a heavy coat and blue gloves, she looks from under her helmet at the white-hot flame of a welding torch.  It was a fight to learn these skills. More than a decade ago, when she began receiving job training as a welfare recipient, Thompson had to argue for the chance to study welding. Public assistance administrators wanted to push her toward cosmetology or culinary arts, she said.  Thompson did not say how she would cast her ballot in November but said she would not vote for Clinton just because the candidate is a woman. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s slogan has resonated with her. “When they talk about ‘Let’s make America great again,’” Thompson said, “what I think of is the companies in Detroit, the automotive industry going back to Detroit and giving back jobs.” A well-paid job as an electrician has opened up opportunities for Hannah Cooper, 28. For one thing, she was able to buy a house in the expensive Los Angeles real estate market. Sometimes, she will encounter someone on a construction site who knows her mother, Kelly Cooper, who also was an electrician.  “Everyone remembers her because there’s only a few women,” Cooper said. Kelly Cooper began as an apprentice in 1975. “You have to have thick skin to be anyone in the trade,”she said. “To be a woman in the trade, you have to have a particularly thick skin.”  She is now director of construction for the Los Angeles Department of General Services. Eva Ho, 44, is a woman working in the technology field, which is unusual enough. But she is also a venture capitalist, which is rarer still. “In some ways the V.C. career has really been an old boys club, and it’s been dominated by white men for the last three or four decades,” Ho said.  A graduate of Harvard and Cornell, Ho said she was drawn to work in technology because of its ability to drive social change. But she came late to it, never having used a computer until college. For the Burtons, who work together as filmmakers through their company Five Sisters Productions, their career had its seeds in their childhood as the daughters of a writer and a former professional musician.  Both parents were feminists who thought their five daughters could do anything, said Ursula Burton, a director, producer and actor.  Now the possibility of a female president could help create more opportunities for women, she said.  “Having a woman president opens up the presidency for girls,” Burton said, “and it will shift the perception for boys of what girls can do.”  ",1
8653,Hungary's Orban likes what he hears of 'valiant' Trump's security plans,"BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban on Saturday said Donald Trump had proposed security policies that Europe should take to heart to solve a security crisis he blames on uncontrolled immigration. Speaking at a summer university in Baile Tusnad, Romania, the Hungarian leader tied increased security threats to increased migration and cited Trump’s proposals at the Republican National Convention to combat terrorism. Orban is one of Europe’s most outspoken politicians and has in the past upset fellow members of the European Union over policy. Most recently he has taken a tough stance on Europe’s  migrant crisis, objecting to EU resettlement plans and calling for a razor wire fence to be built along his country’s southern border. Trump accepted the Republican nomination for president on Thursday with a speech that outlined an increased intelligence effort, an end to a “failed policy of nation-building and regime change” and a total suspension of immigration from states “compromised by terrorism.” He wants a wall to be built along the U.S. border with Mexico. Orban sought to buttress his own security proposals with Trump’s points. “I am not a Donald Trump campaigner,” he said in the televised speech. “I never thought I would ever entertain the thought that, of the open options, he (Trump) would be better for Europe and for Hungary. “But I listened to the candidate and I must tell you he made three proposals to combat terrorism. And as a European I could have hardly articulated better what Europe needs.” Orban has accused the EU of weakness in the face of a what he sees as a fundamental threat from more than a million migrants who arrived on the continent last year, with hundreds of thousands following them this year. For the most part, the migrants are fleeing the war in Syria. European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker has called Orban “Viktator” - a pun on Viktor and dictator - as a way of putting down the Hungarian’s views. But Orban also has supporters. Slovak premier Robert Fico, joined Orban’s court challenge of the EU’s mandatory migrant resettlement quotas. Tapping into Trump’s proposals to create “the best intelligence-gathering organisation in the world,” Orban said that Europe too needs to create a network of national intelligence agencies that ranks with the world’s best. He then took aim at some of his EU colleagues. “The second thing, said this valiant American presidential candidate, is to abandon the policy of exporting democracy. I could not have said it more precisely.” Orban said Western countries acted recklessly to remove the undemocratic but stable regimes in Libya, Syria and Iraq without guaranteeing stability in the aftermath, exposing Europe to a mass wave of migration. Worse, he said, instead of supporting the regimes that try to control the civil-war-torn countries in North Africa and the Middle East, Europe criticises them for democratic shortfalls. “If we keep prioritising democracy over stability in regions where we are unlikely to succeed with that, we will create instability, not democracy.” ",1
8654,Alaska's top court rejects parental notice for abortions,"SEATTLE (Reuters) - An Alaska law requiring doctors to notify the parents of girls under the age of 18 seeking an abortion violates the state’s constitution and cannot be enforced, the state’s top court ruled on Friday. The 4-1 decision marks a long-awaited victory for Planned Parenthood and other abortion-rights advocates in Alaska who argued the 2010 law violates the privacy of pregnant teens. It also comes on the heels of the U.S. Supreme Court decision to strike down a Texas abortion law imposing strict regulations on doctors and facilities in the strongest endorsement of abortion rights in America in more than two decades. A woman’s right to abortion was established in the court’s landmark 1973 Roe v. Wade decision, but several states have tried to restrict access to abortion through their own laws.  In Alaska, Planned Parenthood and doctors argued that the notification law was particularly threatening to vulnerable teens who live in abusive homes. Justice Daniel Winfree, writing for the majority, said that the notification law’s “discriminatory barrier to those minors seeking to exercise their fundamental privacy right to terminate a pregnancy violates Alaska’s equal protection guarantee.” Another justice, Dana Fabe, in a concurring opinion, wrote that “the Alaska Constitution permits a parental notification law, but not one that contains provisions that are among the most restrictive of any state’s notification laws.” The office of Alaska’s Attorney General did not immediately respond to a request for comment.  Alaska’s law required 48-hour advance notice to parents before a physician may terminate a minor’s pregnancy, though it allowed a minor to seek a judge’s permission to bypass the notice process and granted an exception for medical emergencies. The law took effect in 2010 after a Superior Court ruled that the state had an interest in promoting communication between a pregnant girl and her family. Christine Charbonneau, president and CEO of Planned Parenthood of the Great Northwest and the Hawaiian Islands, said in a statement that “We all want teens to be safe - and the sad truth is that some teens live in dangerous homes and can’t go to their parents.” ",1
8655,Kaine's crime-busting past may hurt Clinton's outreach to blacks,"RICHMOND, Va. (Reuters) - Democrat Hillary Clinton’s pick of Tim Kaine as her vice presidential running mate could hamper her efforts to reach out to African-American voters because of Kaine’s past embrace of crime-fighting strategies that have driven up the U.S. prison population and are unpopular in the black community. The now-defunct Project Exile that Kaine backed was so unusual it was championed by Republicans and Democrats alike and by both the top U.S. gun lobby group and gun-control advocates. But the federal program launched in 1997 in Richmond, Virginia, was also criticized at the time as a racially biased initiative that condemned young black men to lengthy prison terms. Clinton has come under fire herself from black activists for her past support for tough-on-crime policies of the 1990s now blamed for a surge in U.S. prison population and heightened tensions between law enforcement and black communities. One of her fundraisers got disrupted earlier this year by activists who asked her to “apologize for mass incarceration.”  Clinton named Kaine as her running mate late on Friday, making what is considered a safe choice for her battle against Republican presidential rival Donald Trump. As Richmond mayor from 1998 to 2001, Kaine, 58, was a vocal supporter of Project Exile, crediting it with reducing the city’s murder rate. Its goal was to literally live up to its name by making illegal gun possession a federal, not a state, crime, which allowed prosecutors to send convicted felons, most of them black, to a distant federal penitentiary for at least five years. Sam Sinyangwe, co-founder of Campaign Zero, a group focused on curtailing police violence, said Kaine’s choice could exacerbate Clinton’s problems rallying support of African-Americans, particularly younger people. “To select somebody like (Kaine) is not a sign of good leadership potential in a president,” Sinyangwe said. Nicole Lee, a civil-rights lawyer and activist in Washington, D.C. who is African-American, also expressed concern. “Project Exile broke black families,” she said. “This is not a benign thing to be for. These measures were not used against white kids in the suburbs with guns, they were used against black kids in the cities.” To defeat Trump in the Nov. 8 presidential election, Clinton needs high turnout among blacks and other minority voters to offset Trump’s popularity among white voters. During the 1990s, she supported tough-on-crime initiatives backed by her husband, former President Bill Clinton, but now vows to “end the era of mass incarceration.” Her campaign is trying to walk a political tightrope after the killings of two black men by police and the shooting deaths of police officers in Texas and Louisiana. She has offered support for the Black Lives Matter movement, while also strongly condemning the killings of police officers. Officials who were in Richmond during Kaine’s mayoral tenure believe the community, ravaged by the crack-cocaine epidemic and an escalating murder rate, had to take dramatic steps. Amy Dudley, a spokeswoman in Kaine’s Senate office, said the senator stood by the program, believing that it reduced gun violence. Jerry Oliver, the police chief at the time and an African-American, said the program focused on black communities out of necessity. “We had to be where the problems were,” he said.  The National Rifle Association, the nation’s biggest gun lobby, was an early proponent of Project Exile as was the gun-control advocacy group Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence.  As Richmond’s first white mayor in more than a decade, Kaine was widely credited for helping to bridge racial divisions in the city, but Project Exile drew fire from defense lawyers and community advocates who argued that the program unfairly targeted African-Americans. Kevin Ring, vice president of Families Against Mandatory Minimums, a Washington advocacy group lobbying against federal sentencing minimums, said that Kaine, like Clinton, will have to demonstrate to black voters that he has “evolved” on the issue.  “There are some that will be bothered. There will be questions,” Ring said. Kaine supports legislation that would roll back some mandatory minimum federal sentences and give judges more discretion, although his office says he still supports firm sentences for illegal gun possession. Kaine’s backing of Project Exile also makes him odd bedfellows with Trump, who has made law and order a central theme of his candidacy. Trump has called for the program’s revival and his campaign website said it was “tremendous.” ",1
8656,Judge tentatively rejects bid to toss Trump University lawsuit,"SAN DIEGO (Reuters) - A U.S. judge on Friday tentatively rejected Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s bid to dismiss a lawsuit by Trump University students who said they were defrauded through its real-estate seminars. U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel in San Diego told a hearing he would take under consideration arguments on both sides in the case and issue a written ruling in the coming weeks.  The 2013 lawsuit, one of three over the defunct Trump University venture, was filed on behalf of students who paid up to $35,000 to learn Trump’s real estate investing “secrets” from his “hand-picked” instructors.  The plaintiffs have sought class-action status. The cases against Trump University have regularly cropped up during the presidential campaign. Trump was roundly criticized in May when he accused Curiel, who is of Mexican descent, of being biased against him because of the candidate’s pledge to build a border wall between the United States and Mexico.  Curiel, who was born in Indiana, is presiding over two of the cases, with one set for trial in late November. A separate lawsuit by New York’s attorney general is pending in that state. Trump’s lawyers say Curiel should toss the 2013 California lawsuit on the grounds that the New York real estate mogul, though personally involved in developing the concept and curriculum, relied on other executives to manage Trump University by the time the plaintiffs purchased their seminars. “By 2007, his involvement was fairly minimal. He was not the person running this company. He founded it, he established it and he went off and let other people run it. It’s like any other celebrity endorsement,” Trump attorney Daniel Petrocelli said during the hearing. Trump’s lawyers claim references in marketing materials to “secrets,” “hand-picked” instructors or “university” were mere sales “puffery.” According to the defense, there is no evidence Trump intended to defraud students. Lawyers for the students say the wealthy developer conducted the marketing for Trump University more than anyone else, starring in and approving promotional materials. They claim Trump University instructors were high-pressure sales people, not “professors and adjunct professors” as Trump touted, and that New York authorities told Trump back in 2005 to stop calling his unaccredited venture a university.  “Somehow, belligerence trumps substance,” plaintiff’s attorney Jason Forge said. “If we say it loud enough, forcefully enough, it becomes true. Well, it doesn’t.” Trump owned 92 percent of Trump University and had control over all major decisions, plaintiffs’ court papers say. ",1
8657,Obama signs into law opioid addiction bill to protect newborns,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama on Friday signed into law a measure that pledges greater efforts to protect drug-dependent newborns and assist their parents. The Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act also stresses drug treatment and overdose prevention to help stanch the nation’s heroin and opioid drug epidemic. Obama said in a statement that 78 Americans die from opioid overdose every day, and noted that the legislation included only modest steps to address the epidemic. “I am deeply disappointed that Republicans failed to provide any real resources for those seeking addiction treatment to get the care that they need,” Obama said. “In fact, they blocked efforts by Democrats to include $920 million in treatment funding.” The bill was passed nearly unanimously by both the House of Representatives and the Senate. Efforts to enforce provisions to protect newborns and help their parents come in response to a Reuters investigation last year titled “Helpless & Hooked.” The new law requires that the federal government and every state follow a 2003 law that was routinely ignored. That law called on states to require hospitals and social services to report, track and assist drug-dependent newborns and their families. Reuters found that no more than nine states were following that requirement. Most children born to addicted mothers, including many mothers who were taking prescribed methadone, were not being reported by hospitals as required by law. Often, that was because medical workers feared involving child protective services, as the existing law requires. When cases were reported to social services, Reuters found, efforts to protect the child and help the parents often were limited. The failures came at a cost. Reuters found more than 110 babies since 2010 died under preventable circumstances after being sent home to families ill-equipped to care for them. Experts said far more children have likely died but gone uncounted. The new law promises a non-punitive approach that includes “safe care plans” aimed at keeping newborns at home with their parents, who will receive additional help. “This is a step forward for vulnerable babies who, due to an opioid dependency, will begin their lives facing enormous challenges,” said Senator Bob Casey of Pennsylvania, the ranking Democrat on the Senate subcommittee on children and families. “Reuters’ initial reporting shined a light on a darkness that had enveloped far too many lives. There is much more work to do but this is a genuine step forward.” Representative John Kline, a Minnesota Republican who chairs the House Committee on Education and the Workforce, which initiated the measure, said it will track state actions. “These reforms are an important part of our broader efforts to combat the nation’s opioid epidemic and provide these vulnerable families a better chance at a brighter future,” Kline said in a statement. In 2013, the latest year with nationwide hospital reporting, 27,315 babies were diagnosed with newborn drug withdrawal syndrome, a five-fold increase from a decade earlier. Reuters found that one drug-dependent baby was born on average every 19 minutes in the United States. Some suffer shaking, crying and feeding problems as they battle withdrawal. Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee, said the broader addiction law was “no more than a half measure” without more funding. Wyden has co-sponsored a measure setting aside money for substance abuse treatment for parents in danger of losing their children. It passed the House but stalled in the Senate. Jim Greenwood, a former Pennsylvania congressman who championed the 2003 law, said the deaths Reuters revealed represent “a national disgrace and glaring failure at the federal, state and local level to implement Plans of Safe Care for infants.” Greenwood, now president of a Washington, D.C.-based biotechnology group, applauded the new measure “to improve the health and safety of these babies and their families.” Stephen Patrick, an assistant professor of pediatrics at Vanderbilt University and leading researcher on the condition, said the new law is “good news” but added: “Wish there was funding that came with it.” ",1
8658,Trump leaves some on Wall Street wary and confused," NEW YORK (Reuters) - Donald Trump has said a lot of things that, were he a sitting U.S. president instead of a candidate for the job, could be expected to roil financial markets.  If investors were taking the Republican presidential nominee at his word, they would be selling shares of Apple Inc (AAPL.O), Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ.O) and Ford Motor Co (F.N), and cashing out of Mexican equities - all targets of Trump threats of boycotts, barrier walls or import taxes. Investors betting on a Trump presidency would be buying shares of U.S. companies that dealt exclusively with domestic customers and suppliers.  Yet the Trump trade is not much in evidence on Wall Street, where some market strategists and investors told Reuters they find it difficult to position their portfolios for his possible presidency, in part because many of his proposals are contradictory or lack specific implementation details.  MORE BUSINESS COVERAGE: Ex-Goldman banker Gordon Dyal beefs up M&A boutique Amazon makes its debut in the student loan business  More pain for U.S. crude Should Trump win the Nov. 8 election, some investors said, it is not clear how the New York businessman could push through policies that clash with mainstream Republican party views on free trade and low taxes.  “The investment community in particular is having trouble figuring out what (Trump) is about,” said Bruce McCain, chief investment strategist at Key Private Bank in Cleveland.  “They are not taking individual items as seriously as they would with other candidates,” he said.  Traders said they will be watching Trump’s speech at the Republican convention on Thursday night for signs of how he would address business and tax issues, though they expect scant detail.  The Trump campaign did not respond to calls and emails requesting comment on how investment strategists viewed his policies.  U.S. stock indexes have rallied to new highs as Trump received the nomination of his party on a platform that includes a proposal to reinstate the 1933 Glass-Steagall law that would require a breakup of the largest U.S. banks.  A Trump presidency “would not be good for markets at all,” because of the uncertainty among investors about his true priorities, said Paul Zemsky, chief investment officer of multi-asset strategies and solutions at Voya Investment Management in New York.  Zemsky, however, said he has not so far been selling securities because of Trump. “It’s hard to react to things that are said because of the lack of specificity, and the probability of him being elected is still low so changing your portfolio because of him is not likely to be profitable,” he said.  To be sure, Trump has supporters on Wall Street. Anthony Scaramucci, founder of SkyBridge Capital, has backed Trump and said he would be good for the economy because he would cut back on business-limiting regulations, such as those governing bank investments and labor policies. He also thinks Trump would bring in tax reform.  Although never elected to public office, Trump defeated 16 Republican rivals to win the nomination. He trails Democratic rival Hillary Clinton by 7 percentage points, narrowing the gap from 15 points late last week, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Tuesday.  If Trump’s stated proposals were carried out, that could leave the economy significantly weaker because they would result in large federal budget deficits and an anti-global stance that could hurt trade, according to a June analysis by Moody’s Analytics chief economist Mark Zandi.  Zandi forecast the loss of 3.5 million jobs during a Trump administration alongside a drop in stock prices and real estate value.  Trump has said he would renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement with Mexico and Canada, build a wall between the United States and Mexico to stop illegal immigrants, and raise a 35 percent tariff on products made in Mexico by Ford and United Technologies Corp’s (UTX.N) Carrier Corp.  Yet there has been no selloff of Mexican stocks, which are up 10 percent so far in 2016. That is the best gauge of investment reaction to Trump, said Jack Ablin, chief investment officer at BMO Private Bank in Chicago.  “For the most part,” Ablin said, “that suggests to me the investment community has not considered a Trump presidency a probable scenario at this point.”  ",1
8659,Obama: dark Trump vision 'doesn't really jibe' with facts,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The dark vision of America under siege described by Donald Trump in his acceptance speech for the Republican presidential nomination does not mesh with reality, U.S. President Barack Obama said on Friday. Obama noted that the “birds were chirping and the sun was out” for most Americans after Trump’s Thursday night speech, which expounded on the threats to America from illegal immigrants, Islamic State militants, and race-related violence. “This idea that America is somehow on the verge of collapse, this vision of violence and chaos everywhere, doesn’t really jibe with the experience of most people,” Obama said at a White House news conference after meeting with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto. Obama said the violent crime rate in America has been lower during his 7-1/2 years in office than any time during the last three or four decades, despite an “uptick” in murders in some cities this year, and the recent high-profile killings of black men and police officers. The timing of Obama’s quickly arranged short meeting with Pena Nieto presented both leaders with a convenient platform from which to criticize Trump. Just three weeks ago, Obama - who has six months left in the White House - invited the Mexican president to visit one last time before the U.S. president leaves on Jan. 20. Trump has pledged to build a wall at the Mexico border to keep out illegal immigrants and drugs, and to force Mexico to pay for it. The New York businessman has also promised to slap tariffs on some U.S. products made in Mexico, and seek radical changes or even discard the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) between the United States, Mexico and Canada. Pena Nieto was first to mention Trump, but said he respected both Trump and presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, and would work with constructively and in good faith with whoever wins the Nov. 8 election. In March, Pena Nieto likened Trump’s “strident tone” to the ascent of dictators Adolf Hitler and Benito Mussolini. But he said on Friday that he had never pointed the finger at any of the candidates, saying that anything he had said had been taken out of context. And he stressed that the two nations’ futures were closely bound. “The closeness between the United States and Mexico is more than a relationship between governments. It’s a solid and unbreakable relationship between millions of people who live in both nations,” Pena Nieto said. Obama said the rate of illegal immigration is down from past decades, and praised Mexico for helping to address a flood of migrants fleeing Central America and for work on drug trafficking. “A Mexico that has a healthy economy, a Mexico that can help us build stability and security in Central America, that’s going to do a lot more to solve any migration crisis or drug trafficking problem than a wall,” Obama said. Obama and Pena Nieto praised the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal as addressing some of the criticisms of NAFTA. Both Trump and Clinton have said they oppose the TPP, which has yet to be ratified by the U.S. Congress. “There are going to be different visions about where we should go as a country,” Obama said, running down a list of economic issues facing the nation. “But we’re not going to make good decisions based on fears that don’t have a basis in fact,” he said. ",1
8660,Former Ku Klux Klan leader Duke runs for U.S. Senate in Louisiana,"BATON ROUGE, La. (Reuters) - David Duke, a former leader of the white supremacist Ku Klux Klan, launched his candidacy on Friday for the U.S. Senate from Louisiana, saying white people are threatened in America and that he hears echoes of his views in Donald Trump’s rhetoric. Duke, a Republican, is a former Louisiana state legislator and unsuccessful candidate for governor who served a 15-month federal prison sentence after pleading guilty in 2002 to felony charges of tax evasion and mail fraud. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee, drew criticism in February for failing to quickly disavow support from Duke. At a news conference in Baton Rouge after officially filing as a candidate to succeed outgoing Republican Senator David Vitter, Duke, 66, said he watched Trump’s speech accepting the Republican presidential nomination on Thursday in Cleveland and heard echoes of his own past political platforms. “I don’t really care what Donald Trump says about me. I respect what he’s doing,” Duke said. In an online video announcing his candidacy, Duke also said, “I’m overjoyed to see Donald Trump and most Americans embrace most of the issues that I’ve championed for years.” In his video, Duke said he believes in equal rights and respect for all Americans but “what makes me different is I also demand respect for the rights and heritage of European-Americans.” Duke’s announcement came as Louisiana’s capital grapples with racial tensions after the fatal July 5 shooting by police of a black man named Alton Sterling and the July 17 shooting deaths of three police officers by a black U.S. Marine Corps veteran. In his comments to reporters, Duke called the Black Lives Matter protest movement that arose after a series of killings of black men by police in various U.S. cities a “terrorist group.” Duke said that “European-Americans” need a politician to fight for their interests and that white people are threatened in the United States. Duke, the former Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan, said he was no longer affiliated with the group. ‘HATE-FILLED FRAUD’ Duke’s announcement drew and swift and scathing condemnation from Republican leaders and others. The Republican Party of Louisiana called Duke a “felon and hate-filled fraud” who does not embody Republican values. Ward Baker, executive director of the National Republican Senatorial Committee, which supports Republican candidates in Senate races, said Duke will never get the organization’s backing. Louisiana does not hold party primaries. Instead, candidates from all parties are placed on the same ballot. If no one wins a simple majority in the Nov. 8 election, the top two vote-getters enter a runoff. Duke used this system to his advantage when he ran for governor in 1991 and made it to a runoff against former Governor Edwin Edwards, who had left office under a cloud of controversy for misconduct in office. Other candidates seeking to replace Vitter in the Senate include Republican U.S. congressmen Charles Boustany and John Fleming. Vitter did not seek re-election to the Senate after a prostitution scandal helped derail his bid to become Louisiana governor. “I strongly denounce the racism, bigotry and anti-Semitism of David Duke. His views are a relic of ancient history and are repugnant to Louisianians,” Boustany said.  A spokesman for Fleming said the congressman “is wholly focused on uniting Louisiana voters of all races, creeds and religions.”  In February, Trump initially blamed his failure to reject Duke’s support on not having heard an interviewer clearly.  “I disavowed David Duke all weekend long, on Facebook, on Twitter, and obviously, it is never enough,” Trump told NBC’s “Today” show after being widely criticized. ",1
8661,"Trump accepts Republican nomination, vows to put 'America first'","CLEVELAND (Reuters) - Donald Trump accused Democratic rival Hillary Clinton of a legacy of “death, destruction, terrorism and weakness” as U.S. secretary of state and vowed to be tough on crime and illegal immigrants in a speech on Thursday accepting the Republican presidential nomination. Trump’s 75-minute speech was designed to set the tone for the general election campaign against Clinton, an answer to Republicans who say the best way he can unify the divided party is to detail why the Democrat should not be elected on Nov. 8. As the crowd chanted: “Lock her up” for her handling of U.S. foreign policy, Trump waved them off and said: “Let’s defeat her in November.” Thousands of supporters who were gathered in the convention hall roared their approval.  When it was over, Trump was joined on stage by family members as balloons cascaded from above and confetti blew around the arena. A CNN snap poll of viewers of the speech said 57 percent had a “very positive reaction” to the address and 18 percent a somewhat positive reaction, while 24 percent said it had a negative effect. Social media sentiment toward Trump based on tweets that mentioned his name was slightly more negative than positive shortly after his speech.  The acceptance speech by Trump, 70, closed out a four-day convention that underscored his struggle to heal fissures in the Republican Party over his anti-illegal-immigrant rhetoric and concerns about his temperament. The event was boycotted by many big-name establishment Republicans, such as 2012 nominee Mitt Romney and members of the Bush family that gave the party its last two presidents. Trump presented a bleak view of America under siege from illegal immigrants, threatened by Islamic State militants, hindered by crumbling infrastructure and weakened by unfair trade deals and race-related violence. Accusing illegal immigrants of taking jobs from American citizens and committing crimes, Trump vowed to build a “great border wall” against the border-crossers. “We will stop it,” Trump said. Trump took positions in conflict with traditional Republican policies. He said he would avoid multinational trade deals but instead pursue agreements with individual countries. He would renegotiate the NAFTA trade accord linking the United States, Canada and Mexico. He would penalize companies that outsource jobs and then export their foreign-made products back into the United States. “We will never sign bad trade deals,” Trump thundered. “America first!” The New York businessman, who has never held elected office, filled his speech with some of the bravado he used to win the Republican nomination over 16 rivals, punctuating his rhetorical points by waving an index finger. “I have joined the political arena so that the powerful can no longer beat up on people that cannot defend themselves,” Trump said. “Nobody knows the system better than me, which is why I alone can fix it.” In his speech, Trump portrayed himself as a fresh alternative to traditional politicians, willing to consider new approaches to vexing problems and help working-class people who may feel abandoned. Laying out his case against Clinton, he denounced nation-building policies that were actually put in place to some extent by George W. Bush, without mentioning by name the Republican president who launched wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. Trump said policies pursued by Clinton in Iraq, Libya, Egypt and Syria had made a bad situation worse. He blamed her for the rise of Islamic State militants and blasted her willingness to accept thousands of Syrian refugees. “After 15 years of wars in the Middle East, after trillions of dollars spent and thousands of lives lost, the situation is worse than it has ever been before. This is the legacy of Hillary Clinton: death, destruction, terrorism and weakness,” Trump said. Clinton senior adviser John Podesta dismissed the speech as painting “a dark picture of an America in decline” and called it a reminder that Trump “is temperamentally unfit and totally unqualified to be president of the United States.” John Weaver, a senior adviser to Ohio Republican Governor John Kasich, a former presidential rival to Trump, said in a tweet that Trump had delivered the “saddest, darkest, most depressing acceptance speech in modern history.”  Trump needed a strong performance on Thursday night to improve his chances of getting a boost in opinion polls as Democrats prepare for their own, more scripted convention next week in Philadelphia. In a contest that pits two politicians viewed as unfavorable by large segments of the American people, Trump also accused Clinton, 68, of being the puppet of big business, elite media and major donors who want to preserve the current political system. “That is why Hillary Clinton’s message is that things will never change. My message is that things have to change – and they have to change right now,” Trump said. Trump said he would speedily address the violence that has dominated headlines, such as the shooting deaths of five Dallas police officers earlier this month. He vowed to defeat “the barbarians of ISIS,” the acronym for Islamic State. “I have a message for all of you: The crime and violence that today afflicts our nation will soon come to an end. Beginning on Jan. 20, 2017, safety will be restored,” Trump said. The next president takes office on Jan. 20. The prevailing narrative at the Cleveland convention has not been about Trump’s positions, but dominated instead by the failure of he party’s various factions to unite behind Trump. A series of distractions at the convention largely thwarted a bid by the Trump campaign to show him as a caring father and magnanimous business leader who would bring greater prosperity and safety to the United States.  But in the end, many of these points were made when Ivanka Trump, Trump’s daughter, introduced her father. “I have seen him fight for his family. I have seen him fight for his employees. I have seen him fight for his company and now I am seeing him fight for our country,” she said. Trump’s text of his speech, released by his campaign,  included extensive footnotes to show where the material originated. That was perhaps in reaction to the speech given on Monday night by Trump’s wife Melania, who was accused of plagiarism when she repeated lines from a 2008 speech by Michelle Obama, Obama’s wife. A staff writer for the Trump Organization later took responsibility for the misstep. ",1
8662,"Obama, after meeting Mexican leader, praises Mexico as critical partner","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama said on Friday after meeting with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto that Mexico is a critical partner to the United States on a host of issues, including security and climate change. “I am proud of what we’ve achieved together,” Obama told the Mexican leader, noting that with the heated rhetoric of the U.S. presidential election campaign, Mexico’s importance to the United States as a major trading partner and neighbor is often not acknowledged.  ",1
8663,Obama says U.S. cannot wall itself off from economic globalization,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama said on Friday that globalization is a fact that “we’re not going to be able to build a wall around” but that it was important to work to shape the process so that it benefits not just big companies but small firms as well. The U.S. leader, speaking at a news conference with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto, said the Trans Pacific Partnership trade deal currently being worked on has taken into account some of the weaknesses and criticisms of the North American Free Trade Agreement and sought to address those. ",1
8664,Mexican leader says respects U.S. presidential candidates,MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto said on Friday he respects both of the leading candidates to be the next president of the United States and will seek a “frank and open” dialogue with the eventual winner. Pena Nieto make the comments at a joint appearance with U.S. President Barack Obama at the White House in Washington. ,1
8665,Undocumented immigrants given roles at Democratic convention,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Democratic Party has selected a handful of undocumented immigrants for official roles at next week’s Democratic National Convention, in a bid to highlight the gaping policy divide on immigration between White House hopeful Hillary Clinton and Republican rival Donald Trump. Clinton is hoping to drive Latino voters to the polls on Nov. 8 to shore up her chances against Trump, who has campaigned on a promise to crack down on illegal immigration by building a wall along the Mexican border and deporting millions of undocumented foreigners if elected. “Our nation is a nation of immigrants that believes in being inclusive, and that’s exactly what we will continue to work toward,” said Leah Daughtry, the chief executive officer of the committee organizing the July 25-28 convention in Philadelphia. “The voices of our nation’s brave undocumented youth will be heard loud and clear,” Daughtry added. The picks include two members of the convention credentials and platform committees, as well as several speakers. The positions are unpaid, officials said. Trump’s campaign, which has argued that unchecked immigration hurts American workers and undermines national security, criticized the move. “Apparently speaking at Hillary Clinton’s convention is just one more job Hillary Clinton thinks Americans won’t do,” a Trump campaign aide said in an emailed statement. “She should have instead invited unemployed Americans, or victims of crime, or law enforcement.”  The selections are legal because of a “deferred action program” adopted by President Barack Obama’s administration, which postpones deportations and provides work authorization for some immigrants brought to the United States as children. The Supreme Court blocked efforts to expand those protections last month. The nominations mark the first time a major U.S. political party’s convention has featured so many undocumented workers among its ranks. While there was an undocumented speaker at the 2012 Democratic convention, the party has not previously tracked the immigration status of its committee members. “It changes the whole conversation when you have someone directly affected at the table,” said Cesar Vargas, a Mexican immigrant chosen for the party’s policy platform committee.  Hareth Andrade, 23, an undocumented immigrant from Bolivia who was approved under a deferred action program, was picked for the credentials committee. The convention will also feature at least two undocumented immigrant speakers, Astrid Silva and Francisca Ortiz. Clinton already has overwhelming support from minorities. Some 70 percent back her, compared with 9 percent for Trump, according to recent Reuters/Ipsos polling, suggesting that she could have a strong chance in states like Florida, Nevada and Colorado that swing between voting Democratic and Republican in presidential elections.  However, voter turnout among Latinos has traditionally been low, hitting only about 40 percent in 2012, meaning her challenge is to get more of them to cast ballots this year. Luis Fraga, co-director of the Institute for Latino Studies at the University of Notre Dame, said showing a commitment to progressive reform of U.S. immigration policy could help Clinton do that.  He called immigration a gateway issue for minority voters that can help engage them. That’s especially so because even Latinos born in the United States are often not far removed from family members who are immigrants themselves.  “Although it’s not their individual experience, it is their family’s experience,” Fraga said. ",1
8666,A divided Republican party: Donald or Ivanka for president?," CLEVELAND/NEW YORK (Reuters) - At times, the speech was drowned out by the cheering crowds in the arena of the Republican National Convention. Social media crowned a new political star. Some Republicans said they were seeing the U.S. president they longed for.  It was Ivanka Trump’s night.  The eldest daughter of New York businessman-turned-presidential nominee Donald Trump almost stole the show on Thursday night with a speech about her father that roused a packed Cleveland convention hall, broadcast to millions.  READ OUR TOP STORIES:  Verizon emerges as front-runner in Yahoo auction OPINION - Dumb money: How political mega-donors got it wrong Silicon Valley leads avalanche of quarterly reports On Google, there were more searches for Ivanka Trump than for her father.  The 34-year old businesswoman and former model talked about her father’s yearning to improve America, childcare, equal pay for women and other issues close to her heart, with a poise some found befitting of the White House.  “Okay, why isn’t @IvankaTrump running for President?” television actor Anson Mount said in a Twitter post.  “One of the best speeches - if not the best speech - tonight,” said Chris Herrod, a 50-year-old delegate from Utah who had worked for Trump’s vanquished rival Ted Cruz, the U.S. senator from Texas.  One of Trump’s five children, Ivanka was chosen to introduce her father, who then officially accepted the Republican Party’s presidential nomination. Since Trump announced his intention to run for the White House last year, she has been steadily drawn into her father’s presidential campaign along with her 35-year-old husband Jared Kushner.  The couple both take part in the Trump campaign’s “family meeting” each Monday morning, helping make decisions about spending and strategy, according to a source familiar with the meetings.  Among the children, Ivanka is the one who is often the bridge to women voters and seems to have the mission of selling her father’s softer side. When she is not involved in the campaign, she helps to run the family’s sprawling business empire from its New York City headquarters.  This week in Cleveland she has been everywhere, lobbying for her father with delegates and donors, appearing in television interviews and leaving a trail of picture-taking fans in her wake. One man, a Republican delegate in Cleveland, carried a placard all week around the convention that read: “Ivanka, 2024. First Female President.”  Her star turn in Cleveland was one of the top trending topics on Twitter late on Thursday, with about 121 tweets mentioning her name posted every minute. Overall sentiment on her was more positive than negative by a ratio of 3 to 1, according to analytics firm Zoomph.  Ivanka missed her one chance to date to vote for her father: she had not changed her party registration from Democrat to Republican in time to cast a ballot in the April 19 New York primary election.  She more than compensated on Thursday night, some convention delegates said.  “She gave us enormous insight into him and the kind of man he is,” said retiree Fernando C. deBaca, a 78-year-old New Mexico delegate. “She’s (an) enormously capable young lady, as is her brother. We’re going to see the beginning of a dynasty here.”  ",1
8667,"To wonks hungry for policy details, Trump team serves lighter fare","CLEVELAND (Reuters) - People seeking a deeper understanding of Donald Trump’s economic policy came up empty-handed this week at the Republican National Convention. Best known to Americans previously as a reality TV host and having never held public office, the New York businessman on Thursday accepted the party’s nomination for the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election. The party establishment has fretted over some of his plans to curb illegal immigration, renegotiate trade deals and levy tariffs on China. Trump’s skepticism about free trade puts him at odds with Republican orthodoxy. Wall Street investors are wary and confused. In speeches from the main stage and in panel discussions on the sidelines, the four-day convention was notable for a paucity of policy details, the result perhaps of a desire to play down differences among the party faithful. The lack of specifics was too much for one head of a multinational corporation, who complained at a business forum that he had no idea what to expect from Trump, a New York real estate developer.  “We feel anxious,” said Michael Thaman, chief executive officer of Owens Corning, which operates in 25 countries. “In business, obviously details matter.” Trump offered little insight himself in his convention-ending acceptance speech. He spoke in broad, thematic strokes without much detail, sticking closely to positions he had outlined during 13 months of campaigning. “Americanism, not globalism, will be our credo,” Trump said. Speakers in Cleveland placed a greater emphasis on defeating the presumptive Democratic nominee, Hillary Clinton, than on what Trump has called the failed economic policies of President Barack Obama. On Tuesday night, when the theme was “Make America Work Again” and the economy was the designated topic, a rough search by Reuters of the prime-time speeches found some 80 mentions of the word “Clinton” compared to about 15 mentions of “economy.” According to transcripts of the speeches delivered at the convention, only Trump’s son Donald Trump Jr. mentioned Dodd-Frank, the financial oversight law many Republicans rail against.  Asked on Thursday, before the older Trump’s speech, about the shortage of policy specifics, his campaign spokeswoman Hope Hicks said:  “The campaign is pleased with the convention program, the content of which has been diverse and dynamic and we look forward to an exciting conclusion tonight.” Douglas Holtz-Eakin, who was chief economic policy adviser to Republican presidential nominee John McCain in 2008, was not satisfied with his experience. He described taking part in a panel discussion on Wednesday with two Trump advisers, television commentator Larry Kudlow and Steve Moore of the conservative Heritage Foundation, that he said was light on details. “‘Isn’t Mr. Trump bad on trade?’” he said someone would ask.  “‘Yes, but we’re going to fix it. Don’t worry.’ “‘Isn’t his tax plan a problem that’s going to lose $12 trillion?’  “‘Yes, but we’ll fix it. Don’t worry.’” Kudlow and Moore also appeared on Tuesday at an event hosted by conservative advocacy group FreedomWorks, along with donor Andy Puzder, the chief executive of CKE Restaurants, which owns fast-food restaurants Hardee’s and Carl’s Jr. The group discussed trade and immigration policy, with panelists at times shrugging off Trump’s lack of specifics. “All you really need to know is the alternative is Hillary Clinton,” Puzder said at one point, reinforcing the week’s theme.  Republicans typically use their nominating conventions to emphasize their candidates’ main policy points. Think tanks and lobby groups hold panel discussions. Experts circulate white papers.  With Trump, the events were built more around his personality and the need for the party to unite behind him.    There were some such gatherings in Cleveland, but fewer than usual, Holtz-Eakin said. Some advisers to past Republican candidates suspected Trump was not relying on a vast team of policy advisers.  Lanhee Chen, an adviser to 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney, sorted through convention speeches in 2012 before speakers delivered them because, he said, he wanted to make sure they hewed closely to Romney’s positions. “I imagine the Trump campaign doesn’t have that process in place because they don’t have a lot of policy to talk about,” Chen said. “It just says that policy hasn’t been a priority for them. You end up with a situation where the candidate is making pronouncements that don’t seem particularly well informed.” Some delegates who spoke to Reuters seemed unconcerned by the policy-light approach to the convention, arguing that it was more important for the gathering to whip up enthusiasm among the delegates and forge unity. “This is more of a party,” said Ray Suttle, a 53-year-old lawyer and delegate from Virginia. “You don’t like people talking shop at a cocktail party, do you?” ",1
8668,"Clinton faces pressure to pick VP who is tough on trade, Wall Street","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Members of the Democratic Party’s liberal wing on Thursday nervously awaited Hillary Clinton’s announcement in coming days of a vice presidential running mate, urging her to choose someone who opposes a massive Pacific free trade deal and backs tough Wall Street reform. Two U.S. senators, Tim Kaine and Cory Booker, and Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack were among the contenders, according to a Democratic source with knowledge of the discussions. “After promising to oppose the TPP, it’s important for Clinton to pick someone who shares that position,” said Stephanie Taylor, co-founder of the Progressive Change Campaign Committee The Trans-Pacific Partnership free trade deal, known as TPP, became a key issue during the primary season, with critics contending that it would be unfair to American workers. Clinton’s chief rival for the Democratic nomination, Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, has headed the effort on the U.S. left to oppose the TPP and trade deals like it. The Democratic source said that while Clinton’s decision was being closely held, there were “vibes” she may be leaning toward Kaine as a partner to take on Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and his vice presidential running mate Mike Pence in the Nov. 8 election. But the source said that the consideration of Vilsack, a former governor of Iowa, “is real,” even if Kaine, a senator from Virginia who is also a former governor of the state, might have an edge. Clinton “wants somebody who will be a reliable partner she can trust and make the policy decisions” and potentially step into the presidency, the source said, adding that Clinton sees Kaine as someone who would “fit that bill.” Hispanic-Americans, meanwhile, continued to push for a first-ever Latino on the Democratic ticket. “For our members that kind of a message would certainly resonate,” said Yvanna Cancela, political director for the Culinary Workers Union in Las Vegas. “It is way past the time for when we have a Latino in one of the highest offices in the country.” Labor Secretary Thomas Perez and Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julian Castro had both been mentioned. Others have also come under consideration. The source added that U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, a favorite of the party’s liberal wing and a fierce critic of Wall Street, received close consideration by Clinton but would not provide the “right balance” for the ticket. Others have also been under consideration in recent days, including Booker, to see if they hit a “surprise” chord with Clinton, the source said. Booker, an African-American, is a first-term senator and a former mayor of Newark, New Jersey. Both Kaine and Vilsack have backed free-trade deals like the Trans-Pacific Partnership negotiation by the Obama administration, encompassing about 40 percent of the world’s economies stretching from Japan to Chile. Critics include Trump as well as Sanders. Clinton herself has distanced herself from the trade deal.  Taylor said that it is “also important she pick someone committed to strong Wall Street reform,” saying that the “wrong pick” could hamper Democrats’ drive to keep Trump from winning the White House. Booker traveled to Cleveland to defend the Clinton campaign, which has come under continued attack at the Republican convention there this week. “The vile and the viciousness, it doesn’t reflect who we are as a country,” Booker said of the Republican convention, in an interviewed with MSNBC. Asked about his appearance Thursday on Clinton’s official Instagram account, Booker said it should not be read as tea leaves about a potential vice presidential pick.  “You have a social media-minded person and I understand this platform,” he said.  The Democratic source knowledgeable about the process said Clinton could announce her running mate as early as Friday in Florida. She will campaign there in the run-up to next week’s Democratic convention in Philadelphia, where Clinton is expected to be formally nominated. Another Democratic source said Clinton might wait until Saturday to help keep the media focused on the Republican convention in Cleveland, where opposing wings of that party were in open warfare.  Television interviewer Charlie Rose, speaking with Clinton recently, noted that some view Kaine as “boring.” Clinton responded, “I love that about him.” Susie Tompkins Buell, a founder of the Esprit fashion label and close friend of Clinton, on Thursday would not comment on who might be the choice. But Buell, a major donor to Clinton’s campaign, said the person would be a “high contrast” to Trump’s choice of Pence. ",1
8669,Trump NATO plan would be sharp break with decades-long U.S. policy,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican foreign policy veterans and outside experts warned that the suggestion by Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump that he might abandon NATO’s pledge to automatically defend all alliance members could destroy an organization that has helped keep the peace for 66 years and could invite Russian aggression. “Statements like these make the world more dangerous and the United States less safe,” Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, a Trump critic who is one of the Republican Party’s leading foreign policy voices and a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said in a statement on Thursday. “I can only imagine how our allies in NATO, particularly the Baltic states, must feel after reading these comments from Mr. Trump. I’m 100 percent certain how Russian President Putin feels – he’s a very happy man,” he said.Trump’s comments in a New York Times interview “would seem to put him on the same page with Mr. Putin,” Richard Armitage, who was deputy secretary of state in the George W. Bush administration, said in an interview with Reuters. In the New York Times interview, Trump, in response to a question about potential Russian aggression toward the Baltic states - Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia - said that if Moscow attacked them, he would decide whether to come to their aid only after reviewing whether those nations “have fulfilled their obligations to us.” He added, “If they fulfill their obligations to us, the answer is yes.” “It’s the end of NATO,” Robert Hunter, a former U.S. ambassador to the alliance under President Bill Clinton, told Reuters. “The essence of NATO, more than any other single factor, is the commitment of the United States of America to the security of the other 27 members.” Asked about Trump’s comments, European Union foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said the EU knows it needs to “work more on our defense capabilities,” but said the United States needs to keep solidarity with its allies. “It’s very simple to realize that in the world of today, which is quite a complicated one and quite a dangerous one, you need friends,” said Mogherini, who spoke in Washington at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace. A letter signed by a bipartisan group of 39 national security experts said Trump’s “inflammatory remarks” do not represent the interests of the United States. “The strength of our alliances is at the core of those interests,” said the group, which includes prominent Republicans such as former Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff and former State Department official Eliot Cohen. The United States must uphold the North Atlantic Treaty Organization’s commitments “to all of our allies, including Poland, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania,” the letter said. U.S. Senator Bob Corker, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said the mutual defense commitment was the essence of the Atlantic alliance. But he added that both Republicans and Democrats “are becoming exasperated that most members of the alliance are not honoring their obligations” for military spending, Corker, a Tennessee Republican, said in a statement. Responding to Trump’s suggestion that his decisions would depend in part on whether states that were attacked were meeting their financial commitments to the alliance, former diplomat Richard Haass, president of the Council on Foreign Relations, said it is important not to see NATO or any alliance solely in budget terms. “More important is the net benefit the U.S. derives from the stability and security of the country and region affected and the price the U.S. would pay if stability were to be lost or its interests undermined,” Haass told Reuters. Article 5 of the Washington Treaty, which created NATO in 1949 and calls an attack on one member an attack on all, has been invoked once - to help defend the United States after the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001. Following the attacks, NATO sent AWACS planes to patrol over U.S. skies, with more than 800 crew members from 13 NATO countries flying over 360 sorties. As part of the eight measures approved to support the United States, NATO, about three weeks later, sent elements of its Standing Naval Forces to patrol the Eastern Mediterranean and monitor shipping, expanding that to include the entire Mediterranean several months later. A NATO official, speaking on condition of anonymity, also noted that the alliance “deployed a third of the troops in Afghanistan for over a decade, where over one thousand soldiers from non-U.S. NATO allies and partners gave their lives.” Still, some experts downplayed Trump’s comments, even as they criticized them. Kurt Volker, who was U.S. ambassador to NATO under both Republican President George W. Bush and Democratic President Barack Obama, said it was inadvisable to create doubts in adversaries’ minds about the consequences they would face if they invaded a country. “Putin loves it,” Volker said. But he said the general European attitude was to take Trump’s pronouncements with a grain of salt. “Everyone knows it’s an election campaign,” he said. ",1
8670,"Kerry says U.S. remains committed to NATO alliance, security commitments","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Obama administration, like every U.S. administration since 1949, remained committed to the NATO military alliance and  security commitments under the treaty, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said on Thursday.  “I want our NATO partner to be clear where we stand. This administration, like every single administration Republican or Democratic alike since 1949, remains fully committed to the NATO alliance and to our security commitments on the Article 5,” Kerry told a news conference. He was responding to comments by Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, who told the New York Times that if elected he might abandon NATO’s guarantee that any member, including the United States, would defend the others if they were attacked. ",1
8671,"As Republicans anoint Trump, party grapples with identity crisis","CLEVELAND (Reuters) - On the floor and corridors of the basketball arena hosting the Republican National Convention, in restaurants and bars, hotel lobbies and conference rooms across Cleveland, the talk was of the rise of Donald Trump, whose unlikely presidential candidacy has caused seismic fractures in the Republican Party. While the venues changed, the question didn’t: Where do we go from here? This was the week that Trump was officially nominated as the Republicans’ 2016 presidential candidate and was effectively given control of a party whose leaders have criticized him for his incendiary rhetoric, personal attacks on fellow Republicans, and tendency to stray from decades-old party orthodoxy.  He packed the convention hall with his grassroots army of supporters, who seemed almost completely disinterested in his policy positions, even though they could reshape the party for years to come on core issues like trade, immigration and foreign policy. Those who were interested - party veterans, lawmakers, donors and lobbyists - found little clarity in any of the speeches delivered from the convention stage or in conversations with members of the Trump campaign. Are we still a party that embraces free trade and free markets, they asked. Are we still committed to ending abortion rights? Do we want to create a path to legal status for undocumented immigrants or ship all of them out of the country? Paul Ryan, speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives and the most powerful elected Republican, acknowledged that Trump has transformed his party. But he hedged on whether he believes Trump’s impact will be lasting or simply a temporary phenomenon that will dissipate if he loses on Nov. 8.  “I don’t know the answer to that question. I really have no idea,” Ryan said at an event in Cleveland. Trump had changed the party, he said, but “how specifically and in what direction, I don’t know.”  Even after two days of speeches, Utah delegate Matt Throckmorton was still trying to figure out what a Trump presidency would mean for the Republican Party. “What happens next?” asked Throckmorton. In many way the uncertainty about Trump reflects the conflict within the Republican electorate. The party has struggled to find consensus on a number of key issues, according to Reuters/Ipsos polling during the 2016 campaign season. For example, when asked in March about international trade, the same number of Republicans said it “creates jobs” as said it “causes job losses.” When asked about abortion in June, the number of Republicans who wanted it to be illegal “in all cases” was matched by those who wanted it to be legal “in most cases.”  Trump had his biggest stage on Thursday night, when he officially accepted the party’s nomination, to spell out his vision of where he would take the Republican Party if he won the presidency. But his speech, rich in rhetoric, offered scant detail beyond sweeping promises to put “America first.” “If this Trump speech - and this GOP platform -  defines what a Republican is today, then it’s hard to say I’m one. Hard for a lot of us,” tweeted Tony Fratto, a White House spokesman under President George W Bush.  A week earlier, Republican activists were celebrating the adoption of a deeply conservative political platform that condemned gay marriage and opposed abortion with no exceptions, among other things. Trump’s lineup of speakers at the convention this week barely referenced it.  “It’s a little bit frightening,” said Chris Herrod, another Utah delegate, explaining that the platform was one of the main ways delegates could help shape party policy. “And he seems to have an attitude of just completely disregarding it.”  Trump campaign spokeswoman Hope Hicks said Trump was “the future of the Republican Party.” Away from the floor, some anti-Trump Republicans were quietly debating whether it would be better in the long-term interests of the party to lose the White House in November. “This week we’re having some real anguished discussions,” said Vin Weber, a former congressman from Minnesota. “People are falling in line” with Trump, Weber said, “but what does this party believe?” Take trade, for example. Republicans have long been the party of free trade, but Trump has said current trade deals have impoverished American workers and wants to renegotiate them or in some cases block them altogether, like President Barack Obama’s signature Trans-Pacific Partnership. Newt Gingrich, a former House speaker and a close Trump ally, worked to ease fears that a Trump administration would derail the U.S. economy by scrapping trade alliances. “He has no interest in breaking up the world market,” Gingrich told a group of diplomats, adding that Trump was, in fact, committed to free trade with some added protections for American companies.  “Now how Trump will work this out, I have no idea,” Gingrich added. Some attendees at the convention expressed the hope that Trump would align himself with many of their cherished conservative values but admitted they just didn’t know what he would do once he was in office. They would have found little solace in Gingrich’s remarks to the diplomats. “You will not know what he’s doing every morning, because he will not know what he’s doing every morning,” Gingrich told them, suggesting a Trump presidency would be similar to his candidacy - reactive, spontaneous and centered almost entirely around Trump’s instincts. But Trump’s instincts are sometimes at odds with key elements of the party. For example, he has been more accepting of gay rights and has see-sawed on abortion rights, first defending them and then saying he opposes abortion.  “Conservatives are prepared to believe Trump might be wrong 20, 25, maybe 30 percent of the time,” Richard Viguerie, a veteran Republican activist, told Reuters at an anti-abortion event. But, Trump’s opponent, Democrat Hillary Clinton, “will be wrong 100 percent of the time.” Asked if Trump supported the conservative social values espoused in the platform, he laughed. “Well, I don’t know,” he said. “We’ll have to wait and see.” Some lawmakers at the convention dismissed some of Trump’s most provocative proposals, like his vow to deport an estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants, as unlikely to be implemented.  “Full-blown deportation is not going to sell politically and I don’t think a Republican Congress, or any Congress, would stand by and watch it happen,” Representative Tom Cole of Oklahoma told a group of convention attendees.   Some Republicans believe should Trump lose, the party will simply return to its more traditional conservative principles.  “The Republican Party is bigger than any one candidate, even a presidential candidate,” said Frank Luntz, a Republican pollster. But Trump supporters said those Republicans were in denial and that Trump had permanently wrested control of the party away from the establishment elites.  “Where’s Mitt Romney, where are the Bushes?” said Mary Lou McCoy, who had traveled to Cleveland from Buffalo, New York, referring to the 2012 Republican nominee and the Bush political dynasty. “The people have spoken.” ",1
8672,"Glitzy parties, bowling: Scenes from the other Republican convention","CLEVELAND (Reuters) - Bourbon flowed, a jazz band played, and pink and violet lights bathed the vaulted stone ceilings at a party thrown by a liquor producers’ lobby group on Monday for attendees of the Republican National Convention. Seven blocks away in Cleveland, in the arena where Donald Trump was to officially accept his party’s nod for the White House, a fight boiled over between Trump supporters and foes about the rules concerning his nomination. Delegates shouted at each other. The chairman tasked with keeping order briefly abandoned the podium. Microphones went dead. Typically, the Republican convention that takes place every four years is a tale of two conventions. At the official one, activists from all 50 states come to hear testimonials about their party’s presidential nominee and watch the candidate’s official coronation. At the other, Republicans in the professional class - strategists, lobbyists, pollsters, lawmakers - rub elbows at cocktail hours and concerts, woo donors at power breakfasts and toss back booze at night, all the while conducting informal business, swapping pledges of support and plans for the future. This year, the disconnect between the two conventions seemed more pronounced, several lobbyists and activists said, and some parties were more subdued. The Distilled Spirits Council’s soiree, normally a jam-packed affair, drew a more modest crowd this year, according to some Republicans who have attended it at past conventions. The council’s senior vice president, Frank Coleman, pooh-poohed the idea that attendance was down. “It was a very large venue,” he said, saying that the party still attracted about 700 people over the course of the evening. Republican strategist Ron Bonjean said there was a muted tone at some Cleveland gatherings, which he attributed to the unique relationship between Trump and his party’s establishment. Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican presidential candidate and a former Massachusetts governor, and Senator John McCain, the party’s 2008 nominee, hailed from the establishment and had extensive ties with businesspeople and strategists who are convention regulars. By contrast, Trump, a real estate developer and former reality TV star who has never held elective office, clinched the Republican nomination by touting his outsider status.  “You have a non-politician, a Hollywood entertainer trying to show Americans he’s fit for office, and you have Republicans who are used to coming to these things for years,” Bonjean said. The two groups, he said, weren’t mixing so smoothly. Inside the convention arena on Thursday evening, Trump fans cheered, danced to a band and roared support for a succession of speakers as they awaited the event’s finale - Trump’s speech formally accepting the nomination. But in bars and parties nearby, there was hardly any clapping and cheering as those same scenes flashed across televisions. Some Republicans flew in to Cleveland for only for a day or two, to host events for lawmakers and clients, then left before Trump’s Thursday night speech. One lobbyist for a large industrial conglomerate, who spoke on condition of anonymity, had a mission in Cleveland that had little to do with Trump: mingling with congressional Republicans and showing support for their re-election efforts. The informal convention did still take place, although more subdued. One strategist skipped a night of speeches and pageantry to gamble at a nearby casino. He won $8,000. A group of three made quick glances at a TV screen as Trump’s wife, Melania, spoke on Monday night, checking on her progress between turns at a bar with bowling lanes that had been converted to a private lounge. But there were constant reminders that Cleveland was different. As an outsider, Trump lacks the kind of donor network that is typical of major party candidates and only recently has begun to ramp up his fundraising. Before the convention started, companies that habitually donate to the RNC withheld pledges or withdrew them, leading organizers to ask casino mogul Sheldon Adelson, a generous party benefactor, for an urgent donation. A strategist who asked for help to raise a last-minute $15,000 to sponsor food and drinks at a country music concert for delegates could not find any corporate donors willing to pony up. Eight of the 12 people he contacted said they were skipping the convention entirely. On Tuesday, Trump passed up a chance to forge closer ties with more big donors when he failed to appear at a breakfast  held on the field of the new football stadium in town, according to a report in Time magazine. Later that day, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie met with donors to brief them on plans for a team that would ease Trump into office if he wins the Nov. 8 election against Democrat Hillary Clinton. Such gatherings often attract billionaires and other moneyed luminaries. A man in charge of fundraising surveyed attendees in the modestly sized conference room and declared, “I think I see about $600,000 in here.” ",1
8673,"They held a convention in Cleveland, and (so far) few protesters came","CLEVELAND (Reuters) - Kirtland Park, on the shores of Lake Erie near downtown Cleveland, was designated as a place where hundreds of protesters could camp during the Republican National Convention. It is less than a quarter full. One measure of the shortfall: With about 10 transportable toilets on hand Tuesday night and about 15 tents, the city was providing one plastic commode for every two campers.  U.S. political conventions typically are protest magnets, and the Republican National Convention that nominated Donald Trump as its presidential candidate after a bitter primary campaign had been seen as a major draw. But three days in, the crowds were far smaller than expected.  Activists said deadly attacks on police in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and Dallas had scared off some would-be protesters. Others saw the presence of “open carry” gun-rights advocates as a threat to their safety. Cleveland’s heavy police presence discouraged others, protest leaders said. “I’m extremely disappointed with turnout,” said Lee Garnett, a 39-year-old tech worker who came from San Francisco to protest Trump’s nomination. As he stood in Kirtland Park on Tuesday night, about two dozen activists listened to a man strum a guitar and sing. Garnett said friends had backed out. “It was fear of violence. Fear of violence from the police and fear of violence from the Trump supporters,” he said, citing Trump’s prediction in March of riots if he were denied the nomination.  City records show three of five officially permitted protests planned for the first three days of the convention did not occur. Either organizers canceled events or supporters failed to take part, city officials said.  The American Civil Liberties Union had won a court battle to reduce the size of the security area around the convention hall, arguing that people needed more space to exercise their free speech rights. But the designated 1.7-square-mile (440-hectare) “event zone” easily accommodated the few hundred protesters on hand at any given time. At rallies, police officers appeared swiftly and often outnumbered the protesters. On Wednesday, police arrested 18 people - the biggest number of the convention so far - after they scuffled with police while trying to set fire to an American flag near the convention entrance. Cleveland has put 500 police officers on the streets, backed by about 3,000 reinforcements from as far away as California and Texas. Hundreds of cops on bicycles, with others on foot and horseback, have directed and controlled crowds.  “It has a chilling effect on the exercise of free speech, which is so critical in a democratic society,” said Terry Gilbert, a veteran Cleveland civil rights lawyer. “That’s dangerous. I think that could change the whole dynamic of protest.” Cleveland police say the events have gone smoothly so far, with little violence and only 23 convention-related arrests through Wednesday. Cleveland activist Art McCoy, founder of civil rights group Black Man’s Army, which often protests against police use of force, said his group is not marching. “We’ve decided to be still and observe,” McCoy said, adding that he doubted convention protests would change relations between minorities and local police. “The convention is just a distraction.” Local activist Rachelle Smith said the Dallas shooting, in which five people were killed, influenced her choice to act as a legal observer and adviser rather than leading protests. “I expected numbers to be bigger – whether from people coming in from out of town or people from Cleveland getting involved,” she said. But Christine Link, executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union of Ohio, said Clevelanders have little experience assembling large-scale protests.  “Cleveland is not Chicago or New York,” she said. “We don’t have the activist networks, we don’t have the populations of those cities.” Ann Wright, 70, a member of the antiwar group Code Pink who  traveled from Honolulu, said the same fear that caused some to stay home prompted her to travel to Cleveland.  “People who have privilege - I’m a white woman, I’m a retired lieutenant colonel - have to do this because we can,” said Wright, a former U.S. Army officer and former U.S. diplomat. Protest organizers were not giving up. On Wednesday, a group of immigrant-rights activists donned ponchos with a brick pattern and stood shoulder to shoulder in what they called a human wall. Trump has promised to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border. “It’s a beautiful sight,” Ivan Vargas, a 28-year-old business consultant from Atlanta, said as the march kicked off. “These are people who are ready to put their bodies on the line.”  At the end of the event, piles of unworn ponchos remained on the ground. ",1
8674,Pentagon revises law of war manual after criticism of press treatment,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Pentagon on Friday updated its law of war manual after a previous version came under fire for appearing to allow commanders to treat journalists as belligerents or spies. The U.S. Department of Defense manual, the first and most comprehensive of its kind, was first released last June. It compared some of the tasks of journalism to spying or other hostile actions by an enemy. The manual said some journalists may be considered “unprivileged belligerents” — a legal category with fewer protections than combatants, such as prisoner-of-war status. “Reporting on military operations can be very similar to collecting intelligence or even spying,” one passage of the manual said. Press freedom advocates said the manual’s wording blurred the line between journalists and combatants and gave commanders the authority to detain reporters without charge. They also warned that it would erode U.S. credibility abroad at a time when journalists are being targeted by governments and militant groups. Sixty-nine journalists were killed for their work in 2015, according to the Committee to Protect Journalists, up from 61 in 2014. In 2015, 199 journalists were being detained worldwide, compared to 221 in 2014. After the manual’s release last year, news organizations including Reuters met with Pentagon officials to protest the language and ask for changes.  The revised manual provides greater detail on the legitimate purposes that journalists serve and makes clear that journalists have all the rights of civilians. Press freedom groups, including CPJ and Reporters Without Borders, praised the revisions. Advocates said the new manual acknowledged journalists’ right to interview enemy combatants and placed the onus on commanders to discern between the actions of reporters and combatants. “These are major changes,” said Frank Smyth of the CPJ. “This affirms the rights and the practice of open and independent reporting on the battlefield.” The Pentagon eliminated the passages comparing reporting to spying or hostile acts, but gives specific examples of how an act of reporting could result in the loss of civilian status. Journalists could still be considered unprivileged belligerents, the manual states, if they were a member of a non-state armed group and were carrying out propaganda “or other media activities.” Journalists could also lose their civilian status in certain cases, such as relaying target coordinates for an artillery strike against opposing forces, the manual said.  The new manual also eliminates language that called for journalists to seek permission from “relevant authorities” for their work “to avoid being mistaken for spies.” That passage drew criticism for setting an unrealistic standard for war reporting, in which frontlines can shift quickly. To cover conflicts in Libya or Syria, for instance, reporters often have to cross borders illegally. Pentagon officials also said they would be willing to revise the manual again if needed. “The department’s mission is to defend the very freedoms that journalists exercise,” the Pentagon’s top lawyer, Jennifer O’Connor, said in a statement. “We have learned a lot during this process, and the department and the manual are better off for the experience.” ",1
8675,Peter Thiel tells Republican convention he is 'proud to be gay',"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Silicon Valley investor Peter Thiel, the only big-name supporter of Donald Trump from the country’s technology hub, spoke on Thursday at the Republican National Convention to urge the country to discard petty cultural battles and turn its attention to solving the United States’ economic decline. Thiel offered a full-throated endorsement of Trump, echoing the Republican candidate’s themes of economic decline while  lambasting economic and foreign policies that have allowed the country to get embroiled in “stupid wars.” “Our nuclear bases still use floppy disks. Our newest fighter jets can’t even fly in the rain,” Thiel said on the final evening of the four-day convention in Cleveland. “Instead of going to Mars, we have invaded the Middle East.” A co-founder of PayPal and an early investor in Facebook Inc  who sits on that company’s board of directors, Thiel is well-known for contrarian and even eccentric views: a Libertarian who supports gay rights and legalizing marijuana, and who has proposed floating cities beyond the government’s reach while encouraging students to drop out of college and start companies. His support of Trump has been both a source of curiosity and the butt of jokes in Silicon Valley, where Trump’s anti-immigrant, anti-trade positions are regarded with horror. Many tech executives lean Democratic, and prominent Republican tech executives such as Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co Chief Executive Officer Meg Whitman have also rejected Trump. Thiel, who is gay, was expected to address gay rights in front of a political party whose platform rejects gay marriage and gay rights in general. He stopped short of such an appeal, however, addressing his sexuality only when saying: “I am proud to be gay. I am proud to be a Republican. But most of all, I am proud to be an American.” He is only the second openly gay man to address the Republican National Convention, CNN reported. “When I was a kid, the great debate was about how to defeat the Soviet Union, and we won,” Thiel said. “Now we are told that the great debate is about who gets to use which bathroom. This is a distraction from our real problems. Who cares?” Thiel said his support for Trump was based on the belief that the candidate could address the country’s economic decline. He cited the space program and other government technology achievements as examples of what has been lost. Thiel drew parallels between himself and Trump each as a “builder.” His family emigrated from Germany when Thiel was one year old, and arrived in Cleveland - the city hosting this week’s convention. When Thiel pointed that out, he got loud applause. Back then, Thiel said, “Opportunity was everywhere.” “In 1968, the world’s high-tech capital wasn’t just one city. All of America was high-tech.” ",1
8676,White House calls for Malaysian transparency in wake of fund scandal,"WASHINGTON/KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - The White House urged Malaysia on Thursday to demonstrate good governance and a transparent business climate, a day after U.S. prosecutors sued to try and seize $1 billion in assets they said were bought with money stolen from a state development fund. The civil lawsuits present a potentially thorny issue for the two countries that have grown closer during the administration of President Barack Obama, who has visited the southeast Asian nation twice in the last two years. The lawsuits will likely affect relations, but they did not come as a surprise, said a U.S. congressional aide. “It has been a concern of a lot of people for a long time. Corruption in Malaysia is a huge problem,” the aide said. No criminal charges have been filed in the scandal surrounding Malaysia’s 1MDB sovereign wealth fund, which was overseen by Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak. Obama spoke generally with Najib on a visit to Malaysia last year about the need for transparency and good governance, White House spokesman Josh Earnest said at a news briefing. “For business interests who are considering doing business in Malaysia, they’re going to be looking for signs that there is good business climate,” Earnest told reporters. The Malaysian government “should be conspicuous about making clear that they’re committed to transparency and good governance, and the kind of rules that will encourage people who are considering investing in Malaysia’s fast-growing economy to have confidence that they can do so fairly,” Earnest said. Najib said in response to the lawsuits that his government would give its full cooperation to international investigations of the 1MDB case. Malaysia’s foreign minister Anifah Aman met the U.S. Ambassador to Malaysia Joseph Yun on Thursday to discuss the lawsuits. “Malaysia highly values its bilateral relations with the United States and calls on the U.S. to recognize the various steps taken by the Government of Malaysia to address the 1MDB issue,” the ministry said in a statement on Thursday night. Malaysia’s Attorney-General Mohamed Apandi Ali, however, expressed “strong concerns at the insinuations and allegations” of wrongdoing against Najib in the lawsuits.  He said in a statement that none of the probes conducted by law enforcement agencies across the globe over the past year show that any funds were misappropriated from 1MDB. The U.S. investigation is the largest set of cases brought by the Justice Department’s Kleptocracy Asset Recovery Initiative, which seeks the forfeiture of the proceeds of foreign corruption. Targeting assets ranging from valuable paintings and a private jet to the 2013 hit movie “The Wolf of Wall Street” and rights to popular songs, the civil lawsuits said $3.5 billion was misappropriated from 1MDB. 1MDB said in a statement that it was not a party to the lawsuit, did not have any assets in the United States, “nor has it benefited from the various transactions described.” ",1
8677,"Trump warns he could end NATO guarantee, scrap NAFTA","CLEVELAND (Reuters) - Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said he might abandon NATO’s guarantee of mutual defense and would renegotiate or scrap the NAFTA trade deal if he is elected, drawing fire from some senior Republicans and his Democratic rival. In response to a question about potential Russian aggression against the Baltic states, Trump told the New York Times that  Washington would help defend other NATO members only if they had “fulfilled their obligations to us.”  All three Baltic states, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, are former Soviet republics and now NATO members. Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort did not dispute the quotes, saying they were consistent with the candidate’s desire to modernize the United States’ international treaties.  But national security officials and some Republicans said abandoning NATO’s mutual defense guarantee, enshrined in  Article 5 of the treaty, would abandon 66 years of U.S. foreign policy and threaten the world’s most powerful military alliance. Also weighing in was the campaign for Democrat Hillary Clinton, the former secretary of state and Trump’s likely opponent in the Nov. 8 election. “Trump has apparently decided that America lacks the moral authority to advance our interests and values around the world,” Clinton’s senior foreign policy adviser, Jake Sullivan, said in a statement.      Senate Republican Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told CNN he disagreed “totally” with Trump’s comments on NATO. “It’s the most important military alliance in world history. It remains relevant today. Many Americans don’t know that the operation in Afghanistan is a NATO operation,” McConnell said, adding: “I want to reassure our NATO allies that we will come to the defense of any member that is threatened.” U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, a former presidential rival of Trump, said Trump’s remarks made the world more dangerous and the United States less safe. NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said on Thursday he would not interfere in the U.S. election campaign but that allied solidarity was a key value for the group. “This is good for European security and good for U.S. security,” the NATO head said in a statement. “The United States has always stood by its European allies.” Trump previously said he would force allies to shoulder more of the defense costs that the United States has borne for decades, cancel long-standing treaties he considers unfavorable, and redefine what it means to be a partner of the United States.Stoltenberg said defense spending among European allies and Canada rose last year for the first time in many years. In 2016, he said, he expected a further 3 percent increase, or $8 billion. TRADE DISPUTESTrump has railed against the NAFTA trade deal with Canada and Mexico as a U.S. job killer and was quoted as saying in the New York Times interview that he would be prepared to scrap it if he could not negotiate much better terms for the United States. The North American Free Trade Agreement took effect in 1994 during the administration of President Bill Clinton, the husband of Hillary Clinton. Unlike the NATO treaty, U.S. laws appear to give presidents  significant authority to renegotiate foreign trade deals without consulting Congress, trade experts said.     “Trump as president would have an enormous amount of discretion,” said Barry Bosworth, a fellow at the Brookings Institution and a former White House staffer.     If elected, Trump could unilaterally terminate NAFTA or any other free trade deal, although a court would likely have to decide if the president had that authority, said Gary Hufbauer, a former deputy assistant secretary for trade at the Treasury Department.    NAFTA was enacted by a law passed by Congress, but Article 2205 of the agreement allows any party to withdraw from the deal with six months’ notice, and Hufbauer said U.S. courts would likely allow Trump to make that decision.     “The president has a lot more power than is generally recognized,” said Hufbauer, currently at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, a Washington think tank.     ",1
8678,"U.S. may take movie, music roles in Malaysia fund asset seizure","NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. government may become a movie and music industry player, at least temporarily, after moving to seize $1 billion in assets that prosecutors said were bought with money looted from the Malaysian state development fund.  The 2013 movie “The Wolf of Wall Street” and an interest in the rights of EMI Music Publishing are among the targets of civil lawsuits that are filled with allegations that Malaysian officials, their relatives and associates laundered the fund’s money and hid it in property, artwork and luxury goods in the United States. Seizures of assets by government authorities are fairly common, but they more typically involve sports cars, yachts and jewelry bought with drug trafficking proceeds or with profits from white-collar crime. The case of the Malaysian sovereign wealth fund 1MDB announced on Wednesday is unusually large and involves some out-of-the-ordinary assets, such as rights associated with the dark comedy film starring Leonardo DiCaprio as a corrupt New York stockbroker. The film could make another $100 million in the near future, a box office analyst said. According to the lawsuits, a Malaysian national involved in creating 1MDB, Low Taek Jho, used about $10 million from 1MDB to invest in the film and separately used about $107 million to buy “a substantial interest” in EMI, the world’s third-largest music publishing company by revenue.  Low did not respond to requests for comment sent to his Hong Kong-based company, Jynwel Capital. U.S. government-seized assets are usually sold off at auction to raise money for victims. Until that can happen, U.S. authorities must maintain the assets, officials said. The U.S. Marshals Service manages and auctions seized assets. If a judge approves the seizure of 1MDB-linked assets, the usual process would be followed, Justice Department spokesman Peter Carr said. The assets would be initially restrained so their owners could not sell or transfer them. Any profits generated would be held in escrow until the case was resolved, Carr said. “We would sell those interests and, if possible and appropriate, use the proceeds of those sales for the benefit of the victim citizens in Malaysia,” Carr said in an email.  In the 1990s, the government owned shares in a California casino and through a trustee helped to manage it, putting Washington for a short time in the gambling business. A Marshals Service spokeswoman said she did not immediately know if the agency had previously auctioned film and music royalty rights. The agency had 17,564 assets on hand as of September 2015, valued at $3.1 billion, its website said. Court papers filed by the Justice Department would, if approved by a judge, grant sweeping powers to the Marshals Service to manage the 1MDB-linked assets. Under a proposed restraining order, Red Granite Pictures, which produced “The Wolf of Wall Street,” would have to maintain present contracts related to the film and “allow the United States to join in and direct key business decisions about day to day operations.” In a statement, Red Granite said that to its knowledge, none of the money it received was illegitimate and that co-founder Riza Aziz and the company did nothing wrong. Aziz is the stepson of Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak, who oversaw the 1MDB fund. The Justice Department lawsuits said that high-level officials of 1MDB corruptly diverted more than $3.5 billion from the fund over six years. ",1
8679,"""Make Republicans Whole Again!"" A divided party struggles to rally behind Trump","CLEVELAND (Reuters) - Ted Cruz was recounting to an audience how he had outlasted most of his 16 rivals for the Republican presidential nomination when a plane carrying the man who had won it all, Donald Trump, flew overhead, interrupting him mid-speech. “All right, that was pretty well-orchestrated,” said Cruz, a Republican U.S. senator from Texas who waged a bitter campaign against Trump. Hours later Cruz would take his revenge, refusing to endorse Trump and urging Republicans to vote their conscience during a prime-time speech on the floor of the Republican National Convention in Cleveland. He left the podium to a chorus of boos, and his wife was escorted off the floor as the convention erupted in rancor. Susan Hutchison, chair of the Washington state delegation, said she confronted Cruz after his speech and called him a “traitor to the party.” So much for party unity. Over three days in Cleveland this week, Republican leaders sought to sell a story of unity. They repeatedly said the party was getting ever closer to rallying behind Trump, who is running on the slogan “Make America Great Again!” and whose candidacy has divided many and exposed deep discontent among  Republicans with their leaders.  But in a few minutes on Wednesday night that show of unity was blown apart in spectacular fashion. Cruz’s non-committal speech infuriated Trump supporters among the thousands of delegates cramming the floor of the Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland. But their angry jeers triggered recriminations from other delegates.   “They talk about unity and then they act like that. That is not going to get us to unify,” said Manette Merrill, a Cruz delegate from Washington state.  Trump will get the opportunity to rally the party when he formally accepts its nomination on Thursday night in a speech expected to be watched by millions of Americans, including undecided and independent voters. One of Trump’s key goals going into this week’s convention was to unite the party after a roughly 18-month primary season that was marked by personal attacks on candidates, sometimes violent rallies, and deep disagreement over what it means to be a Republican. In public and in private the Trump campaign tried to win over skeptics who feel the New York businessman and celebrity TV star does not represent the party’s values. It took a harder stance against opponents, for example shutting down a desperate last-minute bid on the convention floor early in the week to stop his nomination.  “It’s like a slow crawl,” former Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele said of the unity drive as he made the rounds at the convention. “You’re kind of doing it. You’re kind of looking around to see if anyone else is doing it,” he told Reuters.  But almost from the start there were blatant signs of party disunity.  Ohio Governor John Kasich, who lost to Trump in the nomination fight and disagrees with Trump on a host of issues, declined to attend the convention held in his own state. Instead, he greeted his supporters at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame close to the convention arena to the blaring tune of The Who’s “Baba O’Riley” with lyrics like, “I don’t need to fight to prove I’m right.” Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort told reporters that Kasich was “embarrassing his state” by refusing to get on the Trump train. His remarks were a reminder of the sort of insults that many Republicans had hoped would disappear after a brutal primary season that was characterized by Trump’s often personal attacks on his opponents. The pleas for unity were frequent in Cleveland, led by House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, the top elected Republican, who has been slow in warming to Trump. “What do you say that we unify this party at this crucial moment when unity is everything?” Ryan asked thousands of convention attendees on Tuesday night. It was the biggest applause line of his speech - delegates cheered, clapped and waved signs. But U.S. Senator Mike Lee of Utah, one of the “never Trump” holdouts, is still not convinced.  “Federalism and separation of powers – if he focuses on that, he brings along a lot of conservatives like me who haven’t been sold yet,” Lee told Reuters. “He needs to make that a distinct part of his message.” Trump and his surrogates have offered scant policy details so far at the convention, nor have they been able to put to rest questions about whether they are capable of mounting a sophisticated presidential campaign to take on his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton. The convention has been overshadowed, for example, by controversy surrounding his wife Melania’s convention speech - which included lines uttered by first lady Michelle Obama at the Democratic convention in 2008 - and the campaign’s initial reluctance to admit the plagiarism. Some Republicans thought it was an unnecessary distraction at a time when the party should be focused on selling itself and its new leader to Americans.  Others said that if Trump was really serious about uniting the party he would reach out to his vanquished foes on the campaign trail, including Cruz and Kasich.   Ken Cope, a Texas delegate who had backed Cruz for president but will vote for Trump, said the New York businessman needs to “swallow his pride” and stress the contributions his 16 defeated rivals made to the primary process instead of belittling them. “He’s a prideful man and he’s proud of what he is but we’re in a general election campaign and it’s going to take all of us pulling on the rope if we’re going to pull the ship to the final line,” Cope said. Still others said Trump needed to be more disciplined. Trump supporter John Whitmer, a delegate from Wichita, Kansas, said Trump made a mistake by going on Fox News on Monday night to rail against Kasich as speakers were lauding his candidacy at the televised convention. “You just stepped on your best act,” Whitmer said. “I get that you want to talk about Kasich, but everybody needed to be watching what was going on there.” After Wednesday night, the best hope for the Republican Party to come together may rest on Clinton, who was frequently vilified at the Cleveland convention this week. She will be formally nominated as the Democratic presidential nominee at her party’s convention in Philadelphia next week. When asked if the party was unified, former Speaker of the House of Representatives and close Trump adviser, Newt Gingrich, replied: “No, but we will be by the end of Philadelphia.” “Trump will get us to 90 percent unity. She’ll get us the rest of the way.”  ",1
8680,"Trumping Trump, Vattenfall to build Scottish wind farm near golf resort","STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Sweden’s Vattenfall will invest 3 billion Swedish crowns ($349 million) in a Scottish offshore wind farm that U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump tried to stop being built near his luxury golf course in Scotland. State-owned utility Vattenfall, which will take 100 percent ownership of the project from Aberdeen Renewable Energy Group, described its investment as a vote of confidence in Britain after the nation’s decision to leave the European Union. “The decision to invest ... comes only a few weeks after the British referendum on leaving the EU and demonstrates Vattenfall’s continuing long-term commitment to wind power in Great Britain,” the company said in a statement. Scotland’s First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has said she would not rule out the possibility of Scotland remaining in the EU. Sturgeon said that a second independence referendum is now a possibility, though she has also emphasized that another vote would not take place until it is clear that most Scots are in favor of breaking from the United Kingdom. Vattenfall said the wind farm will have capacity of 92.4 megawatts, which could potentially supply about 130,000 households with energy. It will also serve as a center for testing and developing new technologies for offshore wind power. In December last year Britain’s top court threw out a bid by Trump to stop the 11-turbine wind farm from being built near his multimillion-dollar resort. The Trump Organization had denounced the Scottish government as “foolish, small minded and parochial”. The Scottish National Party’s foreign affairs spokesman Alex Salmond replied that Trump was “three times a loser”. Construction is expected to start in the latter part of 2017, with the wind farm expected to start generating electricity in spring 2018. Onshore construction activity will start later this year. ",1
8681,U.S. has 'ironclad' commitment to NATO mutual defense: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States has an “ironclad” commitment to mutual defense among the NATO allies, the White House said on Thursday after Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump raised questions about whether he would defend NATO allies if they were attacked. White House spokesman Josh Earnest declined to directly address Trump’s comments to The New York Times but said potential foes should make no mistake or miscalculation about Washington’s readiness to defend its NATO treaty allies. “The U.S. commitment to that pledge is ironclad,” Earnest told a briefing. “The president renewed that commitment just two weeks ago today when he traveled to Warsaw, Poland, to attend the NATO summit.” ",1
8682,NATO chief stresses solidarity among NATO allies,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said on Thursday he would not interfere in the U.S. election campaign, but said that solidarity among allies was a key value for the group. “This is good for European security and good for U.S. security,” the NATO head said in a statement. “The United States has always stood by its European allies.” Stoltenberg’s comments came after Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump raised fresh questions about his commitment to automatically defend NATO allies if they were attacked, the New York Times reported.   ",1
8683,"Ted Cruz jeered for refusing to back Trump, exposing Republican rift","CLEVELAND (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Ted Cruz refused to endorse Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump at the party’s convention on Wednesday, drawing angry jeers from Trump supporters and shattering the facade of party unity that has been carefully built up in Cleveland this week. Anti-Trump Republican delegate Ken Cuccinelli told Reuters he escorted Cruz’s wife, Heidi, off the floor of the Republican National Convention out of concern for her safety following her husband’s speech. For the third day in a row, what was supposed to be a carefully scripted show of unity was thrown into turmoil by unexpected events that have raised questions about whether the party can unite around Trump to defeat the presumptive Democratic nominee, Hillary Clinton, in the Nov. 8 election.  Cruz, who came in a distant second to Trump in the race for the Republican nomination, stopped short of endorsing Trump after a bitter and personal campaign and mentioned him only once, drawing boos and repeated chants of “We want Trump.” Cuccinelli, a former Virginia attorney general, said: “When the speech ended, there was an ugly crowd behind us.” A witness said one person shouted: “Goldman Sachs” at Heidi Cruz in reference to her employment at the investment bank. Cruz began his speech saying: “I want to congratulate Donald Trump on winning the nomination last night.”  Later in the speech, he urged: “Please, don’t stay home in November. Stand, and speak, and vote your conscience, vote for candidates up and down the ticket who you trust to defend our freedom and to be faithful to the Constitution.” Some critics saw the appeal for people to vote their conscience as a vote of no-confidence in Trump. Republican strategist Eric Fehrnstrom, who is not affiliated with any campaign, tweeted: “‘Vote your conscience’ was the rallying cry of the Never Trump movement. For Cruz to bring that message into #RNC hall was a colossal error.” “It’s taken me about 30 minutes to calm down and stop shaking with anger,” said Erik Layton, an alternate delegate from California who had shouted: “Go home” at Cruz after his speech. “I just don’t know why Cruz did this. It baffles my mind.” Trump, 70, a businessman and former reality TV star who has never been elected to public office, made his entrance to the convention hall near the end of Cruz’s speech, applauding Cruz’s remarks but, by his appearance, drawing attention away from his former rival. In a tweet after the convention adjourned for the night, Trump wrote that Cruz broke a promise they both had made to endorse the party’s White House choice. “Wow, Ted Cruz got booed off the stage, didn’t honor the pledge! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. No big deal!” Trump wrote. During the campaign for the party’s nomination, Trump insulted Cruz’s wife’s looks and suggested the Texan’s father was with John F. Kennedy’s assassin just before the president was shot in Dallas in 1963.  Cruz, 45, who as a Tea Party conservative in the U.S. Senate angered many mainstream Republicans in Congress and spearheaded tactics that led to a government shutdown over the federal budget, called Trump a “serial philanderer” and a “narcissist” during the campaign. A Cruz adviser who asked to remain anonymous said Cruz anticipated a backlash from the crowd if he did not endorse Trump. “We knew people were going to be mad if he didn’t say the words, but he congratulated him and called for unity behind common values. He expected people to not be thrilled about this,” the adviser said.  Trump won the party’s nomination on Tuesday with 1,725 delegates, followed by Cruz with 475 delegates. Several delegates were outraged by the reaction to Cruz’s speech, saying it could undermine Trump’s support among Republicans who had supported the senator from Texas. “I thought it was shameful,” said Manette Merrill, a Cruz delegate from Washington state, adding she was now confident she would not vote for Trump in November. “They talk about unity ... and then they act like that. That is not going to get us to unify,” she said. The drama did not prevent Trump’s vice presidential running mate, Indiana Governor Mike Pence, from receiving a raucous welcome inside the convention hall to end the day’s events. Accepting the convention’s nomination, Pence spoke of Trump as a friend of the working class who has persevered in the business world. “He’s a doer in a game usually reserved for talkers,” Pence said. Trump briefly joined Pence on the stage, shook his hand, patted him on the back, gave a thumbs-up and, in a signal to the crowd, pointed at Pence. But the Cruz speech, the latest in a series of disruptions, overshadowed any show of solidarity. Cruz swiftly became one of the top trending topics on Twitter and Facebook immediately following his speech, with about 157 tweets mentioning his official Twitter handle @tedcruz posted every minute. The overall immediate sentiment was slightly more positive than negative, according to social media analytics firm Zoomph. The most mentioned moment on Twitter on Wednesday was the crowd’s reaction to Trump’s arrival at the conclusion of Cruz’s speech. Cruz was also the most mentioned speaker of the night, followed by Pence. Cruz was the most searched speaker on Google. In a speech minutes after Cruz finished, former U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Newt Gingrich veered from his prepared text to defend Cruz. “I think you misunderstood one paragraph that Ted Cruz, who is a superb orator, said. And I just want to point it out to you. Ted Cruz said you can vote your conscience for anyone who will uphold the Constitution. In this election, there is only one candidate who will uphold the Constitution,” Gingrich said. “To paraphrase Ted Cruz, if you want to protect the Constitution of the United States, the only possible candidate this fall is the Trump-Pence Republican ticket,” Gingrich said. The convention, due to end on Thursday with Trump’s speech accepting the party’s nomination, has been marked by turmoil from Day One. On Monday, chaos erupted when Trump opponents inside his party stormed out of the room and others chanted to vent frustration over a failed attempt to force a vote in opposition to Trump. On Tuesday, similarities between some phrases in a speech by Trump’s wife, Melania, and a 2008 speech by first lady Michelle Obama triggered accusations of plagiarism, putting the Trump campaign on the defensive. A staff writer for the Trump Organization on Wednesday took responsibility for the “chaos” over the speech. Eminent Republicans such as the party’s previous two presidential nominees, Mitt Romney and Senator John McCain, and members of the Bush family that gave the party its last two presidents have stayed away from Cleveland in a show of displeasure at Trump and his rhetoric against illegal immigration and free trade. Opponents brand Trump a bigot with his calls to temporarily ban the entry of Muslims and to build a border wall with Mexico to keep out illegal immigrants. Underscoring the problems Trump has faced with U.S. allies abroad, German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier told Reuters on Wednesday that Trump threatened U.S. and world security with his “politics of fear and isolation.” ",1
8684,Exclusive: Trump considering fracking mogul Harold Hamm as energy secretary - sources,"CLEVELAND (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is considering nominating Oklahoma oil and gas mogul Harold Hamm as energy secretary if elected to the White House on Nov. 8, according to four sources close to Trump’s campaign. The chief executive of Continental Resources (CLR.N) would be the first U.S. energy secretary drawn directly from the oil and gas industry since the cabinet position was created in 1977, a move that would jolt environmental advocates but bolster Trump’s pro-drilling energy platform.  Dan Eberhart, an oil investor and Republican financier, said he had been told by officials in Trump’s campaign that Hamm, who has been an informal advisor to Trump on energy policy since at least May, was “the leading contender” for the position.  Eberhart said he had discussed the possible appointment with  top donors at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland this week, where Trump was formally nominated as the party’s candidate in the Nov. 8 presidential election. Three other sources close to the Trump campaign confirmed Trump was considering Hamm for the post. One of the sources said he first heard that Hamm was a contender from Trump officials on Sunday. None of the sources was aware of who else Trump may be considering for the job. Representatives for Trump and Hamm did not respond to a request for comment.  Addressing the convention on Wednesday night, Hamm called for expanded drilling and said too much environmental regulation    threatened to limit U.S. oil production and increase the country’s dependence on Middle Eastern oil producers. “Every time we can’t drill a well in America, terrorism is being funded,” Hamm told the cheering crowd. “Every onerous regulation puts American lives at risk.”     Hamm, 70, became one of America’s wealthiest men during the U.S. oil and gas drilling boom over the past decade, tapping into new hydraulic fracturing drilling technology to access vast deposits in North Dakota’s shale fields. Past heads of the U.S. Department of Energy, which is charged with advancing U.S. energy security and technology and dealing with nuclear waste disposal, have typically boasted a political or academic background. This is not the first time Hamm has been in contention for the job. The Republican Party’s presidential nominee in 2012, Mitt Romney, vetted Hamm to be energy secretary but ultimately decided against him because the two men have differing positions on renewable energy sources like wind.  He made headlines in 2015 after settling a protracted divorce case and agreeing to pay his ex-wife $975 million - reported to be the biggest divorce settlement in history. His fortune is now estimated at nearly $12 billion.   “FRACKER-IN-CHIEF” Trump, who has yet to make any announcements about his prospective cabinet, has already surrounded himself with strong advocates of traditional energy sources like oil, gas, and coal and has promised to gut environmental regulations to boost drilling and mining if elected. He tapped U.S. Congressman Kevin Cramer of North Dakota, a climate skeptic and drilling advocate, to help draw up his campaign energy platform, and picked Indiana Governor Mike Pence, also a climate skeptic, as his running mate.  Both moves cheered the energy industry but alarmed environmental activists who say a Trump presidency would set back years of progress on issues like pollution and climate change.  “Given that Hamm’s as close as we’ve got to a fracker-in-chief in this country, it would be an apropos pick for a president who thinks global warming is a hoax manufactured by the Chinese,” said leading environmental activist Bill McKibben.  Trump’s Democratic rival Hillary Clinton has promised to bolster regulation and increase use of renewable fuels to combat climate change if elected. ",1
8685,"Once a self-funder, Trump's new fundraising machine ramps up","CLEVELAND (Reuters) - Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, who gained popularity partly by bashing wealthy donors and vowing to fund his own campaign, raised nearly as much money in June as the campaign of Democratic rival Hillary Clinton, according to federal reports filed on Wednesday. In the first month in which the Trump campaign’s fundraising machine officially cranked up, Trump raised nearly $20 million from individual donors other than himself, as well as $2 million from donors to his joint fundraising committee with the Republican Party. The reports also showed that Trump converted the nearly $50 million in loans he made to his campaign into donations. He has $20 million in cash in the bank.  Clinton’s campaign brought in $24 million from individual donors during the same period, and a further $11.5 million from donors to her joint fundraising committee.  Trump’s new money dash was also evident at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland this week, where two Trump Super PACs - each dueling for supremacy and boasting a roster of marquee donors - held private events. Those in the donor class backing Trump include investor Foster Friess and casino magnate Sheldon Adelson, who associates say is considering pouring as much as $100 million into helping Trump get elected.  ",1
8686,Ted Cruz's wife escorted off Republican convention floor amid booing,"CLEVELAND (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Ted Cruz’s wife was escorted off the floor of the Republican convention on Wednesday night as delegates booed her husband’s refusal to endorse Donald Trump in his speech to delegates. Republican Ken Cuccinelli, the former attorney general of Virginia and a supporter of Cruz, who finished a distant second to Trump in the race for the Republican presidential nomination, told Reuters he escorted Heidi Cruz off the convention floor for her own safety. ",1
8687,"China upset by U.S. Republican platform on South China Sea, Tibet","BEIJING (Reuters) - China’s Foreign Ministry on Thursday urged the U.S. Republican Party to stop making “groundless accusations” against China in its party platform, which says China practices cultural genocide in Tibet and has ludicrous claims in the South China Sea. China’s government has generally avoided making direct comments about the election, wary of being seen to interfere, though in April Chinese Finance Minister Lou Jiwei called Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump an “irrational type” due to his tariffs proposal on imported Chinese goods. In an English-language statement issued via the official Xinhua news agency on Thursday, the ministry said the Republican platform contained “accusations about China on issues related to Taiwan, Tibet, trade and the South China Sea” and are an interference in China’s internal affairs. “All political parties in the United States should view China’s development in an objective and rational manner and correctly understand the issues that emerge in bilateral ties,” the ministry said. “We hope relevant parties stop their groundless accusations against China and interference in China’s domestic affairs and contribute more to bilateral trust and cooperation,” it added. The platform, adopted on Monday, says China has been asserting “preposterous” claims to the South China Sea to distract its people from economic problems, practices “cultural genocide” in Tibet and Xinjiang, and reaffirms a commitment to sell weapons to self-ruled Taiwan. China’s foreign ministry said promoting stable growth in relations serves the interests of both countries and the peace and development of the Asia-Pacific region and the world, and “both sides should adhere to this right direction”. Chinese officials admit to knowing little about Trump compared with his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton, who had extensive dealings with China when she was secretary of state. ",1
8688,Factbox: Clinton to name running mate as early as Friday,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democrat Hillary Clinton, who is running against Republican Donald Trump in the Nov. 8 presidential election, is expected to announce her running mate as early as Friday. Here are some of the potential vice presidential candidates Clinton is considering, according to U.S. news media: The U.S. senator from Virginia is a former Roman Catholic missionary and civil rights lawyer who is fluent in Spanish. Kaine, a former Richmond mayor and former Virginia governor, has served on the Senate’s Foreign Relations and Armed Services committees.     He has backed liberal causes such as establishing a pathway to citizenship for undocumented immigrants. But, like many Republicans and moderate Democrats, he has supported free-trade deals, a stance at odds with many party progressives. The U.S. agriculture secretary is a former governor of Iowa.  During the primary, he campaigned enthusiastically for Clinton, speaking about his family’s struggles with addiction and mental health. Clinton has promised to address those issues if elected. Vilsack, a Pittsburgh native, was orphaned and adopted as an infant. He settled in his wife’s home state of Iowa. New Jersey’s first black U.S. senator is a former Newark mayor. He was elected to the Senate in a 2013 special election and won re-election in 2014. Booker campaigned enthusiastically for Clinton, including in the crucial early-voting state of New Hampshire during her primary race against Senator Bernie Sanders. U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts is a fierce critic of Wall Street who spearheaded the creation of the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau after the global financial crisis. President Barack Obama tapped her to help set up the agency, but congressional Republicans blocked her appointment. Warren is popular with progressives, and was urged to run for president in 2016 but declined. She endorsed Clinton in June, then joined her on the campaign trail. The retired Navy admiral and former supreme allied commander of NATO is the dean of the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University near Boston. Stavridis worked closely with Clinton when he was at NATO and she led the State Department during Obama’s first term. Though Stavridis would bring military heft to Clinton’s ticket, his role as a senior military official in the George W. Bush administration during the early years of the U.S. occupation of Iraq could provide Trump with a line of attack. Trump has criticized Clinton for, as a U.S. senator, voting for the 2003 U.S.-led invasion.  The U.S. senator from Ohio and former member of the U.S. House of Representatives is one of the Democratic Party’s leading progressives. Brown was an early opponent of the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement sought by the Obama administration, describing it as a “giveaway to corporations.” Obama’s labor secretary has championed changes in regulations popular with organized labor and progressives.  Perez reversed a regulation exempting domestic and home-care workers from overtime pay and extended overtime protections to some salaried workers by lowering the eligibility threshold.  Perez has little campaigning experience, however, having only held one term on a county council from 2002 to 2006.  The Department of Housing and Urban Development secretary is considered a rising Democratic star. Castro has pushed for expanding opportunities while serving as housing secretary, including by broadening internet access across the country. But progressive groups have criticized his agency’s sale of mortgage loans to big banks rather than non-profits during his tenure. A former San Antonio mayor, Castro was elected as the city’s youngest councilman at the age of 26.  ",1
8689,Green Republicans resist Trump's climate denial in Cleveland,"CLEVELAND/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has called climate change a hoax and has vowed not to let regulation stand in the way of expanded U.S. oil drilling if elected. But a group of his supporters at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland this week are lobbying him to soften that stance. Youth, religious and investor activists aligned with the Republican Party are working the sidelines of the July 18-22 conclave, arguing that a greener platform could help the New York businessman-turned-politician win voters in November. “In an age where the Republicans are particularly interested in winning the presidency, they are not supporting an agenda that reflects that most Americans recognize climate change is a problem,” said Rachel Lamb, national organizer for the Young Evangelicals for Climate Action group. Lamb and representatives from other organizations like the Greater Cleveland Young Republicans, environmental advocacy group RepublicEn, and clean energy foundation ClearPath taken part in panel discussions and held private meetings with operatives on the sidelines of the convention. Trump was formally nominated on Tuesday to compete in the Nov. 8 presidential election against presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, who has made combating climate change a key theme in her campaign. The Republican Party has adopted a platform that calls coal a “clean” source of electricity and would open more federal land to drilling and mining, while Trump has said he would reverse some of President Barack Obama’s key climate change initiatives. Some 64 percent of U.S. adults say they are worried a “great deal” or a “fair amount” about global warming, the highest reading since 2008, according to the results of a Gallup poll released in March. Cade Marsh, a representative of the College Republican National Committee, said he was hoping to convince Republicans in Cleveland this week that environmentalism and conservatism are not mutually exclusive. “‘Climate change’ is a word that is seen as far left,” Marsh said. “But if you repackage clean energy in terms of national security and liberty, you’ll find people much more receptive,” he said, referring to the role of renewable energy sources like wind power and solar power in reducing dependence on foreign oil. He said his message has been warmly received by convention attendees, but that he held out little hope of a turnaround in Trump’s policies. “This is about tomorrow’s Republican party,” Marsh said. Jay Faison, a North Carolina Republican donor who founded the ClearPath foundation, said he was telling Republican operatives in Cleveland this week that he would prefer to fund candidates who can put clean energy on the party’s agenda. “I wonder about the opportunities with the persuadable voters in the middle in terms of the general election,” he said. ",1
8690,Trump employee apologizes for Melania speech 'chaos',"CLEVELAND (Reuters) - A staff writer for the Trump Organization took responsibility on Wednesday for the “chaos” caused by a speech given by the wife of U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump that drew accusations of plagiarism and cast a shadow over the party’s convention this week. The writer, Meredith McIver, apologized and offered an explanation that threw into sharp relief two days of efforts by the Trump campaign to deny there had been a problem with Melania Trump’s speech on Monday night. The Republican convention in Cleveland, which formally anointed Trump on Tuesday as the party nominee for the Nov. 8 presidential election, was meant to be an occasion for the party to rally around its unorthodox White House candidate after a bitterly divisive primary campaign. But the accusations of plagiarism, and the Trump campaign’s responses to them, have been a major talking point just as the party tries to showcase a candidate who it believes can appeal to voters and a campaign operation capable of beating Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton in the Nov. 8 election. In a statement, McIver said she had inserted passages into the Melania Trump speech that resembled parts of a 2008 speech by first lady Michelle Obama to the 2008 Democratic National Convention, when Barack Obama was in his first campaign for the presidency. McIver said she had offered to resign over the speech controversy, but Trump and his family had rejected the offer.  The Trump Organization is owned by Donald Trump. Trump defended McIver in an ABC News interview on Wednesday, saying: “She made a mistake. People make mistakes. You’ve made mistakes. We all make mistakes.” He said McIver had been with him for a long time and was a “good person.” Trump added: “I thought it was terrific the way she came forward and just said, ‘Look, it was a mistake that I made.’ She thought it was very unfair to Melania.” In her speech on Monday, Melania Trump spoke of passing on to the next generation the value of hard work that she inherited from her parents and said that “the only limit to your achievements is the strength of your dreams and your willingness to work for them.” “My parents impressed on me the values that you work hard for what you want in life; that your word is your bond and you do what you say and keep your promise; that you treat people with respect,” Melania Trump told the Cleveland convention. In Denver eight years ago, Michelle Obama said she and her husband, Barack, “were raised with so many of the same values: that you work hard for what you want in life; that your word is your bond and you do what you say you’re going to do; that you treat people with dignity and respect.”     McIver said Melania Trump had read passages from Michelle Obama’s speech over the phone to her as examples. McIver then wrote them down and later included some of the phrasing in a draft that became Melania Trump’s speech. McIver said in her statement that Michelle Obama is a person Melania Trump “has always liked.”  “I did not check Mrs. Obama’s speeches. This was my mistake and I feel terrible for the chaos I have caused Melania and the Trumps, as well as to Mrs. Obama. No harm was meant,” McIver said. Nowhere in the statement by McIver and comments by Trump campaign officials on the speech has there been any sense of irony that the wife of the Republican nominee was inspired by the words of Michelle Obama at the same time that speaker after speaker at the Republican convention, echoing Trump, assailed her husband’s policies. Democrats have seized on the similarities in the speech and the Trump campaign’s various explanations over the ensuing 48 hours as showing that his team is not ready for prime time. The charge was all the more embarrassing because Trump has repeatedly slammed Clinton as untrustworthy. White House spokesman Josh Earnest said on Wednesday the similarities showed the country’s values were largely shared, even if political leaders had differences. “That certainly buttresses an argument that the president has been making quite frequently of late, about the country not being as divided as it might seem,” Earnest told reporters.  Questions have lingered over why the Trump campaign had not run simple plagiarism software that is commonly used to ensure that speakers do not inadvertently lift other people’s words, and why the campaign sought to deny and brush away the problem. Republican strategist Ted Newton, president of Gravity Strategic Communications and a staffer in Republican Mitt Romney’s failed 2012 presidential campaign, said the Trump campaign should have come clean much sooner. “It sort of reflects the old adage: It’s not the crime, it’s the cover-up,” Newton said. “To have it bungled so badly is really a shame and sad for her.” If the campaign had admitted what happened sooner, Newton said, “It would have been a bump in the road.” Hours before giving the speech, Melania Trump, a Slovenian-born jewelry designer and former model, told NBC’s “Today” that she had written it with as little help as possible. But her husband’s campaign manager, Paul Manafort, told CBS’ “This Morning” on Tuesday that it was a collaboration with speech writers. As late as Wednesday, just hours before McIver’s statement, Manafort was pressed again on the issue on CNN. He did not say words had been lifted from the Michelle Obama speech and sought to stress the overall effectiveness of the speech. “The controversy that you’re talking about is not meaningful at all,” he said.  McIver is listed as a writer on some of Trump’s most popular books, including “Trump: How to Get Rich” and “Trump: Think Like a Billionaire.” Her author’s biography in “How to Get Rich” says she was a Ford Foundation scholar who graduated from the University of Utah, as well as a member of the Trump Organization.   ",1
8691,Exclusive: Trump could seek new law to purge government of Obama appointees,"CLEVELAND (Reuters) - If he wins the presidency, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump would seek to purge the federal government of officials appointed by Democratic President Barack Obama and could ask Congress to pass legislation making it easier to fire public workers, Trump ally, Chris Christie, said on Tuesday. Christie, who is governor of New Jersey and leads Trump’s White House transition team, said the campaign was drawing up a list of federal government employees to fire if Trump defeats Democratic rival Hillary Clinton in the Nov. 8 presidential election.  “As you know from his other career, Donald likes to fire people,” Christie told a closed-door meeting with dozens of  donors at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, according to an audio recording obtained by Reuters and two participants in the meeting. Christie was referring to Trump’s starring role in the long-running television show “The Apprentice,” where his catch-phrase was “You’re fired!” The Trump campaign did not respond to requests for comment. Trump’s transition advisers fear that Obama may convert these appointees to civil servants, who have more job security than officials who have been politically appointed. This would allow officials to keep their jobs in a new, possibly Republican, administration, Christie said. “It’s called burrowing,” Christie said. “You take them from the political appointee side into the civil service side, in order to try to set up ... roadblocks for your successor, kind of like when all the Clinton people took all the Ws off the keyboard when George Bush was coming into the White House.” Christie was referring to pranks committed during the presidential transition from Bill Clinton to George W. Bush in 2001. During that period, some White House staffers removed the W key on computer keyboards and left derogatory signs and stickers in offices, according to a report by the General Accounting Office, an investigative arm of Congress. “One of the things I have suggested to Donald is that we have to immediately ask the Republican Congress to change the civil service laws. Because if they do, it will make it a lot easier to fire those people,” Christie said. He said firing civil servants was “cumbersome” and “time-consuming.” Christie also said that changing the leadership of the Environmental Protection Agency, long a target of Republicans concerned about over regulation, would be a top priority for Trump should he win in November. Trump has previously vowed to eliminate the EPA and roll back some of America’s most ambitious environmental policies, actions that he says would revive the U.S. oil and coal industries and bolster national security. Christie added that the Trump team wants to let businesspeople serve in government part time without having to give up their jobs in the private sector. Trump frequently says he is better equipped to be president because of his business experience. Although Christie was repeatedly asked during the meeting, he declined to name any potential Cabinet picks. He said Trump was not ready to do that yet. Responding to Christie’s comments on targeting political appointees on Wednesday, White House spokesman Josh Earnest said that allowing appointees to apply for career civil service positions was “a longstanding precedent.”  “If you want to stack up the ethical record of President Obama and his political appointees against the ethical record compiled by Governor Christie and his political appointees, that we’d welcome that kind of comparison,” he said. The American Federation of Government Employees, the largest federal employee union in the United States, said while it was concerned about the practice of “burrowing,” current law protected most federal employees from at will firing. “The federal government is a serious undertaking. It’s not a reality TV show, with ‘You’re fired!’” said Jacqueline Simon, policy director at AFGE. “Just as we don’t want to hire anybody for political reasons, we don’t want anybody to be fired for political reasons,” she said. As of March 2016, there were a total of 3,164 political appointees, 852 of whom were presidential appointees.  In its most recent report on the topic, the Government Accountability Office said in 2010 that 143 former political appointees and congressional employees converted to career positions between May 1, 2005, and May 30, 2009.  The Republican-controlled House of Representatives Oversight and Government Reform Committee is investigating the practice of burrowing. It sent letters dated Wednesday to 23 federal departments and agencies, asking them to document all cases of burrowing that have occurred since Sept. 1, 2015. ",1
8692,U.S. appeals court voids forfeiture of Iran-linked New York office tower,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - A federal appeals court said on Wednesday the U.S. government cannot seize a Midtown Manhattan office tower originally built by the Shah of Iran, whose owners it claimed were fronts for the Iranian government. The 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals also said hundreds of victims of “terrorist acts” linked to Iran could not force the owners of 650 Fifth Avenue to turn over the building or pay unsatisfied money judgments they had won against the country, finding no proof that the owners and Iran were legally one and the same. Both decisions were written by Circuit Judge Richard Wesley for a unanimous three-judge panel, and totaled 145 pages. They overturned rulings by U.S. District Judge Katherine Forrest against the nonprofit Alavi Foundation, which promotes Islamic culture and the Persian language, and 650 Fifth Avenue Co, of which Alavi is a 60 percent owner. The owners had claimed they were given no chance to show why they should not be held liable. Iran was not a defendant in the lawsuits, which were returned to Forrest’s courtroom, including for a possible trial in the government’s forfeiture case. “We are very pleased,” Daniel Ruzumna, a lawyer for the owners, said in an email. “We look forward to vindicating our clients’ rights and interests at trial.” James Bernard, a lawyer for the victims, said his clients also looked forward to a trial. The office of U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara in Manhattan did not respond to a request for comment. The 36-story building in question is just north of Rockefeller Center and St. Patrick’s Cathedral, and would likely fetch hundreds of millions of dollars in a sale. In seeking the forfeiture of that building, several other properties and various bank accounts, authorities accused Alavi of engaging in money laundering that violated U.S. sanctions against Iran, and knowing that the building’s minority owner, Assa Corp, was backed by state-controlled Bank Melli. But Wesley said Forrest failed to properly review evidence that demonstrated a “genuine dispute” as to whether Alavi knew of Bank Melli’s control over Assa. He also said Forrest acted too quickly in rejecting defense arguments that authorities waited too long to seek a forfeiture, and that evidence obtained by a search warrant should have been suppressed. In the victims’ case, Wesley said Forrest erred in finding that the building’s owners could under the federal Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act qualify as Iran itself, or be deemed its agents or instrumentalities. The appeals court directed Forrest to examine whether the victims could prevail under another federal law, the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act. The cases are In re: 650 Fifth Avenue and Related Properties, 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, No. 14-2027; and Kirschenbaum et al v. 650 Fifth Avenue and Related Properties in the same court, No. 14-1963. ",1
8693,"Daimler AG, Ferrari selling some new vehicles with faulty air bags: U.S. Senate report","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Daimler AG’s Mercedes-Benz USA and Daimler Vans units and Ferrari NV are among a small group of automakers selling some new vehicles with faulty Takata airbags that will be subject to recalls by the end of 2018, a U.S. Senate report said on Wednesday. The vehicles are legal to sell since the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) has said they will not become potentially unsafe until exposed to high humidity for an extended period. Safety advocates and some in Congress have criticized the sale of vehicles that will be recalled. Senator Bill Nelson, a Florida Democrat, said the vehicles include the 2016 Mercedes-Benz Sprinter and 2016-2017 Mercedes-Benz E-Class Coupe/Convertible and numerous 2016 and 2017 Ferrari models including the FF, California T, 488 GTB/488 Spider, F12/F12tdf and GTC4 Lusso. Nelson said the report underscores “the failure of certain automakers and regulators to level with people about the true extent of the problem and to have the cars fixed before they’re sold.” Mercedes Benz USA spokeswoman Donna Boland said the company has told regulators that its “dealers will be informing prospective buyers of the pending recall on these models at the time of purchase in the very near future.” Ferrari spokeswoman Krista Florin said the Italian automaker also plans to notify customers of the future recalls.Seven out of 17 automakers Nelson contacted have admitted to equipping some new vehicles with defective Takata airbags, including Toyota Motor Corp (7203.T), Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV (FCHA.MI) and Volkswagen AG (VOWG_p.DE). All agreed to notify buyers of the planned recalls. Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA.O) is the only automaker that has not provided a written response, Nelson said. Tesla did not respond to a request for comment on Wednesday from Reuters. NHTSA said in May Tesla would be required to recall vehicles for Takata inflators. Takata inflators can explode with excessive force and spray metal shrapnel. They are suspected in at least 13 deaths worldwide and more than 100 injuries. In May, Takata agreed to declare as defective, by 2018, another 35 million to 40 million U.S. inflators that lack drying agents in frontal airbags after 14 automakers previously recalled more than 24 million U.S. vehicles. Worldwide nearly 100 million inflators have been declared defective. NHTSA said there have been no ruptures in vehicles built since 2008. According to NHTSA, the vehicles do not become vulnerable to exploding airbags without long-term exposure to high humidity. In the short-term, the agency says, they are safe to drive and much safer than older models. ",1
8694,Trump staff writer takes responsibility for Melania speech controversy,"CLEVELAND (Reuters) - A staff writer of the Trump Organization, the company owned by Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, has claimed responsibility for inserting passages in a speech given at the Republican National Convention by Trump’s wife Melania that resembled parts of a 2008 speech by first lady Michelle Obama. The woman, Meredith McIver, released a statement on Wednesday apologizing for using the language, which she said Melania Trump recited to her in a phone call, without checking to see how closely it matched Obama’s speech at the Democratic National Convention eight years ago. ",1
8695,"In a first, U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce endorses Clinton for president","NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce on Wednesday endorsed Democrat Hillary Clinton, the group’s first-ever endorsement for a presidential nominee and a rebuke of Republican Donald Trump in the middle of his party’s convention. The Trump campaign “has gone from frankly something that was entertaining, comical, and has devolved into something that is frankly scary,” said Javier Palomarez, the chamber president and chief executive officer. He said the group weighed in because of Trump’s rhetoric, which has angered many in the U.S. minority community. Trump has been accused of bigotry for his hard line on immigration, and many of his comments have been blasted as racist ahead of the Nov. 8 presidential election. “It wasn’t a step that was taken easily,” Palomarez said, noting that many of the chamber’s board and members are “staunch Republicans.” Trump kicked off his campaign last year saying Mexico was sending rapists and drug dealers across the border, and he proposed building a wall to stop them. He has called for a temporary ban on Muslim immigrants to shore up national security and suggested an Indiana-born federal judge was unable to hear a lawsuit against his Trump University venture because the judge is of Mexican descent.  The New York businessman’s positions have angered minority groups, liberals, Democrats, and even some Republicans, who have called them racist, divisive and callous.  Among black, Hispanic and Asian voters polled in the first 15 days of July, 70 percent supported Clinton while 9 percent supported Trump, according to a Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll. Over that time, 45 percent of all likely voters supported Clinton and 34 percent supported Trump.  Trump became his party’s official nominee to the presidency on Tuesday at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland. Palomarez said the Clinton campaign earned their group’s endorsement by doing significant outreach to Latinos, including asking to speak with chamber members in different parts of the country.  “I think she understands the challenges of American small businesses,” he said. The convention had a dramatic start, as anti-Trump delegates tried, and failed, to force a roll-call vote that would record the number of delegates opposed to the New York real estate developer. The chamber is an organization of Hispanic business leaders representing the interests of Hispanic-owned businesses nationwide. It had endorsed Clinton and Republican John Kasich in their respective primaries, the group’s first-ever such endorsements. ",1
8696,Campaign aims to register a million U.S. Muslims voters in anti-Trump move,"FALLS CHURCH, Va. (Reuters) - U.S. Muslim leaders hope to register a million voters from within their community to help combat what they say is the anti-Muslim stance of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. The United States has only about 3.3 million Muslims, but campaign organizers say Muslim voters could have an outsize impact in swing states that are key to the November general election, such as Virginia and Florida. “We want the Muslim community to understand that if you give up your rights voluntarily, no one will come and give it back to you,” said Osama Abu Irshaid, a member of the board of the U.S. Council of Muslim Organizations, which is spearheading the drive. Imams have been asked to encourage their congregations to register to vote. Organizers have sent canvassers to college campuses, bus stations and gas stations in Muslim neighborhoods. The campaign began in December and is part of an effort among U.S. Muslims to combat an “unprecedented rise in Islamophobia,” said Nihad Awad, executive director of the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR). CAIR’s database showed that 300,000 Muslims had registered since November, he said. Awad said anti-Muslim sentiment had grown since the mass shooting in San Bernardino, California, last year that authorities have said was inspired by Islamist militants, and due to comments by Trump. He has called for a ban on Muslim immigrants. Campaign volunteers were outside the Dar al-Hijrah mosque in suburban Washington this month to get worshippers to register. “I was thinking quite a long time to register but this time especially ... I really believed that I have to,” said Sadat Najmi as he filled out a registration form. Najmi, a U.S. citizen since 1988, said Trump had motivated him to sign up for the first time. U.S. Muslim backers of Trump said they were trying to build their own coalitions in swing states.  Baltimore businessman Sajid Tarar said he launched American Muslims for Trump because he favored Trump’s stance on combating radical Islam. “ISIS (an acronym for the Islamic State), al Qaeda, Taliban, they have killed more Muslims than anything else, and that’s a message Muslims need to hear and understand,” he said, referring to various militant groups. Michael Cohen, co-chair of the National Diversity Coalition for Trump, which aims to mobilize minority support, said Muslim Americans were equally worried about violence at home and abroad. Trump is “the only candidate who will enhance our national security, bring jobs back to America and fix our ailing economy,” he said in an email. ",1
8697,"Behind the scenes, Ryan touts his agenda in Cleveland, not Trump's","CLEVELAND (Reuters) - U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan offered his strongest support yet for Donald Trump’s White House bid on Tuesday at the Republican National Convention, saying the New York businessman he has repeatedly criticized provides America “a chance at a better way.”  Behind the scenes in Cleveland, the highest-ranking elected Republican has been shopping a competing vision for the party, backed by some wealthy donors and Republican establishment figures who see him as the savior of a party thrown into turmoil by Trump’s candidacy. The support reflects deep divisions within the party over Trump’s harder line on stemming illegal immigration and his threats to scrap trade deals that he says have hurt American workers but establishment Republicans view as central to their free trade policies. The split has created an identity crisis for the party, embodied in the figures of Trump and Ryan.  “Everybody knows the tough spot Paul Ryan is in,” said Annie Dickerson, a New York delegate to the convention and close adviser to Republican financier Paul Singer, referring to Ryan’s dilemma in backing a candidate as the party’s standard bearer in the Nov. 8 presidential election who does not represent many of its traditional values. “He’s the antidote to all the frustration that’s in Cleveland this week,” she said, noting that despite a public push for unity, there are those still unhappy with Trump’s nomination. Ryan, 46, is chairman of the convention at which Trump was officially nominated on Tuesday. But he has kept a low profile, avoiding the convention’s opening day on Monday, and instead holding meetings with state delegations and addressing private gatherings of Republican supporters, according to aides and attendees. At the meetings, according to attendees, Ryan has been pushing his “Better GOP” platform, a six-part agenda that shares strong similarities to the form of conservatism President George W. Bush advocated - reduced regulation, lower taxes, and welfare reform. It contrasts with the speeches typically delivered by Trump, who prefers to lambaste his opponents and skip detailed policy discussions. Doug Heye, a former House Republican leadership aide close to Ryan, said Ryan’s platform “gives them something that they can talk to constituents about that isn’t divisive, that isn’t name calling.”  Heye said the approach could help Ryan position himself as the face of the party if Trump loses the election.  Ryan has publicly clashed with Trump over the latter’s promise to deport millions of illegal immigrants and end trade deals. He criticized Trump’s call to temporarily ban Muslims from entering the country and called his remarks about the heritage of a Mexican-American judge racist. Ryan supports free trade and comprehensive immigration reform, and as chairman of the House of Representatives Budget Committee, he authored a document that called for a drastically reduced federal government.  The risk for Ryan is that a swath of the party is moving away from traditional Republican orthodoxy, and by not embracing Trump he could find himself isolated. Some of Trump’s supporters see him as emblematic of the Washington dysfunction that has angered many Republicans.  Mark Bolin, a Canton, Ohio, business owner who supports Trump, called Ryan’s tepid endorsement of Trump “political suicide.” He said Ryan and other Republicans leaders can’t admit their own failures. “Instead of them thinking there’s something wrong with their party, they think it must be us, the American people aren’t smart enough,” Bolin said.  Ryan has long been seen as a rising star and some wealthy donors pushed Ryan, who was the vice presidential nominee in 2012, to run for president this year. He declined but hasn’t ruled out running in the future. Advisers to Singer and the billionaire industrialist Koch brothers say the donors are banking on Ryan to carry the flag for traditional Republican values. “I like Ryan and his day to lead the party will come - very soon, if Trump loses,” said energy magnate Dan Eberhart, another major donor.   Linda Devore, 66, a retired attorney from Fayetteville, North Carolina, who met Ryan for the first time in 2012, rushed over to give him a hug when he arrived on Tuesday morning to speak to her delegation at a hotel in the Cleveland.  “He’s just one of the smartest Republicans. That’s what I told him,” Devore said. “He’s a quick wit. He said, ‘Pretty low bar, huh?’”  ",1
8698,"Beating rivals and the odds, Trump captures Republican nomination","CLEVELAND (Reuters) - Thirteen months after launching an improbable bid for the White House, Donald Trump captured the 2016 Republican presidential nomination on Tuesday, having vanquished 16 party rivals, warred with much of its establishment and provoked controversy at every turn. His eldest child, Donald Trump Jr., announced the support of New York, their home state, during a roll-call vote at the Republican National Convention, ensuring Trump had the majority of delegates - 1,237 - needed to contest the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election against presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. With three of the candidate’s other children at his side, the younger Trump said: “It is my honor to be able to throw Donald Trump over the top in the delegate count tonight.” “Congratulations, Dad. We love you,” he said. Trump’s Democratic rival, Clinton, who has been the target of withering verbal attacks during the convention, was quick to respond to the vote, tweeting: “Donald Trump just became the Republican nominee. Chip in now to make sure he never steps foot in the Oval Office.” Trump won with 1,725 delegates, followed by U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas with 475 delegates, Ohio Governor John Kasich with 120 and U.S. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida with 114. Three other candidates emerged with a total of 12 delegates. After the presidential nominating vote, the convention by voice vote nominated Indiana Governor Mike Pence, 57, Trump’s choice for his vice presidential running mate. Speaking to the convention for the first time since winning the nomination, Trump appeared on a video screen from New York promising to win the election in November, create jobs, strengthen the military, safeguard U.S. borders and “restore law and order” in the United States. The state-by-state vote to put Trump’s name in nomination took place a day after opponents staged a failed attempt to force a vote opposing his candidacy at the start of the four-day convention, and after a speech by his wife, Melania, drew accusations of plagiarism. A wealthy New York real estate developer best known to Americans for his starring role in a long-running TV show, “The Apprentice,” where his catchphrase was “You’re fired,” the 70-year-old Trump was a long shot when he entered the race for the Republican nomination more than a year ago, having never held elected office. On Tuesday, under the headline “Make America Work Again,” speakers at Cleveland’s Quicken Loans basketball arena were meant to assail Democratic President Barack Obama’s record on the economy during his nearly eight years in power. Instead, speaker after speaker took aim at Clinton, presenting her as out of touch with the concerns of ordinary Americans and the inheritor of Obama’s “oppressive” administration. A former secretary of state under Obama, Clinton, 68, was due to be formally nominated at the Democratic National Convention next week in Philadelphia. Trump trails Clinton in many opinion polls after a bruising Republican primary season. Trump narrowed his deficit against her to 7 percentage points from 15 points late last week, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Tuesday.  Trump initially refused to rule out an independent run should he fail to win the Republican nomination.  Within weeks of announcing his candidacy at Trump Tower in New York on June 16, 2015, Trump had taken a commanding lead in the Republican race, defying pundits who were quick to write him off and eclipsing the man many had thought would be crowned on Tuesday night - former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, part of a Republican political dynasty. In a campaign marked by insults and inflammatory rhetoric, Trump tapped into a deep vein of unhappiness running through white Middle America, giving voice to millions who felt left behind in the rush to globalization and who eschewed traditional establishment Republicans like Bush in favor of a brash political outsider who promised to “Make America Great Again”. “We’ve lost the confidence in our leaders and the faith in our institutions,” Donald Trump Jr. said in a convention speech. “We’re still Americans. We’re still one country and we’re going to get it all back.” “I know we’ll get it back because I know my father,” Trump Jr. said. Opponents brand Trump a bigot with his calls to temporarily ban the entry of Muslims and to build a border wall with Mexico to keep out illegal immigrants. Underscoring the problems Trump has faced with U.S. allies abroad, German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said Trump threatened U.S. and world security with his “politics of fear and isolation.” Steinmeier told Reuters in a written interview that he was concerned about what he called Trump’s ambiguous vows to “make America strong again,” while simultaneously reducing its engagement overseas. Party officials hope to use the convention to smooth out some of Trump’s rough edges and present him as a job creator and a strong hand to combat security threats at home and abroad. U.S. Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, an early backer of Trump, placed his name in nomination, calling him “a warrior and a winner.” Two senior Republicans, U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, spoke in favor of Trump. Republicans need Trump to do well in the November election as they seek to preserve Republican majorities in Congress. Security forces were on high alert in Cleveland. But police said late on Tuesday there had been only five arrests since the convention began on Monday. Wright State University, a public university near Dayton, Ohio, said on Tuesday it had decided not to host the first U.S. presidential debate scheduled for Sept. 26, citing mounting costs and security concerns. The event will now be held at Hofstra University in New York. While in Cleveland, Trump ally Chris Christie said on Tuesday that should Trump win the presidency, he would seek to purge the federal government of officials appointed by Obama  and could ask Congress to pass legislation making it easier to dismiss public workers. Christie, who is governor of New Jersey and leads Trump’s White House transition team, told dozens of donors the campaign was drawing up a list of federal government employees to fire if Trump defeats Clinton. ",1
8699,"On bike, horse and foot, police keep order outside Republican convention","CLEVELAND (Reuters) - City police on bicycles and horseback, backed by state and local officers from across the country, kept order outside the Republican National Convention on Tuesday, as predictions that protester unrest would tarnish the event did not come to pass for a second day. There have been only five arrests since the convention began on Monday, police announced at an early evening news conference. As sundown neared, the mood on downtown streets was calm. In Tuesday’s largest demonstration, police on bicycles rode into the crowd in the city’s Public Square in mid afternoon. Helmeted officers, some in protective equipment and others wearing shorts, separated a crowd of Black Lives Matters protesters from other protesters wearing masks and helmets, occasionally lifting their bikes to push through the crowd. “If America is so bad, why don’t you leave?,” a pro-Trump demonstrator shouted at a group carrying signs that read, “America was never great” A pair of men dressed in traditional Muslim garb walked near the plaza carrying assault-style rifles, with one also bearing a semiautomatic handgun. Micha Noziri of Yellow Spring, Ohio, who is not Muslim, said he wanted to take a stance against Trump’s positions on “religious minorities” and immigration.  “We came out to show solidarity for all minority groups, the so-called minority groups that Donald Trump would oppress if he does the things that he says,” Noziri told a knot of reporters surrounding him. Ten men identifying themselves as Ohio militia walked through Public Square with weapons on open display, surrounded by a pack of journalists.  Police escorted conservative radio host Alex Jones from the square, amid shouting and jostling, after Jones used a megaphone to shout invective about Black Lives Matter and other groups toward a group of liberal-leaning protesters.   Dozens of Cleveland police on bicycles and dozens more in state police uniforms intervened. They walked Jones and a handful of supporters past a few hundred demonstrators and journalists.  One Trump supporter, Elam Stoltzfus, said he felt “very safe” watching the scene. “About 150 police were here in a minute,” Stoltzfus said in reference to events that led up to Jones’ being escorted away. “Ohio is an open-carry state; we have a lot of protection here.” Earlier Tuesday, police arrested three people for climbing flagpoles near Cleveland’s Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and hanging a banner with the words, “Don’t Trump Our Communities.” Firefighters used a ladder truck to assist in the arrest, police officials said. ",1
8700,Melania Trump's speech has an echo of Michelle Obama words,"CLEVELAND (Reuters) - Melania Trump’s speech at the Republican National Convention has ignited controversy because it contained a section strikingly similar to words delivered at the Democratic convention in 2008 by the woman she hopes to succeed as U.S. first lady, Michelle Obama. An official with the campaign of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump suggested the similarity in the section to Michelle Obama’s speech may have been the result of an error by her team of speech writers. Donald Trump made no mention of the issue in a Twitter post early on Tuesday, saying simply: “It was truly an honor to introduce my wife, Melania Trump last night. Her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible. Very proud!” Trump has never held elective office and his White House campaign has been marked by frequent controversy over unorthodox policies and freewheeling remarks that have alarmed many in the Republican establishment. It is a tradition of the party conventions for spouses to offer an enthusiastic personal endorsement of candidates. On Tuesday night, the gathering in Cleveland will formally anoint Donald Trump the Republican presidential candidate for the Nov. 8 election. It was a small section of Melania Trump’s roughly 15-minute speech, a highlight of the opening day of the convention, that was similar to a part of Michelle Obama’s speech in 2008 in support of Barack Obama, who was then campaigning for president. “My parents impressed on me the values that you work hard for what you want in life; that your word is your bond and you do what you say and keep your promise; that you treat people with respect,” said Melania Trump, a Slovenian-born jewelry designer and former model. “They taught me to show the values and morals in my daily life. That is the lesson that I continue to pass along to our son,” she said. “And we need to pass those lessons on to the many generations to follow, because we want our children in this nation to know that the only limit to your achievements is the strength of your dreams and your willingness to work for them.” In 2008, Michelle Obama said, “And Barack and I were raised with so many of the same values: that you work hard for what you want in life; that your word is your bond and you do what you say you’re going to do; that you treat people with dignity and respect.” “...And Barack Obama and I set out to build lives guided by these values, and pass them on to the next generations,” she added. “Because we want our children, and all children in this nation, to know that the only limit to the height of your achievement is the reach of your dreams and your willingness to work for them.” Before Monday’s speech, Melania Trump told NBC in remarks that were aired on several networks: “I wrote it... with as little help as possible.” A spokesman for the Trump campaign called the speech a success, but suggested her writers might have mistakenly injected some borrowed language. “In writing her beautiful speech, Melania’s team of writers took notes on her life’s inspirations, and in some instances included fragments that reflected her own thinking,” Jason Miller, Trump’s senior communications adviser, said in a statement. Paul Manafort, chairman of the Trump campaign, played down the similarities in the Trump and Obama speeches. “There aren’t that many similarities. There are a couple of phrases,” Manafort told CBS News on Tuesday. “It’s basically three places in the speech and it’s fragments of words. She spoke in front of 35 million people yesterday. She knew what she was doing. And she never cribbed from another speech without acknowledging that she was quoting somebody else.” “There was nothing that she did in that speech that she thought was anybody’s words but herself,” Manafort said. Asked if she wrote it herself, Manafort said it was a “collaboration” and he didn’t know how much exactly she had written. “But the words of her speech reflect her feelings for her husband, her country and her family.” “Frankly this was her vision that she wanted to communicate about her husband.” New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, asked if as a former prosecutor he could make a case for plagiarism from Melania Trump’s speech, replied: “No, not when 93 percent of the speech is completely different from Michelle Obama’s speech, and they express common thoughts.“ “I think after tonight we won’t be talking about this, we’ll move on to whatever ... comes up tonight,” Christie, a former rival to Trump for the Republican presidential nomination who now supports him, told NBC’s Today show on Tuesday. (This story corrects to show Melania interview was with NBC, paragraph 13) ",1
8701,'We're not electing a husband:' Tough-talking Trump wins over some skeptical women,"CLEVELAND (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s tough talk on law and order in a time of growing national insecurity appears to be winning over some of his fiercest skeptics - women initially put off by his swaggering tone, his clashes with female critics and past affairs.  But so far those are mostly conservative women. As Trump hones his message, the challenge is to make it also resonate among independent or undecided female voters who are crucial to his hopes of winning the U.S. presidential election in November. Turmoil on the streets both abroad and at home could give Trump a new opportunity to do just that. On Monday, Trump tried to seize it with an evening program at the Republican National Convention with several women speakers, including his wife Melania, focused on security. She told the convention that her husband would offer the country new leadership and keep it “safe and secure.” Americans have been rattled by recent attacks in France and Florida, the murder of police officers in Texas and Louisiana, and widespread protests over the killings of unarmed black men, polls show. “We’re not electing a husband, we’re not electing a preacher, we’re electing a leader,” said Kay White, a Republican delegate to the nominating convention from Tennessee who originally supported U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas in the early nominating contests, or primaries. For White, it’s a one-issue election. “Security,” she said. “Nothing else matters.” A year ago, Penny Nance, president of Concerned Women for America, a conservative advocacy group, was a blistering critic of the thrice-married Trump because of comments he made about  Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly that many felt were sexist.  But Nance now supports Trump and says the candidate can fashion an effective message for women centered on national security, she told Reuters on the sidelines of the convention. “Every day we wake up and get our kids ready for school and the television is on and there is another attack,” she said. For Trump, independents will be a tougher sell. A majority of women who identify as “independent” continue to hold an unfavorable opinion of him. According to a Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll from June 1 to July 15, 64 percent of independent women voters expressed a “very unfavorable” or “somewhat unfavorable” view of Trump. That compares with 89 percent of Democratic women voters and 31 percent of Republican women voters who have a similarly unfavorable view of the New York businessman.  Trump isn’t the first candidate whose tough talk on security has won over women voters. George W. Bush used the same message in his re-election campaign in 2004, in the midst of his “war on terror,” to appeal to so-called security moms who were concerned about terrorism.  Bush garnered 48 percent of the vote of American women in that election. By comparison, Republican candidate Mitt Romney drew 44 percent in 2012, a full 10 points behind President Barack Obama.  Trump has had trouble convincing women nationally to support him ever since he entered the race in the summer of 2015, according to Reuters/Ipsos polling. Among women who are expected to vote on Nov. 8, a majority expressed an unfavorable opinion of him every time they were asked in the polls. This month, women appeared to have soured even more on the likely Republican nominee: 69 percent of likely women voters expressed an unfavorable opinion of Trump in the latest July 11-15 Reuters/Ipsos polling, up from 63 percent in the five-day poll that ended on July 1.  Jen Lawless, director of the Women and Politics Institute at American University, said she doubted Trump could rehabilitate his image with most women voters, saying his conflict with Kelly, in particular, had lasting damage. “I think that ship has sailed,” Lawless said.  Trump’s problems with women were dramatized on Monday when Women for Trump, a voter-support group, held a sparsely attended event in Cleveland.  The moderator, Jennifer Hulsey, appeared to speak for a lot of women who have found a way to support Trump. “He’s not perfect, but neither am I,” Hulsey said.  Some of the women delegates interviewed by Reuters at the convention on Monday were scornful of the criticism of Trump’s attitude toward women, pointing to his daughter Ivanka, who is a top executive in the Trump Organization.  Ivanka and his other daughter Tiffany are due to speak at the convention this week. “He was not my first choice or even my second choice,” said   Carol Del Carlo, a Trump supporter. But, “I look at him and I see how he treats his daughters. They’re engaged, they look like a real, true family, they work in their father’s business, they’re advisors.” ",1
8702,Trump narrows gap with Clinton as Republicans rally in Cleveland: Reuters/Ipsos,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump narrowed his deficit to Democratic rival Hillary Clinton to 7 percentage points from 15 points late last week, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Tuesday,  Polling was under way on Tuesday at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland to officially nominate Trump as the party’s candidate for the Nov. 8 presidential election. Clinton is due to be officially nominated at the Democratic convention in Philadelphia next week. Forty-three percent of likely voters supported Clinton in the July 15-19 poll, while 36 percent supported Trump. The poll included 1,069 voters and had a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of 3 percentage points.  The previous poll, in which Trump trailed Clinton by 15 percentage points, covered the five-day period that ended July 14.  Trump’s rise appeared partly fueled by a decline in the number of voters who remained on the sidelines. The percentage of voters who supported neither candidate dropped to 12 percent in the July 15-19 poll from 15 percent in the July 10-14 poll. Clinton has led in the poll most of the year.  The last time that Trump matched Clinton’s level of support was in mid-May, after his remaining rivals for the Republican nomination dropped out and many Republican leaders started to openly support his bid for the White House.  This week’s Republican convention provides another opportunity for party leaders to publicly embrace Trump’s campaign. Presidential nominees typically see a boost in voter support following their party conventions. In 2012, Republican nominee Mitt Romney jumped by about 5 percentage points in the Reuters/Ipsos poll following the Republican convention. This year, however, Republican leaders have struggled to give a full-throated endorsement of Trump’s “America First” campaign over his hard line on immigration and trade, and his fiery rhetoric that some have called bigoted. Many Republican elders, including both former presidents Bush and the last two presidential nominees, Romney and John McCain, are staying away from Cleveland.  The convention also has been marred by protests from anti-Trump delegates and a controversy over a speech by Trump’s wife, Melania, that included a section that was strikingly similar to a portion of the speech given by Michelle Obama at the Democratic convention in 2008 when her husband, Barack Obama, was seeking his first term as president. ",1
8703,Melania Trump's RNC speech produces so-so TV audience,"(Reuters) - Melania Trump’s big night at the Republican National Convention failed to draw bumper television audiences despite networks boosting their coverage of the gathering and husband Donald Trump promising a “showbiz” feel to the week. According to Nielsen ratings data on Tuesday from seven leading broadcast and cable networks, an estimated 23 million people watched Monday evening’s highlight during the 10 p.m. to 11 p.m. hour when Melania Trump, the wife of Republican White House contender Donald Trump, delivered her speech. The focus of the convention initially shifted on Tuesday from the formal anointing of Trump to accusations that sections of Melania Trump’s speech were strikingly similar to an address by Michelle Obama at the Democratic convention in 2008. The early viewing figures were similar to those for the first night of the Republican convention in 2012, which attracted an audience of 22.3 million, according to Nielsen.  U.S. television networks have boosted coverage of the Republican convention this year after Trump, a New York businessman, drew huge audiences during the 2016 presidential debates during the state nominating contests. Trump, the former star of “The Apprentice” TV show, has promised to throw out traditional political convention scripts and “put some showbiz” into the mix.  Media analysts predicted that viewership for Trump’s acceptance speech this week for the Republican presidential nomination could surpass the record 38 million who watched Barack Obama address the Democratic convention in 2008. In 2012, the Democratic convention generally drew more nightly TV viewers than the Republican gathering, when Mitt Romney was running for the White House. On Monday, the Fox News cable channel, as expected, got the most viewers for its convention coverage, averaging 6.4 million in the 10 p.m. hour. Among the mainstream networks, NBC led with 3.9 million. However, the biggest single program audience of Monday night was for reality show “The Bachelorette,” which was seen by some  6.6 million on ABC. About 3 million people turned off when ABC switched to the convention. ",1
8704,Anti-Trump Republican senator says efforts to block his nomination appear over,"CLEVELAND (Reuters) - Efforts by some delegates to block the Republican National Convention from nominating Donald Trump for president appear finished, U.S. Senator Mike Lee, a Trump opponent, told Reuters on Tuesday. “I don’t see any way around it,” the Utah lawmaker said as the Republican convention prepared to formally make Trump the nominee for the Nov. 8 presidential election. ",1
8705,Three arrested after hanging anti-Trump banner near Cleveland convention,"CLEVELAND (Reuters) - Three women were arrested on Tuesday after climbing a flagpole near the site of this week’s U.S. Republican National Convention and hanging a banner protesting the party’s presidential candidate, Donald Trump. “Don’t Trump our communities,” read the banner hung near Cleveland’s Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.  Using a ladder truck, fire officials brought down the protesters and the banner, which also had an anti-fracking message. “They actually climbed the flagpole and hung a banner and our officers responded and made the arrests,” Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams told reporters. “They were arrested for criminal mischief.” He did not identify the people arrested. A Reuters witness who saw the incident said they were all women. A total of five people have now been arrested during the convention and its run-up; earlier one man was arrested for trying to steal a police officer’s gas mask and a woman was arrested on an outstanding warrant unrelated to protest activity. The convention, which began on Monday and runs through Thursday, has been marked by largely peaceful protests so far. The event will formally anoint Trump, a wealthy New York real estate developer, as the Republican nominee to face Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton in the Nov. 8 presidential election. “We are still making sure that we don’t let our guard down,” Williams said, adding that the department’s strategy was to try to de-escalate tense situations. “There is no need to do anything unless there is violence perpetrated against somebody.” ",1
8706,Bell-Boeing wins $545 million U.S. defense contract: Pentagon,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A joint project of Boeing Co and Textron Inc unit Bell Helicopter is being awarded a $545 million modification to a previously awarded U.S. defense contract, the Pentagon said. The modification provides for the manufacture of four MV-22 tilt rotor aircraft for the government of Japan, the Pentagon said in a statement. ",1
8707,U.S. files suit against DynCorp International over Iraq contract,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States has filed a lawsuit against DynCorp International Inc alleging that it submitted inflated claims in connection with a U.S. government contract to train Iraqi police forces, the Justice Department said on Tuesday. The suit, filed in U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, alleges that DynCorp knowingly allowed one of its subcontractors to charge excessive rates for hotels, translator, security guard and driving services, and overhead expenses, and included these charges in claims it submitted under the State Department contract, the Justice Department said in a statement.  ",1
8708,Supreme Court nominee out in cold as election heats up," WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Merrick Garland hit an unwanted milestone on Tuesday as the federal appeals court judge’s nomination to the U.S. Supreme Court reached its 125th day with no Senate action, tying for the longest pending nomination ever to the high court.  In a move with little precedent in American history, the Republicans who control the Senate have simply refused to take any action on President Barack Obama’s nomination of Garland, 63, for a lifetime job on the nation’s top court.  Having been nominated on March 16 to replace conservative Justice Antonin Scalia, who died on Feb. 13, Garland, chief judge of the federal appeals court in Washington, has now matched Louis Brandeis for the longest time between nomination and Senate action.  In 1916, the Senate voted to confirm Brandeis, making him America’s first Jewish justice.  The U.S. Constitution assigns the Senate the power to confirm the president’s nominations to the Supreme Court. The Senate’s inaction on Garland has made the court vacancy a key political prize in a presidential election year.  Republicans, hopeful of winning back the White House from the Democrats in the Nov. 8 election, insist that Obama’s successor name Scalia’s replacement, who could have a lasting effect on the ideological balance of a court now split with four liberals and four conservatives.  Obama has appointed two of the current justices: liberals Elena Kagan and Sonia Sotomayor.  The White House and its allies made another push on Tuesday to highlight Republican intransigence.  “Now, despite Chief Judge Garland’s extraordinary qualifications, Republicans in the Senate have refused to do their job, and Chief Judge Garland’s nomination has now been pending longer than any Supreme Court nominee in history who’s nomination was not otherwise withdrawn,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters.  “Despite his outstanding record and qualifications, Republicans have obstructed Judge Garland’s nomination in a way faced by no other Supreme Court nominee in our nation’s history,” added Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid.  The Senate is on recess until September.  For the rival presidential hopefuls, Republican Donald Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton, the Supreme Court vacancy is both a political problem and an opportunity.  In addition to Scalia’s replacement, the next president conceivably could nominate as many as three more justices. Three of the court’s current eight members already are over age 77. That means Obama’s successor could influence the court’s ideological direction for decades.  Some conservatives view Trump with suspicion. But the wealthy New York real estate developer has already floated names of conservative potential nominees in a bid to mollify some on the right.  Garland has established a reputation as a centrist in 19 years as an appellate judge. Some liberal Democrats have said Clinton, if elected, could put forth a nominee more liberal than Garland, so Republicans would be smart to approve him before Obama leaves office on Jan. 20.  Such arguments have not swayed Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, who refuses to let Garland come to a vote.  The development most likely to prod Senate action is the result of the presidential election. Some Republican senators have said if Clinton wins, the Senate should confirm Garland in a “lame-duck” post-election session out of fear Clinton would name someone far more liberal. If Clinton wins, she also could renominate Garland upon taking office.  Garland’s nomination is unusual because there has been no controversy over his suitability to sit on the Supreme Court, as there have been with some nominees in the past. He is widely respected in the legal community and has been praised by both Democrats and Republicans as a moderate.  The White House tried to persuade Republicans to accept Garland when he was first nominated in March. He met with 61 of the 100 senators. But the effort fizzled, and Republicans largely followed McConnell’s lead.  The White House since then has tried to keep the Garland nomination in the public eye, with limited success. Obama wrote an opinion piece in The Wall Street Journal on Monday, pushing for Senate action.  A White House-allied group called the Constitutional Responsibility Project is running a “We Need Nine” campaign that refers to the number of justices on a fully staffed court. It has bought ads in Cleveland, where the Republican presidential nominating convention began on Monday, calling for senators to “do your job” and bring Garland’s nomination to a Senate vote.  In the meantime, Garland is nowhere to be seen. His last public appearance was on June 15 when he spoke at an elementary school commencement event in Washington.  When nominated, Garland stepped aside from pending cases before the appeals court where he works. His only official duties now are administrative as the court's chief judge. A court official said Garland will continue to not participate in cases while the nomination is pending.   ",1
8709,Cleveland police say no shots fired on vehicle near Cleveland convention,"CLEVELAND (Reuters) - Police in Cleveland said that no gunshots had been fired on a transport vehicle near the site of the Republican National Convention on Tuesday following a Reuters report of gunshots. “There were no shots fired on any of our police transport vehicles right now near the Quicken Loans Arena,” officials said in a statement released by the Joint Information Center overseeing security at the four-day event. “We called all transport vehicles. They reported all clear.” Earlier, a Reuters reporter standing near a police officer heard radio traffic stating that shots had been fired. Asked about the radio traffic, officers on the street said shots had been fired at a police transport about half a mile (0.8 km) from the arena. ",1
8710,Justice Department changes social media policy after rogue tweet criticizing CNN,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Justice Department is changing its social media policy following a tweet mistakenly sent from the department’s official account on Tuesday that called CNN “the biggest troll of them all,” a department official said. In a statement, the staff member in the public affairs office “erroneously used the official Department of Justice Twitter handle to post a tweet that was intended for a personal account.” The statement did not identify the staff member, but said the person’s access to the department’s social media accounts had been revoked. Going forward, the Justice Department’s public affairs office will implement “procedural changes” around the use of social media accounts and provide additional training to its employees, the statement said.  The tweet was sent early on Tuesday in response to a CNN story about the campaign of Donald Trump denying his wife Melania’s speech at the Republican Nominating Convention was plagiarized from a 2008 speech by first lady Michelle Obama. “CNN is the biggest troll of them all lmao #petty,” said the tweet, which was later deleted. The Justice Department said, “the tweet does not represent the department’s views and was inappropriate for the Department of Justice’s official account.” “The Justice Department takes this matter very seriously and will continue to take the appropriate steps to prevent it from happening in the future,” said the statement. ",1
8711,Trump's wife seeks to soften his image at raucous Republican convention,"CLEVELAND (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s wife Melania, in her first major political speech on Monday, portrayed her husband as a talented, compassionate and unrelenting leader who would unify rather than divide the country if elected to the White House. The Slovenian-born jewelry designer and former model delivered the speech, part of which strongly resembled an address given by current First Lady Michelle Obama in 2008, to a cheering crowd at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland after a one-minute introduction from Trump.  The presumptive Republican nominee made a dramatic entrance, silhouetted against a white background, to the accompaniment of Queen’s 1977 rock anthem, “We Are the Champions.” “I have been with Donald for 18 years and I have been aware of his love for this country since we first met,” the aspiring first lady told the convention. “He’s tough when he has to be, but he’s also kind and fair and caring.” “Donald wants prosperity for all Americans,” she said, reading from a teleprompter, as people applauded.  Her roughly 15-minute speech was a bid to soften the image of the New York businessman-turned-politician, who has been accused of bigotry and callousness for his calls to suspend Muslim immigration and deport millions of undocumented immigrants if elected. He has also been criticized for insults directed at women, political opponents and journalists. Part of the text referring to the values held by her family was strikingly similar to a section of Michelle Obama’s speech to the Democratic convention in 2008. A Trump campaign official suggested the similarity was the result of an error by her speech writers. “In writing her beautiful speech, Melania’s team of writers took notes on her life’s inspirations, and in some instances included fragments that reflected her own thinking,” Jason Miller, Trump’s senior communications advisor, said in a statement. Trump’s Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton, has accused Trump, 70, of lacking the experience and temperament needed to work in the Oval Office. On Monday, Clinton, 68, used an address to a largely black audience to cast Trump as someone who would divide the country along racial, ethnic and religious lines. The convention’s opening night featured a string of emotional speakers attacking Clinton’s record as secretary of state under President Barack Obama, many arguing she had made Americans vulnerable to Islamist militancy. “I blame Hillary Clinton personally for the death of my son,” said Pat Smith, the mother of an information management officer who was among the four Americans killed in an attack on a U.S. mission in Benghazi, Libya, in 2012. Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, whose administration has been credited with sharply reducing crime in the city during the 1990s and who oversaw the city’s response to the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks that destroyed the World Trade Center and killed almost 3,000 people, gave a highly charged speech slamming Clinton and making the case for Trump. “What I did for New York, Donald Trump will do for America!” he said. The convention erupted in chaos earlier when Trump opponents inside his party stormed out of the room and others chanted, in a failed attempt to force a vote opposing his candidacy. The turmoil threatened efforts by the Trump campaign to show the party had united behind him and distracted from the day’s theme of “Make America Safe Again”. The anti-Trump forces wanted to change the party’s nominating rules to allow delegates to support alternative Republican candidates over Trump. Party leaders held a voice vote, then declared the opponents lacked enough support, triggering pandemonium on the floor of the Cleveland basketball arena where Trump is due to be formally nominated this week for the Nov. 8 election. “This entire system is rigged to force the vote for Donald Trump,” said Kendal Unruh, a delegate from Colorado. While delivering a jolt to the highly scripted program, the rebellion by the anti-Trump forces was quashed. But the furor, an embarrassment to Trump, put a spotlight on the deep divisions within the party that have emerged over his candidacy. A string of senior Republicans, worried about Trump’s temperament and policies, were already avoiding the convention.  The gathering opened on Monday afternoon in the shadow of racially tinged killings of police officers and black men, and as protesters for and against Trump faced off in a plaza a few blocks from the convention, shouting slogans at each other, separated by a wall of police. The protests were largely peaceful, with law enforcement officers outnumbering demonstrators.  Sunday’s shooting of three policemen in Baton Rouge, Louisiana - a targeted attack that may have been retaliation for a series of police killings of black Americans - hung over the gathering. Trump criticized Obama early on Monday over the shootings, saying the Democratic president “doesn’t have a clue.”   The Baton Rouge shootings happened nearly two weeks after police fatally shot a black man there, and after another such death near St. Paul, Minnesota, both of which sparked nationwide protests.  Five policemen were also killed in an ambush in Dallas this month. Trump has sought to position himself as the law-and-order candidate, in an echo of Republican Richard Nixon’s successful presidential campaign of 1968.          (This story has been corrected to delete paragraph 20 which erroneously cited a parody Twitter account in suggesting Donald Trump Jr. threatened the leaders of the attempted revolt) ",1
8712,Virginia high court hears Republican voting-rights lawsuit,"RICHMOND, Virginia (Reuters) - In a case that could have an impact on the November presidential election, the Virginia Supreme Court heard arguments on Tuesday over a Republican lawsuit challenging the blanket restoration of voting rights for 206,000 felons by Democratic Governor Terry McAuliffe. If upheld, McAuliffe’s order could help tip Virginia, a swing state where the vote is traditionally close in presidential elections, in favor of presumptive Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. Lawyers for leaders in the Republican-controlled state legislature argued that McAuliffe exceeded his authority by restoring voting rights en masse, rather than on a case-by-case basis. “Never in Virginia’s 240-year history has a governor exercised clemency power en masse,” Charles Cooper, an attorney for the plaintiffs, told the court. Cooper said history and the language of the state constitution clearly indicate that the restoration of a felon’s rights must be done individually. But Stuart Raphael, Virginia’s solicitor general, said nothing in the constitution restricts McAuliffe’s authority to restore such rights across the board, even though no governor has done so in the past. “If he has the power,” Raphael said, “he has the power.” The plaintiffs have asked the court to block McAuliffe’s action, which also allows felons to serve on juries and hold public office. The court did not say on Tuesday when it may issue a decision in the case. Almost 12,000 felons have registered to vote since McAuliffe’s April 22 executive action, the state elections board said. Many of the convicts benefiting from the order are African-Americans or Latinos, two groups that have voted overwhelmingly for Democratic candidates in the past. Democrat Barack Obama won Virginia in 2012 by about 150,000 votes and in 2008 by about 235,000 votes.  Before the order, felons had to petition the governor individually to restore their voting rights. Virginia is one of four states whose constitutions permanently disenfranchise felons but allow the governor to restore voting rights, according to the Brennan Center for Justice, a non-partisan civil liberties group. McAuliffe and other Democrats have said the restoration of rights to felons who have served their sentences and completed probation is long overdue. The McAuliffe administration has refused to release the names of felons whose rights have been restored, a decision that drew criticism on Tuesday from Justice William Mims. “I cannot understand why a document of such importance has been shielded from litigants and the citizens of Virginia,” he said. ",1
8713,Toxic algae and ice cream party keep top Republicans from Cleveland,"CLEVELAND (Reuters) - As Republicans spilled into Cleveland on Monday to nominate Donald Trump as their presidential candidate, 2012 nominee Mitt Romney had an equally crucial task: Entertaining his grandchildren at his lakeside summer house in New Hampshire. U.S. Senator John McCain of Arizona, the 2008 Republican nominee who has endorsed Trump despite the latter’s insults, attended an ice cream party with his wife, Cindy, and volunteers in his re-election campaign in Prescott, Arizona. He also took part in a veterans’ gathering. “Working out of my office in Miami this week,” former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, who dropped out of the Republican presidential race in February, said in an email to Reuters. Bush had been the most active in attacking Trump on the campaign trail and has said he will not be voting for either Trump or Democrat Hillary Clinton on Nov. 8. His brother, former President George W. Bush and father, former President George H.W. Bush, were also not at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland. These are some of the big names from a long list of prominent Republicans who are not venturing this week to Cleveland, where Trump is to be formally nominated on Thursday after a rough-and-tumble Republican primary fight that ripped wounds in the party that have yet to heal. Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort told reporters the convention is a “healing time” for the party and that Republicans will leave Cleveland united, but he criticized Ohio Governor John Kasich for not participating in an event in his own backyard. And Republicans have moved past the Bush era, he added. “They’re part of the past. We’re dealing with the future,” he said. Kasich, a one-time rival of Trump’s for the nomination, is making the rounds in Cleveland without endorsing Trump or speaking at the convention, a snub that Manafort told NBC’s “Today” show is “embarrassing the state” of Ohio. Kasich adviser John Weaver shot back: “Governor Kasich has made it clear why he hasn’t endorsed Mr. Trump. They share a different world view in how to move the country forward.” Some of the party’s best diverse talent was missing from Cleveland or limiting their participation, including U.S. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, a Cuban-American, and South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley, an Indian-American. Many Republicans feel the party is in sore need of more Republicans like Rubio and Haley to appeal to a broader segment of the electorate. As Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus gaveled the convention to order, Rubio was in Fort Myers, Florida, talking about how to tackle toxic algae polluting some of the state’s waterways. Rubio, who lost to Trump in the primary battle and is running for re-election to the U.S. Senate, is to deliver a short videotaped message to the convention on Wednesday. Haley is to speak at a breakfast for the South Carolina delegation in Cleveland on Wednesday. “Chairman Reince Priebus asked if Governor Haley would speak at the convention a couple weeks ago. Governor Haley was grateful for the invitation and looks forward to attending the convention, but, as we have said before, she has no plans to speak so she declined the opportunity,” said her deputy chief of staff, Rob Godfrey. Romney, who has been a prominent voice among the anti-Trump forces, was in Wolfeboro, New Hampshire, with 36 members of his family for their annual summer gathering, a spokeswoman said. Danny Diaz, who was campaign manager for Jeb Bush’s presidential campaign, said the convention is missing a chance to show off some of its most talented Republican politicians. “It speaks to where we are as a party at the moment more than anything else,” he said.  Former Vice President Dick Cheney was in Wyoming helping the congressional campaign of his daughter, Liz Cheney, and former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, who was talked about as a possible vice presidential running mate for Trump, was at home in Palo Alto, California. “Writing her book about democracy!” said her chief of staff, Georgia Godfrey. Some of Trump’s former rivals for the nomination are speaking in Cleveland, like U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, former Texas Governor Rick Perry, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie and former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee. But some of the others felled by Trump were doing other things. U.S. Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky, an eye doctor, was providing free eye care in Paducah, Kentucky. U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham was in his home state of South Carolina for the week. Republican strategist Ryan Williams said the no-shows are  evidence of a party still deeply fractured, despite the calls for unity. “It shows that Trump has more work to do uniting the party and that he should continue to try to bring Republicans together even after the convention,” Williams said. ",1
8714,"Protesters face off in downtown Cleveland, separated by police","(Reuters) - Protesters for and against Trump faced off in a plaza a few blocks from the site of the Republican National Convention in downtown Cleveland on Monday, shouting slogans at each other but avoiding physical confrontation.  Dozens of protesters were separated by a wall of police that looked equal in number.  To one side of the police line at the foot of the Key Tower, Cleveland’s tallest building, demonstrators shouted, “Black Lives Matter.” From the other side came, “You’re a bunch of anarchists.” The exchanges marked the first emotionally charged demonstration at the 2016 Republican National Convention, where security forces are on alert for potentially disruptive conflicts.  A combination of intense rhetoric by presumptive Republican candidate Donald J. Trump, recent police shootings of African- Americans in Baton Rouge and the Minneapolis area, and the killings of police in Dallas and Baton Rouge has raised tensions in the run-up to the convention.  Alicia Street, 31, a Black Lives Matter activist from Ferguson, Missouri, told Reuters that police appeared to outnumber the protesters. “We don’t need all these police. This is just free speech,” Street said shortly after a group of pro-Trump protesters left the area. “They are going to make people afraid.” Smaller demonstrations were held elsewhere in the downtown area. At least two protesters were seen carrying firearms. A  group of people identifying themselves as “anti-gay Christians” shouted at a rival group. One person carried a sign that read, “Stop being a sinner and obey Jesus.” A speaker at an anti-Trump rally was arrested, but police said it was unrelated to the campaign. One protest leader, Kait McIntyre, 27, said organizers from her group had sought permission for weeks to march outside the protest zone and only recently received it from the city.  “We wanted to get within sight and sound of the actual convention. We wanted our voices heard,” she said. ",1
8715,"U.S. TV networks, amid strong ad sales, boost coverage for Trump's convention","(Reuters) - U.S. TV networks, buoyed by strong demand from advertisers, are adding hours of coverage for this week’s Republican National Convention compared to four years ago and planning to use social media to capture any  unexpected moments, executives said. Presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump may be new to politics. But the former star of his own reality show “The Apprentice” is a TV veteran who has promised to throw out the traditional convention script and provide a “showbiz” feel. Adding to the programing uncertainty are protests outside the convention hall in Cleveland and the possibility of dissent among delegates.  “It’s safe to say that there are going to be surprises,” said Sam Feist, Washington bureau chief for CNN, the cable news network owned by Time Warner Inc (TWX.N).      The stakes are high for broadcast and cable networks. Media analysts predict viewership for Trump’s acceptance speech could surpass the record 38 million who watched Barack Obama address the Democratic convention in 2008. The potential for the unexpected at what is usually a meticulously staged event is driving strong advertiser demand, network executives said. CNN is pulling in between $40,000 and $100,000 for 30-second spots, a source familiar with the matter said. That is far above the typical cost of roughly $7,000 for a primetime ad on CNN. “We are 100 percent sold on primetime and about 95 percent sold on other slots,” said Katrina Cukaj, executive vice president of portfolio sales and client partnerships at CNN parent Turner Broadcasting. She declined to comment on rates. Quick service restaurants and movie studios are running more spots than in past conventions, Cukaj said. “The advertisers are a lot more diverse than I have ever seen,” Cukaj said. Broadcaster CBS (CBS.N) has seen strong ad sales for both conventions and has booked ads from the entertainment, packaged goods, travel and other industries, a network source said. In 2012, TV advertisers spent $5.8 million during both conventions, compared to $7.8 million in 2008, according to Kantar Media. Cable networks will provide coverage throughout each day and into the evening. Broadcast networks plan one hour of primetime coverage each of the four nights, plus online reports. In 2012, broadcasters aired an hour of only the last three nights. CNN will have hundreds of staff on the ground, more than any previous convention, Feist said. For the first time, the channel is anchoring every show from Cleveland through noon Friday. The network will face plenty of competition. Fox News Channel, owned by 21st Century Fox (FOXA.O), began its coverage from Cleveland on Thursday, four days before the start, compared to Sunday in years past. It also added staff outside to cover protests.  Trump’s acceptance speech could attract more than 40 million viewers, said Kyle Roberts, president and chief executive of Smart Media Group, a media buyer that works with Republican candidates. Some brands will avoid the convention, said Barry Lowenthal, president of The Media Kitchen, a media buyer. “It’s just dangerous territory,” Lowenthal said. “It’s very unpredictable content. I’m not sure that convention is going to enhance any brand’s image. Why go there if you can go elsewhere?” Media outlets say they will rely more heavily this year on social media and live streams. MSNBC correspondent Jacob Soboroff said he expects to broadcast live most of the week. When not on television, he plans to be on Snapchat, Twitter and possibly Facebook Live. “This is going to be a different kind of convention,” Soboroff said. “It doesn’t feel like business as usual because there is a lot of energy around that feels uncertain.” Walt Disney Co’s (DIS.N) ABC News will run up to six live streams simultaneously on its website and apps. Live coverage from CBS will appear on Twitter and the 24-hour CBSN mobile app. CBS is preparing for the possibility that Trump will appear in some role every night, another break from tradition, CBS News President David Rhodes said. ",1
8716,"For Islamophobia, take two of these and call a Muslim in the morning","CLEVELAND (Reuters) - The normally straight-laced Council on American-Islamic Relations tried humor to win over Republicans at their national convention on Monday, handing out packets of a satirical medicine called “Islamophobin,” a treatment for Islamophobia. Islamophobin, which is really just chewing gum in a clever package, promises to treat “blind intolerance, unthinking bigotry, irrational fear of Muslims, (and) U.S. presidential election year scapegoating.” On the first day of the Republican convention to nominate Donald Trump for the Nov. 8 election, CAIR leaders urged the party not to push Muslims voters away. Trump has proposed a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States. He opposes letting in refugees from the Syrian war, suggesting some may be militants posing as the downtrodden. He has made claims, unsupported to date, that thousands of Muslims in New Jersey openly cheered the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. In an interview broadcast Monday on CNN, Trump’s wife Melania, due to speak at the convention later in the day, said of her husband: “He’s not racist, he’s not anti-immigrant,” and added, “He wants to keep America safe.” CAIR Executive Director Nihad Awad urged Republicans instead to court Muslims voters, saying they could be crucial in swing states that decide presidential elections. “Too often over the course of this campaign, Republican presidential candidates have pandered to these inner-core Islamophobic leaders and their supporters with proposals like patrolling so-called Muslim neighborhoods, surveilling and shutting down mosques, and openly questioning whether a Muslim can serve as president,” Awad said. As a prescription, Awad offered Islamophobin, a concept borrowed from Muslims in Sweden who created a similar product. CAIR sells a package of 12 sugar-free pieces for $1.99 on amazon.com.  The package says: “Take two and call a Muslim in the morning.” But it comes with a warning. “Those who already believe in religious diversity, tolerance and mutual understanding should not use this product,” the package says.  “Stop taking this product if you begin to develop warm feelings toward Muslims, immigrants or refugees.” Nearby at a separate event, Christian demonstrators tried to eclipse a speech by Rose Hamid, a Muslim woman who was ejected from a Trump rally in South Carolina in January for her silent protest, by standing up wearing her head scarf and a T-shirt reading, “Salam, I come in peace.” As Hamid spoke in favor of a peaceful coexistence at a platform in Public Square set aside for scheduled speeches, the small group behind her hoisted signs such as one saying, “Muhammad is a liar, false-prophet, child-raping pervert.” When they tried to drown out Hamid with a bullhorn, she turned around to see them for the first time and remarked, “Oh, they’re lovely.” Police then removed them from the scene for demonstrating without a permit. ",1
8717,Republican 2016 platform calls for reinstating 1933 banking law,"CLEVELAND (Reuters) - The U.S. Republican Party on Monday approved a new policy platform that calls for reinstating the 1933 Glass-Steagall law requiring the separation of commercial and investment banking, an addition White House hopeful Donald Trump’s campaign said it backed. Trump, who will formally accept the Republican presidential nomination in Cleveland this week, has vowed to dismantle most of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law that was passed under President Barack Obama following the 2007-2009 financial crisis. The language in the Republican platform offered further details on Trump’s regulatory policies. Trump, who has sought to cast himself as a populist, has accused presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton of being too close to Wall Street. Her husband, former President Bill Clinton, signed the legislation that repealed Glass-Steagall in 1999. “The Obama-Clinton years have passed legislation that has been favorable to the big banks, which is why you see all the Wall Street money going to her,” Paul Manafort, Trump’s campaign manager, told reporters on Monday. “They know she’s their champion, and they are supporting her fully.” Some U.S. lawmakers in both parties support a modern Glass-Steagall to keep banks from becoming “too big to fail,” or so big their collapse would destabilize the financial system. The Democratic Party’s 2016 platform, which has not been approved, calls for an updated version.  Republicans universally despise Dodd-Frank, which their platform calls “Democrats’ legislative Godzilla.” But senior congressional Republicans back other alternatives. “Glass-Steagall is dumb politics and dumb economics,” said Tony Fratto, who worked in the administration of Republican President George W. Bush. “Returning to Glass-Steagall would be destructive and unworkable.” Clinton has said she would break up banks based on risk, not size, and frequently focuses on the risks posed by non-bank institutions. Manafort listed the Glass-Steagall language among platform points he said “reflect the issues that Mr. Trump has raised during the course of the campaign,” including building a wall at the border with Mexico and calling for tougher trade deals. The platform also calls for control of national parks and other lands to be handed over to states, an effort by the party’s conservative wing that got national attention during a 2014 standoff involving a Nevada cattle rancher. ",1
8718,Presidential candidate Clinton promises to prosecute police killers,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Hillary Clinton promised on Monday to bring the “full weight of the law” against people who kill police officers if she becomes the next U.S. president after two recent episodes of gunmen slaying police officers in Dallas and Baton Rouge. Clinton, the presumptive Democratic candidate ahead of a Nov. 8 election, made the promise in a speech in Cincinnati at the annual convention of the civil rights group the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. “Anyone who kills a police officer and anyone who helps must be held accountable,” Clinton said. “As president, I will bring the full weight of the law to bear to make sure those who kill police officers are brought to justice.”  The penalties for killing a police officer are rightly more severe than those for killing a civilian because police are symbols of the rule of law, she said. Clinton’s remarks come among heighten tensions between police forces and many black and Latino Americans, who have been rallying in protests across the country against a spate of police killings of black men, often unarmed, during encounters. A black former soldier killed five police officers during one such protest in Dallas, Texas, on July 7. On Sunday, another black former U.S. Marine sergeant killed three police officers in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.  ",1
8719,U.S. police deaths build momentum for law to treat attacks as hate crimes,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - When the U.S. Congress returns in September from a summer recess, it is expected to consider legislation called the Blue Lives Matter Act that would make killing a police officer a hate crime, a step first taken by Louisiana earlier this year.  Debate in Louisiana over the law enacted in May pitted police unions, which supported tougher hate-crime sentences for police assailants, against civil rights groups, which felt police did not face the historic discrimination hate-crime laws were intended to address.  The Louisiana debate could play out on a national stage with the Blue Lives Matter Act as police shooting deaths this month in Dallas and Baton Rouge stoke momentum for action to combat violence against police and build support for the law.  “Since the Baton Rouge tragedy, we’ve received calls and messages from around the country from individuals asking about the Blue Lives Matter Act, and we’re confident more members of Congress will be co-sponsoring the legislation as soon as they can when Congress reconvenes,” said Kyle Huwa, a spokesman for the bill’s author, Colorado Republican Representative Ken Buck.  Sixteen Republicans in the House of Representatives are co-sponsoring the bill, which was introduced in March and has failed to gain Democratic support. Its title plays off the Black Lives Matter movement that arose in protest against police use of force against minorities, especially black men, and deaths of minorities at the hands of police in recent years.  Fraternal Order of Police Executive Director Jim Pasco said he has in private meetings urged President Barack Obama, Vice President Joe Biden and Attorney General Loretta Lynch to protect police under the federal hate crime statute.  That law covers violence motivated by bias against a victim’s race, gender, national origin, religion or sexual orientation and imposes harsher penalties as a deterrent. But Pasco said he received no confirmation such a move would be supported by the administration. The Justice Department and the White House declined to comment on their positions.  In the shooting deaths of three police officers in Baton Rouge on Sunday, Louisiana prosecutors would have been able to seek hate crime penalties against gunman Gavin Long if he had survived. Kristen Clarke, president of the Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, a Washington based advocacy group, said many states have increased penalties for assaults against police and police deaths have been declining. Police shootings overall have been down in recent years. Preliminary Federal Bureau of Investigation statistics released Monday show 41 law enforcement officers were feloniously killed in the line of duty in 2015. That was down almost 20 percent from 51 officers killed in 2014. “We should not use this as a moment to dilute the unique problem of long standing discrimination and violence directed toward groups on the basis of race in our country,” Clarke said. ",1
8720,Obama administration asks Supreme Court to rehear immigration case,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - In a last-ditch effort to revive a White House plan to protect up to 4 million immigrants from deportation, the Obama administration on Monday asked the U.S. Supreme Court to rehear a case on which the eight-member court was split 4-4 last month. The June 23 high court decision left in place a lower court ruling that blocked the plan, which has never been in effect. The court is currently one justice short following the death of Justice Antonin Scalia in February. In a filing, the Justice Department asked the court to take a second look at the case once it has a full complement of nine justices. It is unclear when that would be, as the Republican-controlled U.S. Senate has declined to act on Obama’s nominee, appeals court judge Merrick Garland. As such, even if the Supreme Court was to grant the request, it is unlikely to rule on the case until well after Obama leaves office in January. Acknowledging that the high court rarely rehears cases, Acting Solicitor General Ian Gershengorn said the immigration case is unique because the court could not in future take another case to resolve the issue if the plan is blocked. The high court “should be the final arbiter of these matters through a definitive ruling,” he wrote. Obama unveiled his plan in November 2014. It was quickly challenged in court by Republican-governed Texas and 25 other states that argued that Obama overstepped the powers granted to him by the U.S. Constitution by infringing upon the authority of Congress. “Because we are right on the law, we have prevailed at every stage in this case, and we are confident that we will continue to prevail,” said Marc Rylander, a spokesman for Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton.  As a result of the high court’s 4-4 split, a 2015 lower-court ruling invalidating Obama’s plan was left in place. The plan never was implemented because the lower courts had blocked it. The plan was tailored to let roughly 4 million people - those who have lived illegally in the United States at least since 2010, have no criminal record and have children who are U.S. citizens or lawful permanent residents - get into a program that shields them from deportation and supplies work permits. Obama took the action after Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives killed bipartisan immigration legislation that was passed by the Senate in 2013. ",1
8721,Republican convention in turmoil as anti-Trump delegates protest,"CLEVELAND (Reuters) - The Republican National Convention was in an uproar on Monday after opponents of presumptive U.S. presidential nominee Donald Trump failed in their effort to hold a roll-call vote in opposition to his candidacy. The anti-Trump forces at the Cleveland convention started shouting “Roll Call” after the party leaders approved by acclamation rules at the start of the convention that barred them from registering their opposition. Party leaders declared there was insufficient support to allow for a roll-call vote that would record the number of delegates opposed to Trump, a New York businessman who has never held political office and has struggled to win over many mainstream Republicans. Some delegates walked out of the convention in protest at the leaders’ ruling while others chanted loudly, demanding a roll-call vote take place. Trump last week declared the so-called “Never Trump” movement dead, tweeting that “#NeverTrump is never more.” ",1
8722,"After Brexit, Kerry pays tribute to EU achievements","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry paid tribute to the European Union on Monday as it tries to heal the wound of Britain’s vote to leave, saying detractors were overlooking what it had achieved in alliance with America. “I ask anyone who questions the importance of the EU or its relationship with the United States, (to consider) not just the history that I articulated, but the increase of prosperity, the rise in the standard of living ... the better protection of rights for individuals in the EU, as a consequence of what we have done together,” Kerry said in Brussels. He was speaking at a joint news conference with EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini after a meeting with his European counterparts including Boris Johnson, Britain’s new foreign minister, who led the Leave campaign. His comments sounded like a jab at presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, who last month forecast the break-up of the EU due to fears over immigration, and at Johnson, who during the campaign compared the EU’s ambitions with those of Hitler and Napoleon. Kerry, a Democrat, spoke of the close ties between the United States and European Union dating back to the U.S. role in freeing Europe from Nazism in World War Two. But he acknowledged that such memories were fading.  “There’s a whole separation of time which has changed attitudes of some people,” he said, adding that in the face of common threats such as Islamist militancy, the EU-U.S. partnership was “as important as it has ever been”. Mogherini responded that it sometimes took a clear-sighted transatlantic view to put Europe’s value into perspective. “I would like to thank you personally, and through you the U.S. administration of President Obama for the strong message and clear message that we always hear from you on the need for a strong and united Europe,” she said.  “Sometimes we need our closest friends, our best friends, to remind us of the extraordinary value of the European Union.” ",1
8723,U.S. officials working to restore public trust in police: attorney general,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch on Monday strongly condemned the weekend slaying of three Louisiana police officers and said federal authorities were working to help restore public trust in police following a series of violent incidents. Lynch, in remarks prepared for a conference of black law enforcement officers, condemned the Baton Rouge attack “in the strongest terms possible” and said agents from the FBI and other federal agencies were in the city to help local authorities. “At the Department of Justice, we are determined to do everything we can to bridge divides, to heal rifts, to restore trust, and to ensure that every American feels respected, supported, and safe,” Lynch said in remarks prepared for the event.  ",1
8724,U.S. shootings heighten security concerns at Republican convention,"CLEVELAND (Reuters) - Cleveland’s police union called for the suspension of a state law allowing people to carry firearms during the Republican National Convention but Ohio’s governor said he was powerless to act despite heightened security concerns with the killing on Sunday of three police officers in Louisiana.  Republican Donald Trump seized on the shooting deaths in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, to bolster his case the United States is leaderless and he is the better candidate in the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election to restore law and order than his rival, Democrat Hillary Clinton. It was not immediately clear there was a link between Sunday’s shootings and recent unrest countrywide over police killings of black men, one of them a shooting in Baton Rouge about two weeks ago. Despite a lack of clarity about the motive and specifics of Sunday’s incident, Trump said President Barack Obama “doesn’t have a clue” on how to handle the problem after Obama voiced concern about inflammatory rhetoric on the campaign trail.  “Our country is a divided crime scene, and it will only get worse!” Trump said. He issued statements on Twitter on Sunday, a day before the start of the four-day Republican Convention in Cleveland this week due to formally nominate him for the White House. After the shootings in Baton Rouge, in which three other police officers were wounded, the head of Cleveland’s police union, Steve Loomis, asked Governor John Kasich to suspend state laws allowing people to openly carry firearms, but Kasich said he lacked the authority to do so. Kasich, a Republican who lost his bid for the White House to Trump, issued a statement through his spokeswoman Emmalee Kalmbach, saying: “Ohio governors do not have the power to arbitrarily suspend federal and state constitutional rights or state laws as suggested. The bonds between our communities and police must be reset and rebuilt - as we’re doing in Ohio - so our communities and officers can both be safe.” Clinton called the shootings “devastating” and urged the country to work together. “We must not turn our backs on each other. We must not be indifferent to each other,” Clinton said in a statement. “We must all stand together to reject violence and strengthen our communities.” Speaking at the White House, Obama said that with this week’s Republican convention followed next week by the Democratic convention in Philadelphia, political rhetoric would likely be more overheated than usual. “We don’t need inflammatory rhetoric, we don’t need careless accusations thrown around to score political points or to advance an agenda. We need to temper our words and open our hearts, all of us,” Obama told reporters. There were no plans to delay Monday’s start of the Cleveland convention, where thousands of Republican delegates are gathering amid a threat of protests both for and against Trump, 70, a businessman-turned-candidate. Security was extraordinarily tight with downtown streets lined by concrete traffic dividers and tall metal fences, propelled by a new urgency after an attacker drove his truck into a holiday crowd in Nice, France, last week, killing 84 people. Jeff Larson, chief executive officer of the convention, said he was not worried about the open carry law. “There’s going to be plenty of law enforcement in downtown Cleveland,” he told reporters. “I feel good about the security and what we’ve done.” Trump sought to link the violence to the U.S.-led fight against Islamic State, writing: “We are TRYING to fight ISIS, and now our own people are killing our police. Our country is divided and out of control. The world is watching.” Trump enters the crucial week trailing Clinton in most national opinion polls and needs a bounce from the convention to vault him into a more competitive position. Republican strategist Hogan Gidley said the violence gave relevance to Trump’s message. “It’s something that Donald Trump and his crowd were already prepared to talk about,” he said. “This is an epidemic in this country now and we’ve got to solve it.” Democratic strategist David Axelrod tweeted that Trump’s effort to make himself a law-and-order candidate reminded him of a similar attempt by Richard Nixon in 1968, when the Republican won his first presidential election. “Someone’s been studying ‘68,” Axelrod tweeted. Trump’s goal at the convention is to get more American voters to take a fresh look at him and, he hopes, to see him in a more favorable light, after his victory over 16 other Republican candidates in a brutal battle marked by insults and inflammatory rhetoric that left many in the party divided. To that end, many speakers will talk about their views on Trump, from daughter Ivanka to women’s pro golfer Natalie Gulbis.”It’s going to be a very personal convention. I mean, you’re going to have his family speaking. You’re going to have friends who have known him speaking,” Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort told CBS’s “Face the Nation.” Many longtime party fixtures are staying away. Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus, who has been a private counselor to Trump, said the convention would help Trump pivot to the general election. “He’s never run for anything before. ... I think it’s just taken longer to pivot, and I think he’s pivoting,” Priebus told NBC’s “Meet the Press.”  The convention will also provide Republican faithful with their first look at his vice presidential running mate, Indiana Governor Mike Pence, who was announced on Saturday after a messy selection process. Hoping to win over more traditional Republicans, Trump picked the social conservative Pence over two other finalists, former House of Representatives Speaker Newt Gingrich and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie. The disorganized nature of the running mate rollout - in which Trump failed to fully project the power of the partnership  - had some Republicans worried that they could see more of the same at Cleveland. ",1
8725,Police union: Open carry of guns should be suspended at Republican convention in Cleveland,"CLEVELAND (Reuters) - The head of the Cleveland police union on Sunday urged Ohio’s governor to declare a state of emergency and to suspend laws allowing the open carrying of firearms during the Republican National Convention, after the shooting of six police officers in Louisiana. “I don’t care what the legal precedent is, I feel strongly that leadership needs to stand up and defend these police officers,” Steve Loomis, the head of the police union, told Reuters in an interview at the union’s headquarters on Sunday. The four-day convention is due to begin on Monday.  ",1
8726,Art of the spin: Trump bankers question his portrayal of financial comeback,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Donald Trump, who often says he only likes winners, tells one grand tale of loss: In 1990, he nearly went bankrupt and was forced to ask dozens of banks to whom he owed money to change the terms on their loans and forgive some of his debts. It was, the real estate developer admits in his 1997 book “The Art of the Comeback,” the darkest period of his professional life. In his telling, it’s a story of redemption, of resilience, and proof of his exceptional negotiating skills and shrewd thinking. Six people who participated in the loan workout negotiations have a different recollection, raising questions about a key part of the personal narrative that many of Trump’s supporters have found compelling as he campaigns to be the next president of the United States on Nov. 8. On the campaign trail he has portrayed himself as a survivor and a master negotiator. Trump says his comeback began when he recognized a downturn in the real estate market and quickly asked banks to renegotiate his loans. “That decision was perhaps the smartest thing I did,” he wrote. The six bankers and lawyers involved in the talks say the bailout wasn’t based on any overture Trump initiated with the banks - and the terms of the deal were dictated by what was best for the banks, not Trump.  Three of the participants say Trump didn’t acknowledge he had a problem until his lenders reviewed his books, realized he was on the brink of collapse, and summoned him for debt restructuring talks.  While much has been written about Trump’s financial troubles at the time, there has been little examination of his description of the bank negotiations in “The Art of the Comeback,” including his assertion that he chose to initiate those talks. Trump’s spokeswoman, Hope Hicks, declined to comment for this story. Following the U.S. stock market crash of 1987, a global recession hit New York real estate. New construction stalled, and several big developers declared bankruptcy.  As the real estate market slumped, Trump ran out of cash. At the beginning of 1990 he owed a combined $4 billion to more than 70 banks, with $800 million personally guaranteed by his own assets, according to Alan Pomerantz, a lawyer whose team led negotiations between Trump and 72 banks to restructure Trump’s loans. Pomerantz was hired by Citibank but became lead counsel for the negotiations. At the time, Trump was not considered a major developer, but he was a New York celebrity. His affair with the actress Marla Maples and his divorce from his first wife Ivana Trump made national news headlines, and his first book, “The Art of the Deal,” was a bestseller. He didn’t have a large portfolio of real estate in New York, with the notable exceptions of his 5th Avenue building, Trump Tower, completed in 1983, and the Plaza Hotel, which he bought in 1988 after borrowing heavily from Citibank. He also owned three casinos in Atlantic City, having made a financial bet that he could revive the East Coast gambling destination. And in 1989 he added part of an airline to his portfolio, again turning to Citibank for a loan to help finance the acquisition of bankrupt Eastern Airlines Shuttle. He turned it into Trump Shuttle. In 1989, in response to growing concerns about the economic downturn, the Federal Reserve began asking big banks to review their exposure to the sinking real estate market. At the beginning of 1990, a credit specialist at one of Trump’s biggest lenders decided to take a look at the bank’s book of loans to him. The decision was prompted in part by the Fed’s questions, as well as concerns within the bank about its exposure to the real estate market. The credit specialist, who did not want to be identified, concluded at the time that Trump was “about to go into bankruptcy.”  “The banks were onto the problem before he was onto the problem,” the specialist told Reuters. Pomerantz said some of the banks became aware of the magnitude of Trump’s financial problems when, on a single day, he drew down every cent of a $100 million line of credit one of the banks, Banker’s Trust, which was purchased by Deutsche Bank in 1999, had given him to meet his obligations. Reuters was unable to independently confirm this. “He did not come to the banks and say ‘I have a problem.’ That did not happen,” said Pomerantz. Pomerantz, who says he is not a member of any political party, argued in an opinion piece in the Wall Street Journal that Trump’s record in real estate was not a good way to measure whether or not he would be a good president.  In “The Art of the Comeback,” Trump says he began loan workout talks in March 1990 when he informed his bankers he might miss a payment on his casino debts.  “If I had waited just six months longer to renegotiate terms with the banks, I might have lost everything,” he wrote. “I would have had to stand in line with a whole bunch of other moguls who were trying to do the same thing.” Soon, in boardrooms of banks and law firms around Manhattan, Trump’s deputies and lawyers began a series of meetings with representatives of the 72 banks, which had billions in outstanding loans, according to Pomerantz. During the same period, Trump was separately renegotiating a series of loans on his Atlantic City casinos. One of the bankers involved in those negotiations, Ben Berzin, said Trump seemed unaware of the depths of his financial troubles even after the banks had stepped in.  “There was a period during these negotiations when he was still spending money like a drunken sailor,” Berzin said, recalling the uproar among the bankers when, in a TV interview in the summer of 1991, Trump displayed a large diamond engagement ring he had given Maples. Media reports said the ring cost $250,000, and Pomerantz said the bankers complained about it to Trump in their next meeting. At one point, Trump invited all of the bankers to a Broadway show that Maples had a role in, according to Berzin and a banker who took part in the larger talks with the 72 banks. Both said they believed Trump was trying to curry favor to win better terms in the workouts. Berzin attended the show but the other banker did not. Trump described Berzin in “The Art of the Comeback” as a “jerk” who would “scream at people at the top of his lungs about nonsense.” Berzin said he was irritated by Trump’s characterization and denied ever raising his voice in a meeting. In his book, Trump says he told representatives of the 72 banks he would declare bankruptcy and “tie you guys up for years” in the proceedings unless they staked him $65 million to keep his businesses running until the real estate market recovered. He also wanted them to agree to defer all loan payments until that time.   “The banks more than capitulated - they enthusiastically agreed to my proposal,” Trump wrote. The bankers and lawyers interviewed dispute this. Though it was true that a personal bankruptcy would have made it harder for the banks to collect what Trump owed them, he had little leverage in the talks, they said. He, too, would have been seriously hurt in a bankruptcy, especially since he had personally guaranteed so much of what he had borrowed. In Pomerantz’s analysis, he would have been able to hold on to little else beyond his home and his pension plan. During the 18-month process of negotiations and asset sales, Trump also asked for more time to develop his business ideas, like his plan to turn hotel rooms at the Plaza Hotel into condominiums, according to one of the bankers, who declined to be identified. That proposal was vetoed. While he did receive a $450,000-a-month allowance from the banks to keep his business operations going, it was structured and executed on the banks’ terms, several of the negotiators said. The banks decided they could recover more of the $4 billion they were collectively owed if they sold Trump’s holdings one by one, waiting until the market recovered, rather than taking possession of the assets, four participants in the talks said.  These individuals said the banks agreed to forgive Trump’s personal liabilities in exchange for his help in selling the properties. The proceeds of the sales would then be split among the banks. Trump agreed that the banks could take away all his personal property, including his beloved Florida estate, Mar-a-Lago, if he failed to execute the agreement. “We had to be sure he would pay attention,” Pomerantz said of the liens on Trump’s personal holdings. “We would meet with him every Friday morning. He was under very strict restrictions by the banks.”  Trump worked with the bankers to sell his assets, even when he disagreed about the timing of the sales, most notably when Citibank eventually sold The Plaza. The banks did not recover 100 percent of what they were owed and several lenders vowed never to work with Trump again. ",1
8727,Ohio governor lacks power to suspend open carry law: spokeswoman,"CLEVELAND (Reuters) - Ohio Governor John Kasich lacks the power to suspend a state law allowing citizens to openly carry guns, his office said on Sunday, after a police union official called for a suspension ahead of the Republican National Convention in Cleveland. “Ohio governors do not have the power to arbitrarily suspend federal and state constitutional rights or state laws as suggested. The bonds between our communities and police must be reset and rebuilt - as we’re doing in Ohio - so our communities and officers can both be safe. Everyone has an important role to play in that renewal,” Kasich spokeswoman Emmalee Kalmbach said. ",1
8728,Trump blames Baton Rouge shooting on 'lack of leadership',"CLEVELAND (Reuters) - Republican Donald Trump responded to the killing of three police officers in Louisiana on Sunday by renewing his call for greater leadership and “law and order.”  “We grieve for the officers killed in Baton Rouge today. How many law enforcement and people have to die because of a lack of leadership in our country?” Trump, the party’s presumptive presidential nominee posted on Facebook. “We demand law and order.”  ",1
8729,Exclusive: U.S. curtails federal election observers,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Federal election observers can only be sent to five states in this year’s U.S. presidential election, among the smallest deployments since the Voting Rights Act was passed in 1965 to end racial discrimination at the ballot box. The plan, confirmed in a U.S. Department of Justice fact sheet seen by Reuters, reflects changes brought about by the Supreme Court’s 2013 decision to strike down parts of the Act, a signature legislative achievement of the 1960s civil rights movement. Voting rights advocates told Reuters they were concerned that the scaling-back of observers would make it harder to detect and counter efforts to intimidate or hinder voters, especially in southern states with a history of racial discrimination at the ballot box. The Supreme Court ruling undercut a key section of the Act that requires such states to obtain U.S. approval before changing election laws. The court struck down the formula used to determine which states were affected. By doing so, it ended the Justice Department’s ability to select voting areas it deemed at risk of racial discrimination and deploy observers there, the fact sheet said. Eleven mostly Southern states had been certified as needing federal observers by the department. Federal observers can still be sent to monitor elections but only when authorized by federal court rulings. Currently, courts have done so in five states: Alabama, Alaska, California, Louisiana, and New York, according to the Justice Department. A Justice Department spokesman declined to comment on the fact sheet or say how many people will be deployed to monitor voting until closer to the Nov. 8 election pitting Republican Donald Trump against Democrat Hillary Clinton. In recent presidential elections, the Justice Department has sent more than 780 people to watch elections around the country. They were split into three categories. The Supreme Court ruling reduced that to two, according to the document. One category is Justice Department staff, who have no statutory authority to access polling sites but still monitor voting nationwide. They must rely on local and state authorities to grant them access to polling locations. A second group are federal observers trained by the Office of Personnel Management with unfettered access to polling sites. They are only deployed by federal court order. A third group — which the document said has been eliminated by the Supreme Court decision — are federal observers deployed to jurisdictions that the attorney general selected based on evidence of possible racial discrimination. They were also trained by the Office of Personnel Management and had full access to polling sites. Attorney General Loretta Lynch said on Friday the Justice Department’s ability to deploy election observers had been “severely curtailed” by the Supreme Court’s decision. Since Congress passed the 1965 Act, federal observers have gathered evidence of unlawful activity and prepared reports from polling sites that can be used as evidence in court. In the November 2004 presidential election, the last for which the Justice Department provided numbers of federal observers, about 840 federal observers and more than 250 department personnel were dispatched to polling sites in 86 jurisdictions in 25 states. “The mix of tools has shifted,” said Justin Levitt, who oversees the Justice Department’s voting section. The department still has the ability to send in personnel and take legal action against election officials where necessary, he said in an interview. But Justice Department staff who monitor elections have significantly less authority than federal observers. At any point on Election Day, Justice Department staff can be denied entry to a voting area or asked to leave, unlike a federal observer. That could make it more difficult to gather evidence of voting problems and potentially make it harder to prosecute cases of suppression, say voting rights advocates. Suppression can take a number of forms, such as intimidating or misinforming voters, or denying them access to voting materials in their own language. Relying on Justice Department personnel to monitor elections is “a far cry” from federal observers who are statutorily authorized to be inside the polling place, said Gerry Hebert, executive director of the Washington, D.C.-based non-profit Campaign Legal Center. Hebert, a former senior Justice Department voting rights official, oversaw teams of federal observers in the U.S. South before leaving the department in 1994. Federal observer reports have been cited in court cases by groups alleging voter fraud. In Sandoval County, New Mexico, federal observer reports showed that Native-American voters had difficulty getting voting information in their native languages during the decade between 1994 and 2004, according to a 2011 court order in a case the United States brought against the county. Dale Ho, director of the American Civil Liberties Union’s Voting Rights Project, said federal observers are especially needed this year because 17 states have tightened restrictions on voting since the last presidential election. “We’re very disappointed by the decision of the Justice Department,” said Ho. The Supreme Court ruling did not mention the federal observer program specifically, “so I don’t think this decision was inevitable,” he added. Anita Earls, the executive director of the Southern Coalition for Social Justice and a former senior official in the Justice Department’s voting section, said the guaranteed ability of federal observers to examine voter registration rolls and remain inside polling stations makes them more effective than Justice Department staff at catching voter suppression. ",1
8730,"A festival air, and unease, hang over pre-convention Cleveland","CLEVELAND (Reuters) - East 4th Street, emblematic of the new Cleveland as a once-downtrodden area turned trendy, is bustling ahead of the Republican National Convention. Outdoor diners on the cobblestone restaurant row enjoy a glorious summer afternoon while cable network MSNBC shoots its politically themed shows on the street.  Just ahead of the four-day convention that starts on Monday, a festival of commerce and smiling faces takes place a few steps from the so-called hard zone, delineated by a literal iron curtain that surrounds the sports arena where Donald Trump will be crowned the Republican presidential candidate. “Ten years ago, this place was a dump. A wasteland,” said John Lusk, 70, a semiretired publisher of a newsletter. “A group of young, hardworking entrepreneurs came in and look what they did.”    The sunny celebration butts uncomfortably against a massive security operation that shows the other side of Cleveland’s big moment. City and U.S. officials are preparing for the worst, aware that tensions over race relations and police use of force, as well as reaction to Trump’s polarizing campaign, could result in violence on the streets. Clevelanders are also aware of the backdrop for their convention: the mass shooting in Orlando that killed 50 people in June, the sniper attack that killed five Dallas police this month, and the truck assault that killed 84 this week in Nice. On this same idyllic block just over a year ago, police in riot gear clashed with demonstrators reacting to the acquittal of police officer charged with manslaughter for firing 15 rounds into the car of an unarmed black man and woman, killing them both. More than 70 people were arrested, disturbing the al fresco dining experience on East 4th Street. Unrest also followed the fatal police shooting in 2014 of 12-year-old Tamir Rice, an African-American who had a toy gun, and the officer who shot him was not charged with a crime. Cleveland, a city of 390,000, has been revitalized in part by billions of dollars in infrastructure spending in recent years, but the black majority still lags behind. Black Lives Matter, the protest group formed after a series of police killings of African-Americans raised questions about justice in America, held a protest on Saturday in Public Square. It was entirely peaceful, with about 100 activists clapping to speeches. In between the civic protest and festival atmosphere, there are pockets of emptiness. Street closing and security cordons seem to have scared off customers at the Arcade, a late 1800s shopping mall that has been modernized. The ornate interior, illuminated by a skylight, is full of boutiques like Prosperity, which sells handcrafted art glass jewelry. Business is slow on a Saturday afternoon. “A lot of people are afraid to come downtown,” said Cat Zurchin, one of the artist/storeowners, from an empty shop.   “Some of these stores opened up just for the convention. Retail people have been excited, but we also have some anxiety. The Secret Service is everywhere.” Black SUVs have invaded the city center as the U.S. Secret Service has taken charge of security. Concrete median barriers and the tall, anti-scaling fence circumscribe the city into impenetrable sectors. A column of police ride through the city center on bicycles, a dozen more on horseback. Helicopters clatter overhead.  Cleveland police are trying to stay restrained, avoiding the militarized presence that has become common thanks to free war surplus equipment from the Pentagon. Even so, the city’s courts are preparing to process up to 1,000 arrestees per day, ready to stay open 20 hours a day.  Hospitals are bracing for the worst. The Cleveland Clinic, one of the largest hospitals in the country, will have 50 doctors, nurses and other medical personnel at the convention site and its entire staff on standby. If needed the hospital can take over an adjoining hotel and conference center, enabling it to handle 1,000 general trauma cases. The hospital is prepared to operate without reinforcements for 96 hours. “All boots on the ground,” said Dr. Robert Willie, chief of medical operations.     Likewise, the Secret Service says it can handle the spotlight. “We are prepared,” said Ronald Rowe, the agent in charge of the convention, “and ready to welcome the world to Cleveland.” ",1
8731,Can Pence's vow not to sling mud survive a Trump campaign?,"(Reuters) - In 1990, during a close and bitter congressional race, Mike Pence came under attack for using campaign funds to pay for personal expenses, including his mortgage and credit card bills. The expenditures were not illegal at the time, but proved difficult to explain for a candidate who had railed about the outsized role of money in politics. Pence in turn blasted his opponent with attack ads, including one featuring a man in traditional Arab clothing who thanked Pence’s opponent in thickly accented English for policies that benefited Middle Eastern oil producers. The commercial was attacked by Arab-American groups, and the Indianapolis Star called it one of the two worst campaign commercials that year. Pence, who is now Indiana’s governor and was selected this week to be Donald Trump’s presidential running mate, lost his 1990 race, but what he regretted more than losing, he later said, was his decision to sling mud. In the 25 years since that loss, Pence’s political allies and enemies alike say he has steered clear of personal attacks. This could prove challenging when campaigning with Trump, who enthusiastically tears into his rivals.  Pence’s style is likely to cast him in a very different role from that of traditional vice presidential candidates, who often throw and take punches to allow presidential contenders to remain above the fray. In the case of Trump and Pence, said Indianapolis University Professor Laura Merrifield Albright, the roles are likely to be reversed. “It’s a different dynamic. It’s tough to imagine anyone out-trumping Trump,” she said, noting that he is “willing to do his own dirty work.” Michael Totten, a retired architect who worked on Pence’s 1990 campaign, thinks the two candidates will complement one another. He dubbed Pence “the perfect No. 2,” a running mate who can “temper some of Trump’s enthusiasm” and “be the calming voice.”  Neither Pence nor the Trump campaign immediately responded to a request for comment. After losing his 1990 race, Pence apologized to his opponent for the oil advertisement.  He later told his colleague at a conservative think tank, William Styring, that he regretted the tone of the campaign. “I really screwed up on this. It’s not me,” Styring recalled Pence as saying.  In 1991, Pence wrote an apologetic article for the think tank’s policy journal, titled “Confessions of a Negative Campaigner.” After the defeat, Pence did not seek public office again for a decade. He worked at the Indiana Policy Review and hosted his own statewide conservative radio talk show, describing himself as “Rush Limbaugh on decaf.” He also hosted a morning TV show in Indianapolis from 1995 to 1999. In 2000, Pence again ran for a U.S. House of Representatives seat, this time successfully. And he demonstrated that his 1990 mea culpa was more than just political theater, observers of Indiana politics say. His opponents in campaigns after he re-entered politics describe him as extremely disciplined and cordial. Melina Fox, Pence’s Democratic challenger in 2002, said that his statements in the race were “calculated and thought-out.” Democrat Barry Welsh, who ran against him in 2006, 2008 and 2010, said Pence was invariably “polite, professional and gentlemanly.”  But some question how he will cope with being constantly challenged in a hard-fought presidential race. “He seems uncomfortable with difficult questions and does not take counterpunches very well,” said Rebecca Pearcey, who ran the losing campaign of Pence’s opponent in the 2012 race for Indiana governor, Democrat John Gregg. “He doesn’t engage. He operates as though the opponent is not there.”   Before being picked as Trump’s running mate, Pence was poised for a tight rematch race against Gregg. In recent months, Pence’s approval rating had fallen below 50 percent, in part because of controversy surrounding the state’s Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which held that “a governmental entity may not substantially burden a person’s exercise of religion.” Pence first alienated liberals and moderates by signing the bill into law. He then outraged the measure’s evangelical supporters by endorsing changes to the law aimed at preventing discrimination against lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people. The 2016 gubernatorial campaign had started to become more negative, with yard signs calling for Pence to be fired. The Republican Governors Association ran an independently produced ad that attacked his opponent’s record. But Pence himself had not gone negative. At a Saturday morning event to formally introduce his running mate, Trump called Pence “a man of honor,” contrasting him with Hillary Clinton, whom he described as “the embodiment of corruption.” It remains to be seen how aggressive Pence will be in campaigning for Trump in coming months - and whether he will stick to the principles outlined in his 1991 article on negative campaigning. “It is wrong, quite simply,” he wrote at the time, “to squander a candidate’s priceless moment in history ... on partisan bickering.”  In an interview with CBS correspondent Lesley Stahl that will air on “60 Minutes” on Sunday evening, Trump suggested he may not expect his running mate to go on the attack.   While discussing his Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton, Trump told Stahl, “I call her ‘Crooked Hillary’ ... but I don’t think he should do it, because it’s different for him.” ",1
8732,"In circuitous speech, Trump touts VP pick Pence as man to unify party","NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. presidential hopeful Donald Trump on Saturday presented his vice presidential running mate, Indiana Governor Mike Pence, as the man who can unify a fractured Republican party and help him bridge the gap created by the candidate’s outsider status. In a wide-ranging speech in which he touted his own “landslide” victory in the Republican primaries, Trump cast Pence as a perfect complement for the White House: a veteran of government, a man with a Midwestern sensibility and strong Republican credentials as a job creator and budget balancer.   “Indiana Governor Mike Pence was my first choice, I’ve admired the work he’s done, especially in the state of Indiana,” Trump said at an event in New York City.  “And one of the reasons is party unity, so many people have said, party unity. Because I’m an outsider,” he added in explaining his decision. Trump and Pence made their debut just two days before the beginning of the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, where delegates from around the country will convene to officially nominate the pair as their party’s ticket for the Nov. 8 election. Frequently straying from the notes on the lectern, Trump talked about himself and likely Democratic rival Hillary Clinton, often detouring from the purpose of the event: to introduce a little-known politician to the broader public. “Back to Mike Pence,” Trump said, interrupting himself during a lengthy explanation about why evangelical voters support his candidacy. He then read a series of statistics highlighting the job growth in Indiana.     “He looks very good,” added the New York real estate mogul, who is known to comment openly on people’s appearances.   Trump had a bit of a winding path to settle on Pence, a devout Christian and conservative. He postponed his planned Friday announcement after the deadly attack in Nice, France and saying he had not made his “final, final decision,” Trump privately had second thoughts on who to pick in late-night conversations on Thursday, said a Republican source familiar with the situation. Trump had been annoyed that the element of surprise had been taken away by the leaking of Pence’s name, the source added. Trump ended up announcing Pence as his running mate on Twitter on Friday.  Saturday’s event in a New York City hotel ballroom had few of the traditional hallmarks of what is arguably one of the most important decisions for a presidential candidate. Before it started, supporters listened to the Rolling Stones song “You Can’t Always Get What You Want,” a tune in regular rotation at Trump events. There were no “Trump Pence” signs distributed to the crowd or adorning the room. The two appeared together on stage only briefly - each standing out of view while the other one spoke.  On stage, they made scant eye contact and shook hands rather than raising arms together in the classic pose of running mates. Neither offered anecdotal stories about their private time together.       Pence, in sharp contrast to Trump, delivered a prepared speech, discussing the love of his wife and country and his adoration for Ronald Reagan. He gave a full-throated call to fellow Republicans to back Trump. “Lets come together as a party, as a people, as a movement, to make America great again and that day begins when Donald Trump becomes the 45th president of the United States of America,” Pence said. Trump has struggled to bridge the gap between himself and the establishment and conservative wings of the party. The drastically different styles highlighted Pence’s ability to provide a complementing tone to the presidential ticket.     It’s unclear when the two will appear together again. Pence heads back to Indiana for a solo event on Saturday night, and the Trump campaign hasn’t released a schedule for the convention that would include a joint appearance. The pair recorded an interview with CBS’s “60 Minutes” that is scheduled to air on Sunday night.         One of their big challenges will be to brook their policy differences in public. Pence gave a nod to that by saying “strong Republican leadership can bring about real change.” Trump has made renegotiating trade deals a central theme of his campaign, while Pence has spoken in favor of trade agreements. In an appearance on Friday night on Fox News, Pence offered a moderated take on trade, saying he agrees with Trump that deals should be renegotiated.  He also softened his vocal opposition to Trump’s call to temporarily ban Muslims from entering the United States.      “I am very supportive of Donald Trump’s call to temporarily suspend immigration from countries where terrorist influence and impact represents a threat to the United States,” Pence told conservative Fox News commentator Sean Hannity. Pence added that he supports Trump’s call for building a wall along the U.S. border with Mexico. ",1
8733,A kiss is not just a kiss on Cleveland convention billboards,"CLEVELAND (Reuters) - In an age of social media and sound bites, advocacy groups in Cleveland have turned to the old-fashioned medium of billboards to display messages during the Republican National Convention, from the serious to the ridiculous and shocking. Among them is an artist’s fanciful rendering of Donald Trump about to kiss former rival Ted Cruz, a poke at a Republican Party platform that would limit gay rights, the sign’s sponsor said.  “Love Trumps Hate. End Homophobia,” reads the billboard featuring Trump and Cruz moving in for a lip-lock.  Elsewhere in Cleveland, there are also chestnuts such as “Don’t Trust the Liberal Media,” and the eternally contentious issue of abortion is the focus of another that says, “How much time will we serve - when the RNC platform makes abortion illegal?” Some 50,000 visitors are expected in Cleveland for the convention that runs from Monday to Thursday. There Trump, who has selected Indiana Governor Mike Pence as his running mate, is expected to officially accept the Republican nomination for president. With so many party insiders, activists, lobbyists and reporters descending on Cleveland, political groups have chosen a direct path to their eyeballs. “Don’t Trust the Liberal Media,” paid for by the Media Research Center, stands beside a highway near the airport and is repeated at least twice more in central Cleveland, where the convention will take place. Six strategically placed signs around the city depict a group of women in a police-style lineup. The message, sponsored by the National Institute of Reproductive Health, which supports abortion rights, is intended to bring attention to recently passed state laws seeking to limit access to abortion.  “We wanted to use the RNC to raise awareness with the public. We wanted to give the public the facts about what is happening and the laws on the books being quietly passed behind the scenes and the logical conclusion that those laws will put women in jail,” said Andrea Miller, president of the institute. The Trump-Cruz makeout illustration resembles images of unstated political motives depicting Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin that went up in Lithuania and another in Bristol, England, that showed Trump bussing British politician Boris Johnson.  The Cleveland sign was paid for by Planting Peace, a group favoring equal rights for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people. “Planting Peace calls for the immediate change in the Republican Party platform with regard to our LGBT family and LGBT rights,” said Aaron Jackson, president of the group.  The 2016 Republican platform includes a plank called “Preserving and Protecting Traditional Marriage” that calls for marriage to be defined as “a union between one man and one woman.”  About half a mile (one km) east of the convention site is a fake advertisement for a company called “Dick to Dick LLC” that ends with the line, “We’re not going to live forever. So why should the earth?” The billboard sponsor's website (here) contains more satire including the bon mot, ""Need to buy a politician, the Media, or a law? Dick to Dick Executive Consulting is the website for you. If you are interested in buying God, please contact us for today's Market Price."" ",1
8734,Trump calls Nice attack 'horror beyond belief',"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump on Saturday described as “horror beyond belief” the truck attack in Nice, France earlier this week that killed 84 people. At the beginning of an event to introduce his running mate, Indiana Governor Mike Pence, Trump also expressed concern for the coup attempt in Turkey on Friday, saying he hoped “it will all work out”.      ",1
8735,New urgency for Cleveland security after France truck attack,"CLEVELAND (Reuters) - Cleveland on Friday set up concrete traffic dividers and tall metal fences around next week’s Republican National Convention site, measures meant to thwart an attacker like one in France who drove a truck into a crowd, killing more than 80 people. Security experts said police, the U.S. Secret Service and other law enforcement agencies have viewed vehicles as a potential threat since early in their 18 months of planning for the convention where Donald Trump is due to be formally nominated for the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election.  The decision to erect the protective barriers was taken before Thursday night’s attack in the French city of Nice. Ron Rowe, a high-ranking special agent with the Secret Service, told a news conference on Tuesday that some of the barriers would be going up that day.  Much of the focus has been on stopping a car or truck bomb like those that struck New York’s World Trade Center in 1993 and an Oklahoma City federal office building in 1995.     “A vehicle-borne attack is always something you’re concerned about,” said Jason Porter, vice president for the central region of security provider Pinkerton, which is advising private sector clients on security around the convention.      Officials in Cleveland did not respond when asked whether the Nice attack had altered their security plans. The driver there, shot dead by police, was known to police for petty crimes but not for ties to Islamist militants. Thousands of people, including protesters against Trump, are expected to pack into Cleveland for the July 18-21 convention. Cleveland has banned drones, limited the size of bags people can carry and on Friday removed opaque rubbish bins near the Quicken Loans Arena convention site, replacing them with wire frames holding clear plastic waste bags that make it more difficult to hide objects. A memorial to slain police officers was cordoned off, an apparent reaction to protests against high-profile killings of black men and youth by police in U.S. cities including St. Paul, Minnesota, Baltimore, New York and Cleveland. After last week’s killing of five police officers in Dallas by an African American angry about police killings of black men, nearly half of America’s 30 biggest cities issued directives to pair up police officers on calls to boost safety, according to a Reuters survey of police departments.     T.J. Dow, a Cleveland city councilman for the neighborhood expected to see the bulk of protests, said the security plan was designed to be flexible. Dorothy Strauss, a 68-year-old retired customer service representative, acknowledged her fears in the face of the France attack while watching her granddaughters play in a sprinkler near the convention site. Were she a delegate, she would attend, Strauss said. “On the flip side, I wouldn’t come down here and hang out with my two granddaughters during the RNC.” ",1
8736,White House candidate Trump announces Pence as his running mate,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Donald Trump’s choice of Indiana Governor Mike Pence as his vice presidential running mate on Friday helped bolster support among some conservatives skeptical about his policies, a crucial step as he prepares to accept the party’s nomination next week. Some conservatives who had fought against Trump’s ascendancy in the Republican nominating race welcomed his announcement that he had picked Pence, a well-known social and evangelical conservative. The Club for Growth, a conservative economic group, had sharply criticized Trump’s support for protectionist trade policies. On Friday, the group noted that as a member of the House of Representatives, Pence had been a strong voice for “free markets and economic liberty” at a time when the Republican leadership had been weak on these issues. “Today’s news gives a similar hope that Mike Pence will be  effective in pulling the Republican ticket toward economic conservatism and limited government,” the group said. Other conservatives were also heartened by Trump’s VP pick, which the businessman announced in a tweet ahead of a joint appearance in his hometown of New York on Saturday. “Pence is a principled conservative, man of faith, and talented messenger for Republican ideas,” said Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. “His addition to the ticket will bring even more excitement to the voters who are eager to put a Republican in the White House and deny a third term for President Obama’s liberal agenda.” Trump, 70, chose Pence, 57, over two politicians he considers friends and close advisers, former House of Representatives Speaker Newt Gingrich, 73, and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, 53. Pence is viewed as a safe choice for Trump. The Indiana governor’s low-key demeanor is a contrast to that of the bombastic real estate developer. And he could take the fight to the Democrats in the months leading up to the Nov. 8 election without upstaging Trump. He and Trump will have to smooth over some policy differences. Pence has said he does not support trade protectionism or a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States, two policies that are central to Trump’s campaign message. In his first public remarks after Trump announced his running mate, Pence appeared to soften his opposition to a temporary ban on Muslims entering the country after he called it  “offensive and unconstitutional” in a tweet last December. “I am very supportive of Donald Trump’s call to temporarily suspend immigration from countries where terrorist influence and impact represents a threat to the United States,” Pence told conservative Fox News commentator Sean Hannity. “We have no higher priority than the safety and security of the American people,” Pence said, adding that he suspended a Syrian refugee program in Indiana after a shooting rampage last year in San Bernardino, California.  Pence also said he “absolutely” backed Trump’s promise to build a wall between the United States and Mexico to stem illegal immigration and make Mexico pay for it. Trump said Pence had done a great job in Indiana and that of all the people he had interviewed for the job, “there’s nobody that agrees with me fully on everything.” Pence’s selection was slammed by Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton’s campaign. “By picking Mike Pence as his running mate, Donald Trump has doubled down on some of his most disturbing beliefs by choosing an incredibly divisive and unpopular running mate known for supporting discriminatory politics and failed economic policies that favor millionaires and corporations over working families,” said Clinton campaign Chairman John Podesta. Trump had faced a midday Friday deadline to announce Pence because the governor had to declare by then whether he would be on the ballot in his home state for re-election. Trump had postponed his announcement, which had been planned for Friday, out of respect for the victims in Nice, France. An attacker in a heavy truck drove into crowds celebrating Bastille Day, killing at least 84 people and injuring scores more in what President Francois Hollande called a terrorist act. Trump is set to be formally nominated as the party’s candidate for the presidential election at the convention, which opens in Cleveland on Monday. Traditionally, the vice presidential choice is used to build enthusiasm among party loyalists. The Republican National Committee expects the convention to draw 50,000 people to the Ohio city, whose population is about 390,000. U.S. authorities were preparing for the possibility of violence, whether from demonstrators or planned attacks. The Cleveland conclave and the Democratic Party Convention the following week in Philadelphia have been given the status of special national security event by the federal government for the first time, and security will be heightened, said Republican Party spokesman Sean Spicer. The Department of Homeland Security will send more than 3,000 personnel to each convention, Secretary Jeh Johnson said on Thursday, speaking before the Nice attack. No specific or credible threat to either gathering has been reported, he said. ",1
8737,"Fund-raising stalled, Republican convention asks Adelson for donation","CLEVELAND (Reuters) - A handful of donors to the Republican National Convention have withdrawn pledges and fund-raising has stalled during Donald Trump’s polarizing bid for the presidency, leading organizers to ask casino mogul Sheldon Adelson for an urgent donation. The Cleveland 2016 Host Committee said in a statement on Friday it had approached Adelson, a generous party benefactor, while also acknowledging its fund-raising has come to a virtual standstill, leaving a $6 million shortfall. “Negative publicity around our potential nominee resulted in a considerable number of pledges backing out from their commitments,” the Host Committee said in a letter it sent to Adelson, according to the political news website Politico, which said it had obtained the letter. The Host Committee on Friday confirmed such a letter was sent to Adelson and his wife, Miriam Adelson, but it downgraded the withdrawn pledges from “considerable” to “a handful.” It said the hastily sent original letter “mischaracterized” the status of some donations. Some companies identified in the letter as having backed out said on Friday they had never made such pledges. “Unfortunately, this letter (to Adelson) was not reviewed nor authorized by the Host Committee chairpersons, and it mischaracterized certain donations from individuals and corporations,” the statement said. “Some of what were referred to as pledges were actually expectations based on pledges made to previous conventions, while a handful had been withdrawn from the Host Committee for 2016 Republican National Convention,” it said. The committee said it had apologized to the Adelsons’ staff. Host Committee officials on Friday declined to comment beyond the official statement, leaving open the question of which donors reneged. Donations will be disclosed after the convention in U.S. Federal Election Commission filings. The statement, from Host Committee Chief Executive David Gilbert, also said the committee had raised $58.25 million to date, about $6 million short of its goal of $64 million to cover expenses for the four-day convention that starts Monday in Cleveland, where Trump is expected to receive the Republican presidential nomination. A month ago, a committee spokeswoman said $57.5 million had been raised. The Politico report, citing the letter, said David Koch, like Adelson a wealthy donor to conservative causes, and Coca-Cola (COKE.O) each withdrew a pledge of $1 million. Koch and Coke representatives told the Wall Street Journal they never made such pledges. Coke previously said it donated $75,000 last year. Visa, cited in the letter as having backed out of a $100,000 pledge, said in a statement it never made a pledge.     FedEx (FDX.N) and BP (BP.L) were named in the letter as withdrawing support but also told the Journal they had not made the stated commitments. Other marquee companies were also named but did not respond to Reuters queries after business hours on Friday. Representatives for the Adelsons could not immediately be reached for comment. Last month activists disturbed by Trump’s campaign and led by the political arm of California-based advocacy group Color of Change launched an effort to try to shame companies into dropping sponsorships. It was unclear if that effort, which targeted more than 30 companies, had an impact. ",1
8738,Changes to North Carolina voting laws could put thousands of 2016 ballots at risk,"RALEIGH, North Carolina (Reuters) - On Election Day in 2014, Joetta Teal went to work at a polling station in Lumberton, North Carolina. Like all poll workers, she was required to stay until voting booths closed, so she decided to cast her own vote there. That was a mistake, she later discovered. What she didn’t know was that under a 2013 state law she had to vote in the precinct where she lived. The polling station where she voted was not in her precinct, so her vote was not counted.     A Reuters review of Republican-backed changes to North Carolina’s voting rules indicates as many as 29,000 votes might not be counted in this year’s Nov. 8 presidential election if a federal appeals court upholds the 2013 law. Besides banning voters from voting outside their assigned precinct on Election Day, the law also prevents them from registering the same day they vote during the early voting period.  The U.S. Justice Department says the law was designed to disproportionately affect minority groups, who are more likely to vote out of precinct and use same-day registration. Backers of the law deny this and say it will prevent voter fraud. The battleground state has a recent history of close races that have hinged on just a few thousand votes. Barack Obama, a Democrat, won North Carolina by just 14,177 votes in 2008. In 2012, Mitt Romney, a Republican, narrowly carried the state by a margin of just 2.04 percent.     Reuters reviewed state election board data showing the number of North Carolinians who made use of out-of-precinct voting and same-day registration in previous elections, including March’s state nominating contest, or primary, when voters nominated their preferred presidential candidate.      The Reuters analysis includes some assumptions. For 29,000 votes to go uncounted on Nov. 8, North Carolinians would need to vote in the same numbers and in the same ways they have in previous elections, including the March primary.   In that primary, after a court temporarily ordered a stay on  the bans, 6,387 North Carolinians voted out of their assigned precinct and 22,501 registered the same day they voted.      The North Carolina Board of Elections did not respond to requests for comment on Reuters’ findings.      North Carolina Senator Bob Rucho, a Republican who backed the law, declined to comment specifically on the findings but disputed the notion that the law suppressed votes, saying the increased turnout between the 2010 and 2014 elections shows it has not had a disparate impact on minority voters. “How can it show voter suppression when more black voters voted and more white voters voted, and there was more opportunity, and there are more black voters registered than there were before?”      Turnout between those elections did rise by 1.8 percentage points for black voters and by 1.1 percentage points for white voters, according to data the state election board entered as evidence in court.   Advocacy group Democracy North Carolina, however, said their poll monitors saw many people attempting to vote out of precinct in 2014 who were told by officials their ballots would not count, and as a result cast no vote. And it says 23,500 voters would have used same-day registration to vote in 2014 if it had not been banned, basing its findings on a review of election board data, hundreds of hotline calls, and the observations of more than 300 poll monitors.   North Carolina Board of Elections executive director Kim Strach said her office looked into claims of voters being turned away “but generally did not find statewide evidence of it.”     The Fourth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, which is considering legal challenges to the law from the Justice Department and civil rights groups and citizens, is expected to issue a ruling in the next few weeks. North Carolina’s Senate passed its new voting laws weeks after the U.S. Supreme Court voted 5 to 4 in June 2013 to eliminate a requirement that nine states mostly in the South with a history of discrimination, including North Carolina, receive federal approval before changing election laws. Had that requirement been in place, “it may have blocked the provisions now at issue,” said Kristen Clarke, president of the Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, a non-profit legal defense fund. The Justice Department alleged a “race-based purpose” to the new law in a legal brief. Studies the department cited show that minority and low-income voters are more likely to use same-day registration and out-of-precinct voting because they are less likely to own a car or have flexible working hours. These voters are also more likely to vote for Democratic candidates.  “If you pick out precisely the way minority voters are engaging with the process, that’s intentionally treating minority voters differently,” Justin Levitt, who oversees the Justice Department’s voting unit, said in an interview.      North Carolina state officials say the changes cut fraud by making it harder for people to cast multiple ballots or impersonate other voters.  The Justice Department said in court documents that voter fraud was “virtually non-existent” in the state. Rucho, the state senator, said while the law banned some voting methods and cut the early voting period from 17 to 10 days, it extended the hours during which voters could vote.     “We opened up more locations for them to vote, more times to vote, more flexible times,” said Rucho. FOUR-PERSON TEAM    Teal, who is African American, was one of 14 North Carolina voters Reuters contacted whose votes were invalid in 2014 because of the law.     Ten of them, including Teal, did not realize their votes were not counted until informed by Reuters. One was told his vote would not count by a voter advocacy group, and the other three were told by poll workers that their ballots likely would not count. In all, 1,390 ballots were rejected in the 2014 election because they were cast out of the voter’s assigned precinct — up from 49 rejected for the same reason in 2010, according to the Reuters review of provisional ballots.     “If they could have just sent people letters and told them exactly where to go, that would have been helpful,” Teal said. The North Carolina Board of Elections website has a tool for residents to look up their assigned precincts, but Teal did not know about it. This year she plans to vote early. In other developed democracies, “the government takes a greater responsibility for ensuring that voter registration lists are kept up to date and accurate,” said Tova Wang, senior fellow at the policy research group Demos.     The election board has been trying to educate North Carolinians about the ban on out-of-precinct voting through ads and a four-person voter outreach team that travels around the state to raise awareness about the changes, said Strach, the board’s director.      “We’re telling people, go find out where you are, make sure you’re showing up at the right precinct,” Strach said. (Related stories:  INSIGHT-Native Americans move to frontlines in battle over voting rights INSIGHT-Thousands of voters in limbo after Kansas demands proof they’re American INSIGHT-Use it or lose it: Occasional Ohio voters may be shut out in November)     ",1
8739,Clinton leads Trump by 12 points ahead of Republican convention: Reuters/Ipsos poll,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump trailed Democratic rival Hillary Clinton by 12 percentage points in a Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Friday, making him the clear underdog ahead of next week’s Republican National Convention. Forty-five percent of likely voters supported former Secretary of State Clinton, 33 percent supported Trump, the wealthy businessman, and the remainder supported neither, according to the July 11-15 online poll. The survey showed little change from Tuesday, when Clinton had led Trump by 13 percentage points. Clinton has been ahead in the poll since early January. Trump only approached her level of support in May, after his last two remaining rivals quit the race and he became the presumptive Republican nominee. Trump’s favorability has dropped since then, as his campaign began to focus on the Nov. 8 general election. Trump has faced criticism in recent weeks over his now-defunct Trump University venture, which is accused of making false promises, and over his anti-immigrant and anti-Muslim rhetoric. The poll results were mostly gathered before Thursday night’s deadly truck attack in Nice, France, and before Trump’s announcement on Friday that Indiana Governor Mike Pence would be his vice presidential running mate. The poll results suggest that Clinton’s use of personal email for government business while secretary of state and her handling of classified information have not damaged her support among likely voters.  But other polls show a closer race.  The CBS News/NY Times telephone poll has the candidates tied at 40 percent each, while a McClatchy/Marist telephone poll has Clinton leading by just 3 percentage points, 42 percent to Trump’s 39 percent.  Trump may get a bump in the polls following next week’s convention in Cleveland, where the party is expected to rally behind him as the nominee. In 2012, support for Republican nominee Mitt Romney rose about 5 percentage points following the convention that year.  The Democratic convention is set for the following week, opening July 25 in Philadelphia. The Reuters/Ipsos poll surveyed 1,186 likely voters across the continental United States, Alaska and Hawaii. It has a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of 3 percentage points. ",1
8740,Pages of U.S. 9/11 report detailing possible Saudi ties made public,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Congress on Friday released a long-classified section of the official report on the Sept. 11 attacks describing an array of potential links between some of the hijackers and officials in Saudi Arabia. The 28 pages of the report on the 2002 investigation focus on potential Saudi government ties to the 2001 aircraft attacks on the United States, in which nearly 3,000 people died. The report said the alleged links had not been independently verified. The pages were released by the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee after years of wrangling in Washington between Congress and different administrations, Republicans and Democrats, and urging by families of those killed. “The matter is now finished,” Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir told a news conference in Washington. Asked whether the report exonerated the kingdom, he replied: “Absolutely.” The release of the previously classified pages is unlikely to end the controversy over the role of Saudi Arabia, an important U.S. partner in the Middle East. Many U.S. officials who opposed their release had worried they would damage diplomatic relations. Fifteen of the 19 Sept. 11 hijackers were Saudi citizens. “According to various FBI documents and CIA memorandum, some of the September 11 hijackers, while in the United States, apparently had contacts with individuals who may be connected to the Saudi Government,” the report said, giving a catalog of alleged links. They included reported contacts between Saudis in California, money possibly sent from the Saudi royal family to the hijackers and even a statement that a reported Saudi Interior Ministry official stayed at the same Virginia hotel as one hijacker in September 2001. One section said Omar al-Bayoumi, said to be a Saudi intelligence officer, met with two hijackers at a public place after they arrived in San Diego. Citing Federal Bureau of Investigation files, it said his salary rose to $3,700 a month from $465 two months after two of the hijackers arrived in California. Another described how two of the hijackers asked flight attendants technical questions during a trip in 1999 from Phoenix to Washington to attend a party at the Saudi embassy. One tried twice to enter the cockpit. The plane made an emergency landing and the FBI investigated, but did not prosecute. The newly declassified pages also say a telephone number found in a telephone book of Abu Zubaydah, a Saudi-born al Qaeda operative captured in Pakistan, was for a Colorado corporation that managed the affairs of the residence of Prince Bandar bin Sultan, the former Saudi ambassador to Washington.  The Office of the Director of National Intelligence said its agreement to the release is not an indication that the intelligence community agrees with the pages’ accuracy or concurs with the information it contains. The office also on Friday released a declassified summary of an assessment of whether Riyadh may have supported al Qaeda before and after the attacks, saying the Saudi government and many of its agencies had been infiltrated and exploited by individuals associated with or sympathetic to Osama bin Laden’s militant network. Several members of Congress said they were pleased the pages had finally been released. Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the intelligence panel, said he hoped the release would quiet rumors. “The Intelligence Community and the 9/11 Commission, which followed the Joint Inquiry that produced these so-called 28 pages, investigated the questions they raised and was never able to find sufficient evidence to support them,” he said. Legislation that would allow families of Sept. 11 victims to sue Saudi Arabia, was passed unanimously by the U.S. Senate and is making its way through the House, despite President Barack Obama’s veto threat. “While the pages do not reach a conclusion regarding Saudi involvement in the 9/11 attacks, they provide more than enough evidence to raise serious concerns,” said Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut. His state was home to many people killed when planes hit the World Trade Center in neighboring New York. Sept. 11 families made clear the pages’ release would not stop their push for the legislation. “Congress has to stand up for the interests of the thousands of innocent Americans who lost loved ones on 9/11,” one group said in a statement. White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters before the pages were released that they would show no evidence of Saudi complicity. The Obama administration sent a declassified version of the 28 pages, with many lines and sentences blacked out to protect intelligence sources and methods, to Congress on Friday morning. The House intelligence panel released it a few hours later. ",1
8741,Saudi says hopes release of '28 pages' clears up 9/11 suspicions,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia welcomed on Friday the release of classified pages of the official report on the Sept. 11 attacks, and hoped their release would clear up suspicions about Riyadh’s actions, intentions or long-term friendship with the United States. “Since 2002, the 9/11 Commission and several government agencies, including the CIA and the FBI, have investigated the contents of the ‘28 Pages’ and have confirmed that neither the Saudi government, nor senior Saudi officials, nor any person acting on behalf of the Saudi government provided any support or encouragement for these attacks,” Saudi Arabia’s ambassador to the United States, Abdullah al-Saud, said in a statement. “We hope the release of these pages will clear up, once and for all, any lingering questions or suspicions about Saudi Arabia’s actions, intentions, or long-term friendship with the United States.” ",1
8742,Trump's VP pick rankles Republican gay rights activists,"CLEVELAND/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s choice of Mike Pence as his vice presidential running mate has irked some Republican activists who see the Indiana governor’s years of opposition to gay rights initiatives as a setback to efforts to broaden the party’s appeal. The pick could bolster Trump’s support among religious conservatives, but it also opens up a new line of attack for Democrats and liberals seeking to paint the New York businessman as a divisive candidate, putting at risk his efforts to woo moderate voters ahead of the Nov. 8 election against Democrat Hillary Clinton.[nL1N1A10HR] Rachel Hoff, the first openly gay member of the Republican Party’s platform committee, has spent time in Cleveland ahead of next week’s party convention trying repeatedly to get the party to change its official position on gay marriage and adoption by gay couples. She was dismayed by the choice of Pence. “After the Pence announcement, I think the question is - is Trump really moderate on gay rights issues? It seems more likely his rhetoric has been a smoke screen,” Hoff said. “There’s no substance behind it. By picking Pence, Trump is signaling his administration may not be any friendlier to the LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender) community.” Megan Robertson, a Republican strategist in Indiana who has pushed for the party to be more open to gay members, was similarly disappointed. “Picking Pence shows that he maybe doesn’t care about that community as much as he tried to profess that he did,” she said of Trump. Clinton’s campaign seized on the announcement to attack Pence’s record on gay rights issues, saying it “embarrassed” the people of Indiana. Clinton has previously called Trump the most divisive candidate “in our lifetimes,” referring to his calls to temporarily ban Muslims from entering the country and to deport millions of undocumented immigrants. In 2015, Pence found himself at the center of a national uproar when he signed a bill that he said was meant to protect religious liberty, but which critics countered would allow business owners to deny services to gay people.  After intense pressure from liberal groups and large corporations, he asked lawmakers to clarify that businesses could not deny services on the basis of sexual orientation, calling it a “subject of great misunderstanding.” He has also fought against same-sex marriage and allowing gay people to serve openly in the military. A U.S. Supreme Court ruing last year legalized gay marriage nationwide and the Pentagon in 2011 ended the ban on openly gay and lesbian people serving in the military. In 2009, while a member of the U.S. Congress, Pence argued against expanding the definition of a hate crime to include sexual orientation, calling it an attempt to “advance a radical social agenda.” The federal hate crimes law was expanded to make this inclusion. Gay supporters of Trump are hopeful Pence will have little influence on a potential Trump administration.  Trump has declared himself the most gay-friendly candidate in the election. He expressed support for the gay community after a mass shooting at a gay nightclub in Orlando in June that killed 49 people, and broke from his party during an argument  about transgender bathroom usage, saying people could use the bathroom of their choosing at his office building Trump Tower in New York. That has cheered moderate Republicans who have been seeking to appeal to younger, more liberal voters. “Donald Trump is the nominee of the party and Donald Trump is going to set policy,” said Chris Barron, who has launched LGBTrump, a group seeking to encourage gays to vote for Trump. Pence, 57, comes from a different wing of the divided Republican Party than Trump, one that is dominated by evangelicals in southern and midwestern states. Conservatives were elated with his selection. “It’s the best conservatives could possibly want,” said Brent Bozell, a conservative leader.  The pro-gay rights group Log Cabin Republicans said it would seek to pressure the Republican Party at the Cleveland national convention to adopt a more gay-friendly policy platform, including by running a full-page ad in a local paper. The party’s platform committee met early in the week to draft official policy positions on myriad issues. The document, which carries little significance beyond the symbolic, calls for a constitutional amendment to reverse the Supreme Court’s decision legalizing gay marriage and included a veiled acceptance of gay conversion therapy, a practice that has widely been criticized as harmful to children. Despite the disappointment that gay rights activists are feeling, Log Cabin Republican president Gregory Angelo said he thinks voters are going to look at Trump’s past statement on gay rights and not where Pence stands. Trump has spent little time talking about social issues and has instead focused on immigration and economic issues.  “Donald Trump rose to stardom as our presumptive nominee because he showcased an opposition to illegal immigration and unfair trade deals. That’s what’s resonating with the Republican electorate this year,” he said. ",1
8743,Saudi foreign minister welcomes release of pages from 9-11 report,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia’s foreign minister said on Friday he welcomed the release of a long-classified section of the official report on the Sept. 11 attacks that discussed potential links between some of the hijackers and Saudi Arabia. “The matter is now finished,” Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir told a news conference in Washington. Asked whether the report exonerated the kingdom, he said: “Absolutely.” The 28 pages of the report on the 2002 investigation focus on potential Saudi links to the 2001 aircraft attacks on the United States, in which nearly 3,000 people died. They were issued by the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee on Friday after years of wrangling in Washington between Congress and different administrations, Republicans and Democrats, and urging by families of those killed. ",1
8744,"EU and U.S. seek trade deal this year, knowing large hurdles remain","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - EU and U.S. negotiators said on Friday that they still needed to overcome large differences for a transatlantic free trade deal to be sealed this year, and factor in the impending exit from the European Union of Britain, one of the United States’ biggest export markets. The two sides are trying to agree on the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP), which supporters say could boost each economy by some $100 billion at a time when growth in China and emerging markets is slowing. Chief EU negotiator Ignacio Garcia Bercero and U.S. counterpart Dan Mullaney told a news conference after a 14th round of talks that both sides were committed to sealing a deal before U.S. President Barack Obama leaves office at the turn of the year. The partners have made progress on tariff elimination and on regulatory cooperation. However, they are stuck over EU demands including greater access to public sector tenders; Garcia Bercero described the U.S. offer as a serious cause of concern. Likewise, Washington is unhappy with the EU offer on services.  “Given the importance of this sector to both of our economies ... progress here has been noticeably and painfully slow,” said Mullaney. He also said that, while the economic rationale for TTIP remained strong, Britain’s exit from the European Union would force a rethink as it was the largest market anywhere for U.S. services, and took 25 percent of U.S. exports to the EU. “Imagine if the United States said, for instance, ‘Well, maybe TTIP will not apply to California’. There is a certain reflection that the parties need to have on those kind of developments.” The two sides had previously planned to produce a single consolidated TTIP text by the end of July. Garcia Bercero said that was now more likely to come by the end of September after further meetings between U.S. trade chief Michael Froman and EU commissioner Cecilia Malmstrom. Garcia Bercero acknowledged that the political environment was becoming more challenging. The environmental group Greenpeace echoed the view of many anti-TTIP campaigners on Friday by saying that it was time to hit the ‘Stop’ button. But the EU negotiator said TTIP was instead a positive response to concerns about globalization. “If we want to have a shot at shaping globalization, we need a like-minded partner that shares largely our views,” he said. Mullaney talked of a “unique window of opportunity” to complete TTIP this year that should not be allowed to slip away. “After this year, with one political transition after another over the next few years, it could be quite a while before we pick up negotiations again.” ",1
8745,White House hopeful Trump nears end of vice presidential search,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Donald Trump neared the end of his vice presidential search on Thursday and appeared to be leaning toward Indiana Governor Mike Pence, a conservative with the potential to unify divided Republicans. The presumptive Republican presidential nominee tweeted on Wednesday night that he would announce his choice on Friday at 11 a.m. (1500 GMT) in Manhattan. The New York businessman is to be formally nominated as the party’s candidate for the Nov. 8 election at the Republican National Convention next week in Cleveland. Traditionally, the vice presidential choice is used to build enthusiasm among party loyalists. Trump’s choice of running mate is seen as critical because his defeat of 16 rivals in the Republican primary race left the party divided and some party leaders are still uneasy about some of his campaign positions, and his style. Sources familiar with campaign operations cautioned that while Pence and former House of Representatives Speaker Newt Gingrich were finalists, Trump could always have a last-minute change of heart and choose someone else from his short list. A source close to the campaign said Trump appeared to be  leaning toward Pence but could easily change his mind. Gingrich told an ABC News correspondent he expected to hear Trump’s decision after 1 p.m. EDT and would not be surprised if Trump chooses Pence.  New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, 53, a former rival to Trump in the presidential race, is also high on the list of potential running mates and provides the kind of counterpunch to Democratic rival Hillary Clinton that Republicans like. Pence, 57, a former congressman, is seen as a safe choice, not too flashy but popular among conservatives, with Midwestern appeal and the ability to rally more party faithful behind Trump. Gingrich, 73, is a close adviser to Trump with a wealth of ideas and deep experience in the legislative process from his time as speaker of the House of Representatives in the 1990s. In what has been an unusually public process, Trump, 70, sat down with both Pence and Gingrich separately in Indianapolis on Wednesday. He also met with a fourth potential No. 2, U.S. Senator Jeff Sessions, 69, of Alabama, who has been one of Trump’s closest advisers. The New York businessman had dinner with Pence on Tuesday night after they appeared together at a rally. Trump, joined by daughter Ivanka and sons Donald Jr. and Eric Trump, had breakfast with Pence and his wife, Karen, on Wednesday at the governor’s residence in Indianapolis. Trump adviser Ed Brookover told CNN that Trump “first and foremost” wants a running mate who he has good chemistry with and someone who can help him govern best. ",1
8746,"Republicans, Democrats sharply divided over Muslims in America: Reuters/Ipsos poll","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Many Americans view Islam unfavorably, and supporters of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump are more than twice as likely to view the religion negatively as those backing Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, according to a Reuters/Ipsos online poll of more than 7,000 Americans. It shows that 37 percent of American adults have a “somewhat unfavorable” or “very unfavorable” view of Islam. This includes 58 percent of Trump supporters and 24 percent of Clinton supporters, a contrast largely mirrored by the breakdown between Republicans and Democrats. By comparison, respondents overall had an equally unfavorable view of atheism at 38 percent, compared with 21 percent for Hinduism, 16 percent for Judaism and 8 percent for Christianity.  Spokespeople for Trump and Clinton declined to comment. The poll took place before an attacker on Thursday drove his truck into a holiday crowd in Nice, France, killing more than 80 people in what President Francois Hollande called a terrorist act. Police sources said the driver, while linked to common crimes, was not on a watch list of intelligence services and no Islamist militant group immediately claimed responsibility for the attack. The race for the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election has put a spotlight on Americans’ views of Muslims with Trump proposing a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States. He repeated the proposal after Omar Mateen, a New York-born Muslim armed with an assault rifle, killed 49 people in an attack on a Florida gay nightclub last month.  The ideological divide between Trump and Clinton supporters is set against a backdrop of increasing violence and discrimination against Muslims in the United States. The poll shows 78 percent of Trump supporters and 36 percent of Clinton supporters said that when compared to other religions, Islam was more likely to encourage acts of terrorism. Trump supporters were also about twice as likely as Clinton supporters to say that Islam was more encouraging of violence toward Americans, women and gay people. Polling on none of the other belief systems and their perceived connection to terrorism or violence came close to matching those numbers. Clinton has called for a more inclusive environment within American society and for a joint effort between the U.S. government and Muslim countries to battle the spread of Islamist militancy.  She has criticized Trump’s harsh statements about Muslims and Mexicans while Trump has bemoaned what he calls American society’s devotion to political correctness. Graphic: tmsnrt.rs/29IPJ6l Party affiliation accounted for the deepest division among Americans where their views on Muslims were concerned. Respondents’ status as rich or poor, young or old, or male or female did not offer as pronounced an overall view as did their identification as Democrats or Republicans.  “If it was true that Trump did not represent Republicans broadly defined, you would think Republicans would look different; they don’t,” said Douglas McAdam, a sociology professor at Stanford University who studies American politics. “It goes against the claims of the (former presidential candidate) Mitt Romneys of the world, that Trump is not really a Republican, that he doesn’t represent the Republican party. He seems to be resonating with Republicans generally.” According to the Council on American-Islamic Relations, a Muslim civil rights group, attacks on American Muslims and on mosques in the United States rose in 2015 to their highest level ever recorded.  The group said 31 incidents of damage or destruction of mosques were reported; there were 11 incidents in which a Muslim person was the target of a slur or another kind of harassment.  The Reuters/Ipsos poll ran in all 50 states from June 14 to July 6. It included 7,473 American adults and has a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of 1 percentage point. ",1
8747,House Speaker Ryan on Pence: 'No better choice',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan welcomed Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s choice of Mike Pence as a running mate on Friday, saying the Indiana governor comes from “the heart of the conservative movement.” “I can think of no better choice for our vice-presidential candidate. We need someone who is steady and secure in his principles, someone who can cut through the noise and make a compelling case for conservatism. Mike Pence is that man,” Ryan said in a statement. ",1
8748,Trump's expected VP pick: coal advocate who defied Obama's climate agenda,"WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Republican Donald Trump’s selection of Indiana Governor Mike Pence as his running mate cheered the U.S. energy industry and dismayed green advocates, with both sides citing Pence’s support for coal mining and defiance of President Barack Obama’s climate-change agenda. Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, has called climate change a hoax and promised to gut U.S. environmental regulations in order to help the ailing oil and coal sectors. A Trump-Pence ticket will quash any expectation that the New York businessman might soften that stance heading into the Nov. 8 election. “Governor Pence has been a vocal opponent of the administration’s Clean Power Plan,” said Laura Sheehan, spokeswoman for the Washington-based lobby group American Council on Clean Coal Electricity.   “We would hope to see a continuation,” she said. Trump announced Pence as his running mate in a Twitter post on Friday morning, ending days of speculation over the choice ahead of the party’s national convention in Cleveland next week. [nL1N1A10HR] Pence, 57, is listed on Obama’s “call out the climate change deniers” website for arguing that the science behind climate change has not yet been resolved. In June 2015, Pence wrote to Obama saying that Indiana, America’s eighth largest coal-producing state, would not comply with the Clean Power Plan regulating power plant emissions, calling it “ill-advised.” Indiana is one of more than 25 states that have challenged the centerpiece of the Democratic president’s environmental agenda. In 2014, Pence alarmed local environmental groups by overturning an energy efficiency program enacted by his Republican predecessor, Mitch Daniels, saying it was too expensive for the state’s manufacturers. The Indiana Public Utility Commission had estimated the program would create more than 18,600 jobs. “The choice of Pence shows Trump has little interest in appealing to anyone outside of his extremist base and Big Polluters,” said Clay Schroers, a director at the League of Conservation Voters environmental group.     Trump has long signaled his support of traditional energy production - part of his broader appeal to blue-collar American voters.  He outlined plans in May to sweep away environmental regulations ushered in by Obama, scrap the Paris Climate Accord, and revive the Keystone XL pipeline proposal – moves that would reverse years of gains by the green movement. Trump’s Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton, in contrast, has promised more stringent regulation of the energy sector, efforts to boost renewable fuels use, and a commitment to join other nations to combat global climate change. Pence ran for governor in 2012 after serving in the U.S. Congress. His campaign for governor received more than $850,000 from the energy sector, about 3 percent of the total, according to campaign finance disclosures. More than $300,000 of that came from the billionaire Koch brothers, strong advocates of small government and fiscal conservatism who took a liking to Pence. Both David and Charles Koch have said they will not support the Trump ticket. Trump has alarmed many Republican establishment figures with his fiery rhetoric on immigration and trade.  But a former high-ranking operative in the Koch political organization who is close to both brothers said Pence could help make the donor network more receptive to Trump’s campaign. ",1
8749,U.S. budget deficit to reach $600 billion in 2016: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. budget deficit is projected to rise to $600 billion in 2016, $16 billion less than previously expected, the White House Office of Management and Budget said on Friday. In a mid-session review, the administration said the 2016 deficit is now projected to be 3.3 percent of Gross Domestic Product (GDP). ",1
8750,Trump backers sue San Jose for allowing 'mob' assault,"(Reuters) - Police in the California city of San Jose, motivated by the political leanings of city officials, allowed an angry mob to assault Donald Trump supporters as they left a rally for the presumptive Republican presidential candidate last month, a lawsuit filed on Thursday alleges. The civil lawsuit, filed by 14 Trump supporters against the city of San Jose, its mayor, police chief and a number of other individuals, says police funneled Trump supporters outside the city’s convention center directly into a crowd of hundreds of “physically violent and aggressive” protesters. The plaintiffs add that city officials directed roughly 250 San Jose police officers not to intervene amid a melee of “violent criminal acts perpetrated by dozens of anti-Trump protesters.” The San Jose City Attorney, Richard Doyle, said he had not yet read the complaint, but that police made many arrests and the city is “committed to first amendment rights and protecting people.” A police department spokesman referred inquiries to Doyle’s office. Mayor Sam Liccardo, a Democrat, said in statement that the city will do “everything necessary” to prosecute those who acted illegally. “The ludicrous accusation that I somehow directed the police department to ‘stand down’ at the rally is utterly false,” Liccardo said. Tense and sometimes violent demonstrations have peppered Trump’s political rallies in New Mexico and California in recent months. Protesters are also expected to converge on the Republican National Convention next week in Cleveland. Hundreds of people in San Jose, many angry over Trump’s statements about immigration, gathered outside his event last month. Members of the crowd waved Mexican flags, chanted anti-Trump slogans, and burned Trump hats along with at least one U.S. flag. The lawsuit alleges Liccardo, police chief Edgardo Garcia, and some 40 other people stripped Trump backers of their rights to free speech and assembly. According to the lawsuit, which seeks unspecified compensation, one Trump backer was pelted with eggs and spat on, while another, a 71-year-old woman, had her hair pulled and her glasses broken. At one point, the lawsuit says, a 14-year-old boy was struck in the back of his head as members of the crowd shouted, “Kill him!”  Speaking at a campaign event the day after the events in San Jose, Trump described the rally as “a love fest inside. No problems whatsoever.” But then his supporters “walked out and they got accosted by a bunch of thugs,” he said. ",1
8751,"U.S. House passes Iran sanctions, financial services measures","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives passed two pieces of legislation linked to the international nuclear agreement with Iran on Thursday, one year after the landmark pact was announced, defying President Barack Obama’s veto threat. Voting largely along party lines, the Republican-controlled House voted 246 to 179 to pass a new set of sanctions on Iran, and 246 to 181 for a measure to block Iran’s access to the U.S. financial system, including use of the dollar. The House on Wednesday passed a bill to bar the U.S. purchase of “heavy water,” also with little backing from Democrats. Heavy water is a non-radioactive byproduct from making nuclear weapons and nuclear energy. The Obama administration said in April the United States would buy $8.6 million worth of heavy water from Iran, angering Republicans who called it a subsidy of the country’s nuclear program. The measures were among the last the House passed before Congress left Washington for a seven-week summer recess. There was no word on when, or whether, the measures would be taken up in the Senate. Every congressional Republican, and several of Obama’s fellow Democrats, opposed the nuclear deal between Iran, the United States and other world powers announced in July 2015 in which Tehran agreed to curtail its nuclear program in exchange for relief from crippling international sanctions. Since then, Republicans have repeatedly offered sanctions bills and other Iran-related legislation that Democrats dismiss as bids to score political points by undermining a deal seen as a potential foreign policy legacy for Obama. Republicans say they want to punish Iran for actions including its ballistic missile tests and send a strong message that Tehran should abide by its international commitments. ",1
8752,"In Virginia, Clinton tests Senator Tim Kaine as a 'safe' VP pick","WASHINGTON/ANNANDALE, Virginia (Reuters) - Hillary Clinton campaigned with potential vice presidential running-mate U.S. Senator Tim Kaine in his home state of Virginia on Thursday, testing whether the person widely seen as the “safe choice” can propel her to the White House in November.  Kaine’s 16-minute introduction of the presumptive Democratic nominee in a community college gymnasium in the Washington suburb of Annandale reflected Clinton’s need to reach out to Hispanic voters with her vice presidential pick. Kaine, a former missionary in Honduras who speaks Spanish, peppered his introduction with Spanish phrases and criticism of Republican Donald Trump’s statements regarding Latinos. “He trash talks Latinos - to him it doesn’t matter if you are a new immigrant or you’re a worker who has been here for a long time or a DREAMer or if you’re a Latina governor of New Mexico or a federal judge,” Kaine said to applause. Kaine was referring to statements Trump has made about young immigrants brought to the United States by their parents, New Mexico Governor Susana Martinez and the judge overseeing a civil fraud lawsuit against Trump University. Kaine could help Clinton check a lot of boxes in the list of requirements for a running mate.  The former civil rights lawyer is a Virginian, which could help Clinton win a battleground state in the Nov. 8 race against Trump. Such states are hotly contested because their populations can swing either to Republicans or Democrats and play a decisive role in presidential elections. Kaine is also affable, savvy about foreign policy and has executive experience as a former governor of Virginia and a former mayor of Richmond, the state’s capital. Though the Clinton campaign is keeping the vice presidential selection process tightly under wraps, many Democrats in Washington see Kaine as the front-runner. Some Democrats in Congress and in outside groups want to see Clinton make a more unconventional pick for her already historic run as the first female presidential nominee of a major party. U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, a fierce critic of Wall Street, and Julian Castro, a Latino who is the U.S. secretary of housing and urban development, are two possibilities mentioned by Democrats who want to see Clinton go with a bold choice before the Democratic convention in Philadelphia July 25-28. Labor Secretary Tom Perez, Representative Xavier Becerra of California, U.S. Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio and, more recently, retired Navy Admiral James Stavridis have also been mentioned as possibilities. Asked about Kaine, Artie Blanco, a superdelegate from Nevada, said he would not be her top pick. “Excited, no. OK with, you know, sure,” she said. Blanco said she likes Becerra and Perez as potential picks. She said Warren “would be fantastic” and she likes Brown’s stance on worker issues. Thursday’s event with Kaine gave Clinton an opportunity to gauge whether the 58-year-old, Harvard-educated senator would help her fire up a crowd and make for a comfortable fit on the campaign trail.  Cynthia Smith, a registered nurse from Cleveland, was at the event because her nephew is a volunteer with the campaign. She said she was not familiar with Kaine and would like to hear more from him, but at this point preferred Warren. “I’d like to see two women,” Smith said. Clinton had lunch with Democratic senators on Capitol Hill on Thursday. After the session, the lawmakers were mostly mum. When Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, the top Democrat, was asked by a reporter what the takeaway from the lunch was, he responded: “She’s going to be president.” Clinton spoke to the senators about returning the Senate to Democratic control and about how to create jobs in all 50 U.S. states. Some Democratic senators have been rallying around colleague Kaine, while others are holding out for a bolder pick. Robert Menendez of New Jersey, who has served on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee with Kaine, said in a brief interview: “If you look at the totality of Tim’s life and his work, I think there are elements that would bridge that divide” between progressive Democrats and more establishment Democrats who have fostered Clinton’s drive for the White House. ",1
8753,Kerry's Syria plan greeted with concern over Russian intentions,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - As U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow on Thursday to propose close military coordination in Syria, the White House and Pentagon offered lukewarm support for the plan and demanded that Moscow show it was serious about fighting Islamic State, not just propping up President Bashar al-Assad.Kerry himself took a tough line after his meeting on Thursday with Putin, State Department spokesman John Kirby told reporters in Moscow.  “Secretary Kerry emphasized that absent concrete, near-term steps, diplomatic efforts could not continue indefinitely,” Kirby said. Kerry’s proposal would create a new center where U.S. and Russian militaries would share intelligence and coordinate air strikes against Islamic State and the Nusra Front, an al Qaeda affiliate. The move has angered U.S. military and intelligence officers and diplomats who argue that Russia has proved repeatedly that it cannot be trusted. Pentagon spokesman Peter Cook said Defense Secretary Ash Carter supported Kerry’s efforts to encourage Moscow to “do the right thing” in Syria. But he added that Carter has experience dealing with Moscow and maintains a “healthy dose of skepticism” about Russia’s aims in the conflict.     “The secretary supports Secretary Kerry’s effort ... but he has also said that he’s had questions about the Russian activities up to this point,” Cook told reporters.     “If the Russians are prepared to do the right thing in Syria, then the secretary of defense would be open to that conversation,” he said. “But we’re waiting to see what’s going on. ... It’s not clear that we’ll ever reach an agreement.” WHITE HOUSE SAYS IT’S UP TO RUSSIA At the White House, spokesman Josh Earnest’s response was similarly cautious. “It’s time for Russia to make serious decisions about how they want to use their influence inside of Syria both when it comes to their diplomatic influence, but also when it comes to their military capabilities,” Earnest told a daily briefing on Thursday at the White House,  “They have to decide if they’re going to use the military to prop up the Assad regime or if they’re going to use their military to go after extremists,” Earnest said, “Our case is you can’t do both.” Kerry has expressed growing frustration with the lack of progress in ending Syria’s five-year civil war despite agreements with Russia to secure a lasting nationwide cessation of hostilities and ensure that humanitarian aid reaches besieged communities. U.N.-led efforts to bring the warring sides together to negotiate a political transition also have failed. State Department spokeswoman Elizabeth Trudeau acknowledged  a “very robust and very vigorous conversation” among government agencies over Kerry’s plan. Asked whether Kerry’s visit had the full backing of the White House, she added: “I’m not going to characterize that for the White House, but I would say that the secretary is going to ... have discussions in Moscow that present the administration’s views.” Anger Within the Administration    But U.S. military and intelligence officers and diplomats involved in Syria policy expressed anger about Kerry’s proposal, which several called naive.     The Russians, said one official, had known for weeks about Kerry’s upcoming visit to Moscow, yet two days before he was due to arrive they bombed a remote camp near Syria’s border with Jordan used by U.S.-backed rebels. “That is consistent with what the Russians have been doing all along,” said a U.S. military official, who like others spoke anonymously to criticize administration policy. “More of it has been to us, not with us, and the message has been clear all along: ‘When our interests differ from yours, ours win.” “They’ve violated every cessation of hostilities agreement they’ve ever agreed to, sometimes within hours,” the official said.     Another American official, who has helped train members of the Free Syrian Army rebel alliance, said the U.S.-backed opposition forces have been asking why the administration keeps seeking Russian help and are growing increasingly bitter, their anger compounded by what they complain is a lack of American military support. Former U.S. Ambassador to Syria Robert Ford expressed deep skepticism with Kerry’s plan, saying Russian air strikes have primarily targeted U.S-supported moderate opposition groups. “How serious are they (Russia) about defeating terrorism, as opposed to bolstering Assad’s position at the center? How are we to assume that they are going to do better if they work with the Americans?” Ford told Reuters. Ford said that Russia has been unable to get its “obstreperous client” Assad to make any political concessions, allow significant humanitarian assistance into numerous rebel-held enclaves or abide by a cessation of hostilities agreement. “I don’t think the Russians can deliver,” he said. “I don’t see how this American-Russian condominium on the Islamic State can help bring about a negotiated solution to the broader Syrian conflict. It will make it less likely that Assad will make concessions that will bring the broader civil war to an end.” ",1
8754,"Senators urge U.S. to close lead testing gaps, citing Reuters investigation","(Reuters) - Some influential U.S. senators are urging a federal agency to take action to ensure more children are tested for lead poisoning, citing a Reuters investigation that found millions are missing required lead tests, leaving some vulnerable to lifelong health effects. In a three-page letter to be sent on Friday, U.S. senators including Sherrod Brown of Ohio, Ron Wyden of Oregon and Deborah Stabenow of Michigan, all Democrats, called on the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS), to re-evaluate its lead screening policy for millions of Medicaid-eligible children. The senators want CMS to improve U.S. blood lead testing rates they called “dismal,” and to ensure all state Medicaid programs comply with testing rules and provide treatment for children with elevated blood lead levels. Medicaid is a U.S. government program that provides health care for low-income and disabled people.  The letter, provided to Reuters by Brown’s office, cites a June Reuters investigation (reut.rs/1YgbjCX) detailing how millions of U.S. children are falling through the cracks of early childhood lead testing requirements. Though Medicaid has long required children in the program to receive blood lead tests at ages one and two, Reuters obtained data from nearly a dozen states showing that only 41 percent of Medicaid-eligible children were tested as required in 2014.     Those shortfalls left some children vulnerable to prolonged and preventable lead exposure, which can stunt their cognitive development and cause permanent mental and physical ailments.     Concerns about childhood lead exposure have grown sharply after children in Flint, Michigan were poisoned by lead-tainted drinking water starting in 2014. Across the country, more than 500,000 U.S. children have elevated lead levels, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Another exposure risk is old lead paint in millions of homes built before 1978. In Cleveland, Ohio, for instance, 13.7 percent of children tested had elevated levels of lead in their blood, Reuters found. “Children in Ohio are being poisoned by their own homes,” Senator Brown said on Thursday. “To protect our children, we need better coordination between federal and state health agencies and Medicaid physicians.” Experts cited several factors for the gaps: some doctors do not order the tests or are unaware of Medicaid and state rules; children miss appointments or parents do not follow up on test referrals; and Medicaid and health departments do little to enforce testing. The testing guidelines are often confusing, and federal and state data on lead testing contain gaps. In the letter, the lawmakers urge CMS to take steps to get more children tested and to review and update its lead screening protocols, and help guide state Medicaid administrators to make sure all at-risk children get screened. ",1
8755,Trump postpones news conference to announce running mate due to France attack,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said on Twitter he postponed a news conference scheduled for Friday in New York to announce his running mate because of the deadly truck attack in Nice, France. Trump’s campaign advisers have told Republican officials he has picked Indiana Governor Mike Pence as his vice presidential running mate, two Republican sources said, but Trump officials said he had not yet made a final decision. ",1
8756,Protesters keeping kids away from Cleveland Republican convention,"(Reuters) - A Milwaukee-based immigrants rights group canceled plans to take children to demonstrations outside the Republican National Convention, which starts on Monday, citing fears of violence after last week’s shootings in Dallas. Voces de la Frontera (Voices from the Border) typically includes children in its marches, seeking to humanize the debate over immigration policy, but opted against that in Cleveland because “things can escalate,” group member Daniel Gutierrez said. Donald Trump is expected to officially become the Republican candidate for president at the convention, which runs from Monday to Thursday, when myriad protest groups from around the country are expected to converge on Cleveland. Protests at Trump campaign events have turned volatile, and tensions could be heightened by the presence of citizens carrying firearms. Ohio gun laws will allow people to openly carry firearms at the protests, while more innocuous items such as tennis balls, umbrellas with steel points and water guns will be prohibited. Police said the presence of openly carried weapons complicated their job at the Dallas protest shootings, when a former U.S. Army reservist shot dead five police officers, seeking revenge for police killings of black men. About 45 members of Voces de la Frontera plan to participate in a Coalition to Stop Trump rally on Monday, said Gutierrez, adding that he was unafraid that others may bring guns.     “If anything comes up that puts our lives at risk, we definitely are not going to stand there. If anything breaks out, just remove ourselves from there. Go to a safe location,” Gutierrez said. Brad Sigal, a spokesman for the Minnesota Immigrant Rights Action Committee, said his organization was training marshals to keep the group safe, primarily by steering members clear of  potential confrontations. About 50 of its members would travel to Cleveland, he said.     “There will be a lot of police there, there may be counterprotests, but we’re there to get our message out and that’s what we’re going to do,” Sigal said. “We’re aware of the situation and preparing for it.” Rustbelt Medics, a group of street medics that volunteers first aid at political events, has been conducting medical training in preparation for the convention. Gloria Tavera, a medical student and street medic with the group, says Rustbelt Medics will have trained about 50 people prior to the convention. “Part of the training definitely involves what happens when people get hit by rubber bullets,” Tavera said. ",1
8757,U.S. lawmakers introduce bill to criminalize ‘revenge porn’,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Lawmakers in the U.S. House of Representatives introduced long-stalled legislation on Thursday that would make it a federal crime to share sexually explicit material of a person online without the subject’s consent. The “Intimate Privacy Protection Act” is an effort several years in the making to combat the rise in recent years of “revenge porn,” images that are shared on the internet in order to extort or humiliate someone. The practice disproportionately affects women. “These acts of bullying have ruined careers, families, and even led to suicide,” Representative Jackie Speier, a California Democrat and lead author of the bill, said in a statement.  The legislation would allow fines and up to five years in prison for posting online or distributing sexually explicit photos or videos with “reckless disregard” for the consent of the subject. More than 30 states have enacted similar laws in recent years.  Exceptions listed in the bill would allow for posting material that is in the public interest or that features a person voluntarily posing nude in a public or commercial setting. The bill stalled for years amid concerns raised by technology companies and internet freedom advocates worried that service providers such as Alphabet Inc’s YouTube could be exposed to liability for acting as third-party hosts of revenge porn content shared by users.  Speier’s bill, which was introduced with support from Facebook and Twitter, exempts such companies as long as they do not promote or solicit revenge porn content. Many tech companies have tightened their terms of service in recent years to prohibit revenge porn. Those companies typically rely on users to report objectionable content to teams of human reviewers who delete content found to violate terms of service. Democratic Representatives Katherine Clark and Gregory Meeks and Republican Representatives Ryan Costello and Tom Rooney joined the bill as original co-sponsors. ",1
8758,"FBI, Homeland Security chiefs preparing for violence at political conventions","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson and FBI Director James Comey told lawmakers on Thursday that they were preparing their agencies for the possibility of violence, both from unruly demonstrators and terrorists, at the upcoming Republican and Democratic nominating conventions.  Speaking before the House Homeland Security Committee, Johnson said he was concerned that demonstrations at the events could get out of hand. In an interview with Reuters following his testimony, Johnson said he knew of no specific or credible threat to either convention but that it was important to be prepared.   Johnson said the Department of Homeland Security would be sending more than 3,000 personnel to each convention.  Recent clashes between attendees and protesters at rallies for presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump have led to physical assaults and arrests. The Republican National Convention being held July 18-21 in Cleveland and the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia from July 25-28 follow a string of high-profile shootings. In June, an Islamic State sympathizer committed the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history, killing 49 people in a gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida. Last week, five police officers in Dallas were killed by a black man angry about police shootings of unarmed black men. Comey told the committee that the Federal Bureau of Investigation was monitoring the threat of violence at the conventions “very, very carefully.”     “Anytime there is a national spotlight on a political event in the United States, there is a risk that groups that aspire to do just that, engage in acts of domestic terrorism, will be attracted,” Comey said.  ",1
8759,Supreme Court Justice Ginsburg 'regrets' Trump criticisms,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg on Thursday said she regrets making critical comments about Republican presidential contender Donald Trump. “On reflection, my recent remarks in response to press inquiries were ill-advised and I regret making them,” she said in a statement issued by the court. Ginsburg, the 83-year-old senior liberal member of the high court, inserted herself into the U.S. presidential election in recent days by making negative remarks about Trump in a series of media interviews.  Her earlier remarks prompted criticism from Trump, who said she should resign. In one of a series of Twitter posts, he also said Ginsburg’s “mind is shot.” The Trump campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Ginsburg’s statement. Legal ethics scholars also questioned Ginsburg’s actions, saying Supreme Court justices should stay out the political fray in order to maintain their judicial integrity. The New York Times and the Washington Post chided Ginsburg in editorial articles. “Judges should avoid commenting on a candidate for public office. In the future I will be more circumspect,” Ginsburg said. In a CNN interview posted on Tuesday, Ginsburg called the presumptive Republican nominee “a faker.” In a separate interview with the New York Times, Ginsburg joked about moving to New Zealand if Trump wins the White House. Under a code of conduct that federal judges - but not Supreme Court justices - are required to follow, judges are forbidden from publicly endorsing or opposing candidates for public office.  Supreme Court justices generally shy away from discussing politics or other divisive issues in public. Ginsburg is one of the more outspoken members of the court but had never before made such pointed remarks about a political candidate. The controversy erupted as Trump prepared for the opening of the July 18-21 Republican convention, which will formally make him the party’s presidential nominee for the Nov. 8 election. The Supreme Court has been ideologically split between four liberals and four conservatives since conservative Justice Antonin Scalia died in February. ",1
8760,On the sidelines of the 2016 presidential campaign,"(Reuters) - For the scores of photographers on the 2016 U.S. presidential campaign trail, capturing the characters, the color and the vibe of the election often means turning away from the speaker on the podium. “The audience, the voters and the candidate are equally important,” said Brian Snyder, who has been a photographer for Reuters for more than 20 years.  “The voters need the candidates and the candidates need the voters. Any way you can show that visually is a good campaign picture as far as I’m concerned.”  Take, for example, the window full of young Bernie Sanders supporters that Snyder photographed at Bronx Community College in New York, waving to the U.S. senator from Vermont. Sanders won enthusiastic support from young people in his hard-fought race against the eventual presumptive Democratic nominee, Hillary Clinton. Or look at the tree with umbrellas hanging to dry on it outside a rainy Sanders rally in Buffalo, New York, after the Secret Service prevented supporters from carrying them inside. “I’m sure one person did it, and then the other person thought it was a good idea, and then the next thing you know, there are 30 umbrellas,” Snyder said. “It was just one of those funny things.” Veteran Reuters photographer Mike Segar described covering this year’s U.S. presidential campaign as “strangely fun.”  In a 23-year Reuters career, Segar has covered five presidential elections, but said that this one was different, especially with New York businessman Donald Trump, who became the presumptive Republican nominee, playing a starring role. “The tone of the Trump campaign makes everything different for everybody,” Segar said. He added that heightened security around Trump had also impacted how photographers illustrate the campaign.        Segar took a photograph of one of his own meals when he was covering a Clinton rally: hamburger meat on a bed of undressed spinach in a tinfoil to-go container.  “I was trying to give viewers a little bit of a different taste of what we see on a day to day basis,” Segar said with a laugh.  “Your photos don’t necessarily have to capture the most earth-shattering moments of the campaign, but they have to capture people’s interest.” Reuters photographer Lucas Jackson said he always looked for a different angle at rallies. In one of his photos, young reporters can be seen staring into the screens of their Macbook laptops at a Sanders rally in Pennsylvania. “Usually cameras are pointed at the candidate,” Jackson Said. “I’m always looking to add context.” ",1
8761,New U.S. bill to tax financial trading brings campaign issue to the fore,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Representative Peter DeFazio on Wednesday unveiled legislation to tax financial trades that will likely wither in Congress but could stoke partisan fires in the presidential election. The Oregon Democrat’s bill would levy a 0.03 percent tax on most financial trades, and is intended to discourage “risky trading behaviors.” DeFazio expects that will collect more than $417 billion in revenue in the next decade, which he said could be used to fund free higher education or infrastructure repairs. When the Democratic Party gathers in Philadelphia for its national convention at the end of the month, it will adopt a platform that calls for taxing trades. Many liberals in the party embrace the proposal as a way to curb speculative trading, which they say led to both the 2007-09 financial crisis and the 2010 stock market “flash crash.” The party’s left wing, led by U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders, who ran against Hillary Clinton for the presidential nomination, meanwhile, has pushed for free university education. “Thanks to the reckless greed of Wall Street over the past few decades, the American economy is a grossly unbalanced playing field,” said DeFazio. “The only way we can level it is if we rein in reckless speculative financial trading and curb near-instantaneous high-volume trades that create instability in the stock market and our national economy.” The legislation is supported by Democratic Party stalwarts, including the AFL-CIO labor union federation, the Americans for Financial Reform coalition, the Communications Workers of America union, and advocacy group Public Citizen. The Center for Economic and Policy Research said it also backs the bill. It will likely not get far. Republicans control both chambers of Congress, and most say that Wall Street regulation passed in the aftermath of the financial crisis has been overly restrictive. In addition, the Republican Party generally favors having fewer taxes. “I am opposed to any taxes that would raise the cost of financial transactions,” said Randy Neugebauer, the Republican chairman of a House subcommittee on financial institutions, noting that the bill would tax stock, bond and derivatives trades.  Currently, the top U.S. securities regulator, the Securities and Exchange Commission, charges a tax on security futures of less than half of a penny to recover the costs of regulating markets and financial professionals. The idea for the tax can be traced back to economist John Maynard Keynes, who wrote in 1935 after another devastating financial crisis - the Great Depression - that a transfer tax on all transactions might mitigate speculation. (This version of the story corrects reference to Center for Economic and Policy Research in 7th paragraph, which had been incorrectly described as a Democratic stalwart) ",1
8762,"Factbox: Five facts about Mike Pence, Trump's running mate pick","(Reuters) - Republican Donald Trump will name Indiana Governor Mike Pence as his vice presidential running mate on Friday, U.S. news organizations reported on Thursday. Here are five facts about Pence, a Republican who previously served in the U.S. House of Representatives: Pence did not initially support Trump. Shortly before Indiana’s Republican primary election in May, Pence endorsed Trump’s rival, U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas. Pence praised Trump at the time, but he compared Cruz to former Republican President Ronald Reagan and called him a “principled conservative.” Trump won the state anyway, and Cruz dropped out of the Republican race. Trump and Pence have since met to discuss the running mate position. WELL-CONNECTED WITH DONORS Pence has strong ties to billionaire donors Charles and David Koch, including current and former staff members who have worked for them. After saying he was primarily self-funding his campaign during the Republican primaries, Trump has been holding fundraisers during the general election, with support from the Republican National Committee. The New York businessman comes to the money race at a considerable disadvantage, however, compared with Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. Pence sometimes describes himself as “a Christian, a conservative and a Republican, in that order.” Pence in 2015 signed a religious freedom law that critics said opened the door to anti-gay discrimination. When he was in Congress, he opposed repealing the military’s “Don’t Ask Don’t Tell” policy on sexual orientation. He also has pushed restrictive abortion regulations and has pushed for Congress to defund Planned Parenthood, a nonprofit women’s health provider that performs some abortions. He was a vocal opponent of the 2008 Wall Street bailout. In September 2008, Pence, then a U.S. House member, argued against the $700 billion package to stabilize the U.S. financial system, saying it would “nationalize almost every bad mortgage in America.”  Pence also said the Dodd-Frank financial reform legislation passed in 2010 would hurt jobs. Trump has vowed to dismantle Dodd-Frank, though he has not said how he would replace it. Pence opposed allowing Syrian refugees coming to the United States to settle in Indiana. In November 2015, the governor directed state agencies to suspend the resettlement of Syrians there. A family that was supposed to arrive in December was instead sent to Connecticut. A federal judge later ruled the order “clearly discriminates” against refugees from a particular country. However, Pence tweeted disapproval in 2015 for plans to ban Muslims from entering the United States, an idea Trump has advocated. Pence called it “offensive and unconstitutional.” ",1
8763,U.S. not coordinating Syria military operations with Russia: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is not coordinating its military operations in Syria with Russia, the White House said on Thursday. “At present, the United States is not conducting or coordinating military operations with Russia,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest said at a news briefing. “I know there’s some speculation that an agreement may be reached to do so, but it’s not clear that will happen.” ",1
8764,Trump demands U.S. Supreme Court Justice Ginsburg resign over criticism,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Donald Trump thrust the U.S. Supreme Court into the presidential campaign debate on Wednesday, rallying conservatives with a call for Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg to resign after she lambasted him in a series of media interviews. The presumptive Republican presidential nominee led a chorus of outrage over the comments by Ginsburg, who described Trump as a “faker” and speculated about the possibility of moving to New Zealand if he won the White House. In a post-midnight counterattack on Twitter, Trump said the 83-year-old leader of the court’s liberal wing had “embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. Her mind is shot - resign!” The furor gave Trump a cause to help galvanize conservatives divided over his unorthodox candidacy but concerned that the high court is too liberal, a mistrust fueled by recent rulings upholding racial preferences in university admissions and striking down tough abortion restrictions in Texas. In three recent interviews, Ginsburg questioned how Trump had gotten away with not turning over his tax returns and said she could not bear to think about the wealthy real estate developer winning the White House. In response, Trump said Ginsburg had politicized the Supreme Court with her comments and suggested she owed her fellow justices an apology. “I’m questioning her mental capacity,” he told Fox News Channel on Wednesday. “For her to have done that is an absolute disgrace to the Supreme Court.”    Other Republicans jumped to join the attack, saying Ginsburg had proven she could not be an impartial voice on the country’s highest court. “For someone on the Supreme Court who is going to be calling balls and strikes in the future based upon whatever the next president or Congress does, that strikes me as inherently biased and out of the realm,” Republican House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on CNN on Tuesday. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell called her comments “totally inappropriate,” while Senator John Cornyn of Texas, the No. 2 Senate Republican, said Ginsburg’s statements reflected poorly on her objectivity. The New York Times and Washington Post joined in the rebukes, with the Times asking her to uphold the court’s tradition of silence in political campaigns and drop the “punditry and name-calling.” Ginsburg’s comments could push some on the right who have reservations about Trump into his camp, said Jonathan Adler, a conservative professor at Case Western Reserve University School of Law who is not a Trump supporter. “There are some (not me) who learn to like Trump based on the enemies he makes,” he said in an email. The controversy erupted as Trump prepared for the opening of the July 18-21 Republican convention, which will formally make him the party’s presidential nominee in the Nov. 8 election. Ginsburg is the senior liberal on the court, which has been ideologically split between four liberals and four conservatives since conservative Justice Antonin Scalia died in February. “This gives Trump the ability to attack not only Justice Ginsburg but ultimately the authority of the Supreme Court. That is a very bad situation,” said Richard Painter, a law professor at the University of Minnesota Law School who served as a lawyer in the White House under Republican President George W. Bush. U.S. Supreme Court justices are not required to follow the code of judicial conduct that applies to judges on lower federal courts. The code, set by the U.S. Judicial Conference, says judges should not “make speeches for a political organization or candidate, or publicly endorse or oppose a candidate for public office.” Still, the justices typically try to stay out of the political fray. The court has a sometimes pivotal role as a judicial counterweight to the executive and legislative branches of government, deciding some of the most divisive social issues in American life. In recent years, major rulings legalized gay marriage nationwide and upheld Democratic President Barack Obama’s healthcare overhaul.  In public remarks earlier this year, Chief Justice John Roberts stressed it was important for the justices not to be seen as political players, saying criticisms of partisanship, which he described as inaccurate, were damaging to the court’s reputation. “We don’t work as Democrats or Republicans,” he said. Ginsburg was not immediately available for comment on Trump’s remarks and the other rebukes. The high court, whose nine justices are nominated by the U.S. president to lifetime appointments, had already been caught up in political controversy as the Republican-controlled U.S. Senate refused to take up Obama’s nominee to replace Scalia, Merrick Garland. Republicans have said the next president should be allowed to nominate a replacement for Scalia. Trump has emphasized the importance of naming conservative justices to the court. The next president, potentially serving two four-year terms, could have the opportunity to appoint up to three new justices, not including Scalia’s replacement. Ginsburg is the oldest of the justices. Justice Anthony Kennedy turns 80 on July 23, while Justice Stephen Breyer turns 78 in August. Some Democrats defended Ginsburg, with U.S. Senator Jon Tester of Montana saying “she called him (Trump) for what she saw” and Senator Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota saying, “I think she’s the ultimate determiner of what’s appropriate and what isn’t.” But Democratic Senator Chris Murphy of Connecticut said, “I don’t think we’re well served by Supreme Court justices openly expressing their political opinions.” Asked about Ginsburg’s remarks, White House spokesman Josh Earnest responded with a joke referencing a nickname used widely on social media by Ginsburg’s admirers. “She didn’t earn the nickname ‘the Notorious R.B.G.’ for nothing,” he said. The name was inspired by rapper Notorious B.I.G. ",1
8765,U.S. says allies oppose bill allowing 9/11 lawsuits against Saudi Arabia,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. State Department officials told members of Congress on Tuesday that legislation that would allow families of Sept. 11 victims to sue Saudi Arabia is opposed by important U.S. allies and posed a national security risk. But many members of a House of Representatives Judiciary Committee subcommittee expressed strong support at a hearing for the “Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act,” or JASTA, which the Senate passed in May by unanimous voice vote despite President Barack Obama’s veto threat. The Saudis, who deny responsibility for the 2001 attacks, strongly oppose the legislation. Other governments have also raised objections. The Dutch parliament warned that JASTA would represent a breach of Dutch sovereignty. A member of the British parliament wrote a column opposing it. Anne Patterson, the State Department’s assistant secretary for Near Eastern affairs, and Brian Egan, its legal counsel, testified that the measure could lead to lawsuits against the United States and discourage security cooperation such as intelligence sharing between governments. “We cannot win the fight against ISIL without full international cooperation,” Patterson said, using an acronym for the Islamic State militant group. But the bill’s supporters say it would provide justice to those who lost loved ones in the attacks 15 years ago. They argue that if Saudi Arabia was not responsible for the attacks, it would win any lawsuits. Representative Jerrold Nadler, a Democrat who represents New York City, said worry about retaliation should not keep the measure from becoming law. “That is no reason to deny justice to the victims of 9/11 and their families,” he said. If it became law, JASTA would remove sovereign immunity preventing lawsuits against governments for countries found to be involved in terrorist attacks on U.S. soil. It would allow survivors of the attacks, and relatives of those killed in the attacks, to seek damages from other countries. In this case, it would allow lawsuits to proceed in federal court in New York as lawyers try to prove that the Saudis were involved in the attacks on the World Trade Center and Pentagon. There was no immediate word on when the House might vote on JASTA. The House was due to adjourn later on Thursday for its summer recess and will not return to Washington until September. ",1
8766,European politicians wary on Republican convention over Trump,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Britain’s Nigel Farage will be at the Republican convention in Cleveland next week to dole out lessons from his Brexit campaign. So will Geert Wilders, leader of the Dutch Freedom Party, who sees Donald Trump as an ally in his crusade to prevent an “Islamization” of the West. But some mainstream European conservatives who have traveled to previous Republican gatherings admit in private to being horrified at the prospect of a Trump presidency and are boycotting this year’s spectacle, which runs from July 18-21. Many of the center-right politicians making the trip from Europe admit to secretly rooting for Trump’s Democratic rival Hillary Clinton. They are going not to support Trump, they say, but to witness “the Donald” in the flesh and experience what is shaping up to be one of the rowdiest, most unpredictable Republican conventions in decades. “We will see whether Trump can reinvent himself at the convention,” Guenter Krings, a senior lawmaker from German Chancellor Angela Merkel’s conservatives who will make the trip with just one other Bundestag colleague, told Reuters. “One can only hope so, but I have my doubts.” Politicians from around the world are invited every four years to attend the Republican and Democratic conventions as part of a formal visitors program that includes briefings with campaign managers, pollsters and foreign policy experts. They also spend time in the main convention hall. This year, nearly 120 politicians from center-right parties outside the United States are expected, roughly half of them from Europe.  Trump’s candidacy has presented European parties with traditional links to U.S. Republicans with a dilemma. Many view his positions — on issues like immigration, security, trade and the divisive Brexit question — as closer to those of upstart far-right parties whose rise they are struggling to contain. Four years ago, when Mitt Romney was the Republican candidate, the center-right European People’s Party (EPP), the largest grouping in the European Parliament, sent a delegation of eight members to Tampa. This year there will be no EPP delegation because no-one from the group expressed an interest in attending. Despite the wariness, there is a reluctance to criticize the famously thin-skinned Trump too openly, in part out of fear he could win the election in November and punish his foreign critics, as he threatened to do when David Cameron, the recently departed British prime minister, slammed Trump’s proposal for a temporary U.S. ban on Muslims as “divisive, stupid and wrong”. While the conservative mainstream is leery, Europe’s array of nationalist, anti-immigration parties seem fascinated by Trump, even if some are uneasy about embracing the New York real estate businessman, who has vowed to “make America great again”. A spokesman for Britain’s UKIP party in Brussels confirmed that Farage would attend to “give them some lessons” on Brexit. And Wilders told Reuters that he would be in Cleveland and wanted to meet Trump there. “I hope Donald Trump becomes America’s next president,” Wilders said. “Such a victory would be good for Europe. America and Europe are threatened by the same danger of cultural relativism and Islam.” Austria’s far-right Freedom Party, France’s National Front and the Alternative for Germany (AfD) are not planning to send anyone to Cleveland, the parties said. “We are neutral,” Freedom Party leader Heinz-Christian Strache told Reuters when asked if he supported Trump. “He defends American interests. He is saying some things that need to be said.”Also absent will be Italy’s Northern League, whose leader Matteo Salvini describes himself as an enthusiastic Trump fan but learned earlier this year that the admiration was not necessarily mutual. Salvini traveled to Pennsylvania in April to attend a Trump rally. He was photographed shaking hands with the Republican candidate and his party said Trump had endorsed Salvini to become Italian prime minister. But a month later, Trump denied in an interview ever having met Salvini and said he had no interest in doing so. Eirik Moen of the International Democrat Union, which coordinates trips to the convention by center-right politicians across the world, said that numbers could be dented this year because countries like Britain, Spain and Australia are in the midst of political transitions, making it difficult for some to travel. Still, eight British Conservatives who sit in the European Parliament are expected to be in Cleveland. On the continent, France’s main center-right party, les Republicains, is not sending a delegation. And the contingent from Merkel’s Christian Democrats (CDU) is unusually small. In Germany, political debate is conducted in a sober, reserved manner and personal attacks are rare, even during election campaigns. Hence the mix of shock and horror at the tone of the U.S. race. Trump has dismissed Merkel as “insane” for letting hundreds of thousands of refugees into the country. And his idea to build a wall along the Mexican border elicits shudders in Berlin, a city that was divided by its own wall for nearly three decades and will celebrate the 27th anniversary of its fall a day after U.S. voters cast their ballots on Nov. 8. “Many of Donald Trump’s positions — for example his stance toward Muslims, toward immigration from Mexico and gun ownership — are simply not compatible with the positions of the conservatives and other parties in Germany,” said Juergen Hardt, a CDU lawmaker who also acts as the government’s coordinator for transatlantic relations. Hardt said he is planning to go on vacation with his family next week and won’t be able to attend the convention. ",1
8767,"U.S. presidential race tied, Clinton hurt by emails: poll","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. presidential race is tied going into the major parties’ national conventions and Democrat Hillary Clinton has been damaged by the FBI investigation into her email use while secretary of state, a new opinion poll showed on Thursday. The New York Times/CBS News poll showed 67 percent of voters surveyed said Clinton was not honest and trustworthy, up 5 percentage points from a CBS poll conducted last month before the FBI made its findings public. As Donald Trump prepares to accept the Republican presidential nomination next week, the poll showed him in a dead heat with Clinton in a general election matchup. Each candidate drew 40 percent of the vote, compared with the 6 percentage point lead enjoyed by Clinton in last month’s survey, the poll showed. The margin of error was 3 percentage points in the CBS News/New York Times poll, which was conducted by telephone July 8-12 among a random sample of 1,600 adults nationwide, including 1,358 registered voters.   The survey showed 62 percent of voters surveyed distrust Trump as well. “But Mrs. Clinton’s shifting and inaccurate explanations of her email practices at the State Department appear to have resonated more deeply with the electorate,” the Times wrote. FBI Director James Comey said last week Clinton was “extremely careless” in the handling of classified information but the investigation found no evidence she or her colleagues intended to violate laws. The Times/CBS poll echoes the finding of a Quinnipiac Poll released on Wednesday that showed Trump pulling just ahead of Clinton in the so-called swing states of Florida and Pennsylvania as the former U.S. senator and first lady lost ground on honesty and moral standards. In contrast to the New York Times/CBS News poll, a Reuters/Ipsos online opinion poll released on Tuesday showed Clinton leading Trump by 13 points at a national level, with 46 percent to Trump’s 33 percent support among likely voters. The election is on Nov. 8. ",1
8768,U.S. aims for start this year on buying more military satellites,"FARNBOROUGH, England (Reuters) - The U.S. Air Force has developed a new framework for assessing the resilience of its satellites that should allow it to start the acquisition process for more military communication and missile detection satellites this autumn, a senior official said at the Farnborough Airshow this week. Lockheed Martin, Boeing Co, Northrop Grumman Corp and Raytheon Co are keeping a close eye on these satellite programs, which could be worth billions of dollars and represent the first big new business opportunities in the military space market for some time. U.S. officials have grown increasingly concerned about the need to protect their military satellites - which are critical to being able to identify targets, navigate, communicate and operate drones - given the growing use of electronic jammers and other threats. Winston Beauchamp, the U.S. Air Force deputy undersecretary for space, told Reuters that officials had developed a new set of criteria over the past year to help military leaders determine their options for more satellites. The Air Force had previously looked at the options for follow-on satellites in both programs but until now had not included specific criteria for their resilience, or their ability to operate in the face of “hostile action or adverse conditions,” such as electromagnetic interference. Beauchamp said senior Pentagon leaders last week endorsed the work done so far on the framework and further work planned before it is presented to Defense Secretary Ash Carter for approval in the fall. Once that decision is made, the Air Force hopes to begin the long-awaited acquisition process to buy follow-on satellites for the Advanced Extremely High Frequency (AEHF) system built by Lockheed Martin for protected satellite communications, and new missile warning satellites, also currently built by Lockheed under the Space Based Infrared System (SBIRS) program. Work was already underway on the acquisition strategy for each of the two programs so they could begin shortly after the resilience decision this autumn, Beauchamp said. The U.S. Air Force was also focused on increasing coordination and planning among allies for its space operations, as well as more multilateral wargaming and work on developing rules of engagement and joint concepts of operations. “We are thinking more broadly about how to conduct operations in a joint manner,” Beauchamp said. “In the past it was tacked on at the end. But we’d like to find a way to shift the planning to the left in a number of areas.” ",1
8769,Report accuses Tennessee lawmaker of inappropriate sexual conduct,"(Reuters) - A Tennessee state lawmaker was accused of inappropriate sexual conduct with 22 women over a four-year period in a state attorney general’s report released on Wednesday.  Republican Representative Jeremy Durham repeatedly made unwelcomed advances toward female legislative staff, interns and lobbyists since being elected in 2012, according to a report issued to a legislative committee investigating his conduct. Durham declined to be interviewed by investigators, the report said, and he was not immediately available for comment. “The investigation has been a politically motivated, unfair and unconstitutional process,” said Durham’s attorney Bill Harbison in a statement to the Nashville CBS affiliate News Channel 5. The report details interviews with 22 unnamed women who described numerous occasions when the married legislator flirted and made suggestive sexual comments or physical advances toward them.  In one case, Durham had sex with an 20-year-old campaign worker in his legislative office and again in his home. On several occasions, he sent text messages or used social media to make “inappropriate” comments to several women.  One of the women described the messages as “terribly inappropriate” while another said his behavior “creeped her out.” A lobbyist told investigators that Durham suggested he would vote for a bill she was promoting if she entertained his advances. “I’m for your bill but I’m going to expect something in return,” he told her according to the report.  In a memo attached to the report, the committee said it will leave Durham’s fate to the voters as he is up for re-election in November.  ",1
8770,CIA director says he would resign if ordered to resume waterboarding,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - CIA Director John Brennan said on Wednesday he would resign if the next president ordered his agency to resume waterboarding suspected militants, an apparent reference to comments by Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump embracing the banned interrogation method. “I can say that as long as I’m director of CIA, irrespective of what the president says, I’m not going to be the director of CIA that gives that order. They’ll have to find another director,” said Brennan, who did not mention Trump by name. Brennan, who has been director since 2013, tacked his comment to the end of his response to a question about drone strike policy after speaking at the Brookings Institution, a Washington policy institute.Brennan said previously he would refuse to resume the practice, which simulates drowning and was used by the CIA on three suspected militants detained in secret foreign prisons during President George W. Bush’s administration. But his pledge to resign if ordered to revive waterboarding was his most emphatic affirmation of his position to date. Trump, set to be formally nominated next week as the Republican nominee for the Nov. 8 election, has said he would reauthorize waterboarding immediately if elected, contending that “torture works.” At an April 20 rally in Indianapolis, he recalled being asked about waterboarding during a debate the previous week. “They asked me: ‘What do you think about waterboarding, Mr. Trump?’ I said I love it. I love it, I think it’s great. And I said the only thing is, we should make it much tougher than waterboarding,” he said. Democratic President Barack Obama signed an executive order after taking office in January 2009 that banned waterboarding and other “enhanced interrogation techniques,” or EITs. Such executive orders can be rescinded by a president’s successors. Obama, other top U.S. officials, many lawmakers and human rights groups have denounced waterboarding as torture. Some former Bush administration and CIA officials have defended waterboarding and other EITs, denying they are torture and saying they elicited valuable intelligence. Brennan told his confirmation hearing in 2013 he had not tried to stop harsh interrogation techniques such as waterboarding when he was at the spy agency earlier in his career, but had objected to them privately. A Senate Intelligence Committee study, issued in 2014, concluded that EITs failed to elicit any significant intelligence. Brennan said on Wednesday it was not possible to “establish cause and effect” between the use of EITs and the acquisition of reliable information. ",1
8771,Clinton says Trump is most divisive candidate 'in our lifetimes',"In a speech weighted with America’s complicated racial history, Democrat Hillary Clinton laced into Republican presidential rival Donald Trump on Wednesday, accusing him of fueling divisions among Americans over race and religion. “His campaign is as divisive as any we have seen in our lifetimes,” Clinton said at a campaign appearance at the Illinois state house in Springfield. “It is built on stoking mistrust and pitting American against American. It’s there in everything he says and everything he promises to do as president.” Clinton ticked off Trump’s proposals to ban Muslims from entering the country, create a database of Muslims already in the country and step up deportations by creating a special deportation force as policies intended to drive Americans apart. She lambasted Trump’s decision to re-tweet an image from a neo-Nazi and his statements about women. “We need a president who can help pull us together, not split us apart,” Clinton said. The two presumptive nominees are heading into July nominating conventions where they are to formally become the Democratic and Republican candidates who will square off in the Nov. 8 presidential election. Clinton’s speech comes a week after a sniper shot and killed five Dallas police officers during a protest of police killings of black men in Louisiana and Minnesota. She addressed these incidents and other race-related deaths in Springfield. Clinton’s speech on Wednesday carried the echo of history. The state house in the Illinois capital of Springfield was the site where President Abraham Lincoln delivered an anti-slavery speech during his campaign for the U.S. Senate in 1858, warning that “a house divided against itself cannot stand.” As the 16th president of the United States, he went on to guide the country through most of the Civil War. Clinton acknowledged that while “the challenges we face today do not approach those of Lincoln’s time,” the country’s “long struggle with race is far from finished.”  The Illinois state house is also where President Barack Obama, the first African-American to hold the highest office in America, launched his first campaign for president in 2007. Trump spent months “trying to discredit the citizenship and legitimacy of our first black president,” Clinton said.  Trump was loudly fixated on the issue of Obama’s birthplace during the 2012 presidential campaign and had also suggested that Obama was a Muslim, despite clear evidence that the president was born in Hawaii and is a Christian. Clinton acknowledged that she has made some missteps on race. She faced early criticism from the Black Lives Matter movement for past statements, such as one in the 1990s, when she was first lady, calling violent minority youth “super predators.” She told the Washington Post earlier this year that she “shouldn’t have used those words.” “As someone in the middle of a hotly fought political campaign I cannot stand here and claim that my words and actions haven’t sometimes fueled the partisanship that often stands in the way of progress, so I recognize I have to do better, too,” she added. ",1
8772,Trump to announce vice presidential pick Friday: tweet,WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump tweeted on Wednesday night that he would announce his vice presidential pick on Friday at 11 a.m. (1500 GMT) in Manhattan. ,1
8773,Obama to sign bill to battle heroin addiction,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama will sign legislation passed by Congress aimed at combating a nationwide epidemic of heroin and other opioid addictions, the White House said on Wednesday. After months of wrangling, the Senate voted overwhelmingly on Wednesday, 92-2, to pass the bill that has also been approved by the U.S. House of Representatives. The measure aims to help communities develop treatment and overdose programs at a time when fewer than half the estimated 2.2 million Americans who need help for opioid abuse are receiving it, according to the U.S. Centers for Human and Health Services. The White House said in a statement the bill “falls far short” of the necessary funding, but Obama would sign it “because some action is better than none.” Republican Senator Rob Portman of Ohio, a leading proponent of the legislation, said that it marked “the first time that we’ve treated addiction like the disease that it is, which will help put an end to the stigma that has surrounded addiction for too long.” While its passage marked a rare bipartisan effort in this election year, Democrats complained that it does not provide  enough resources to effectively address the drug problem. “This bill is like a Hollywood movie set - something that appears real on the surface but has no substance and no life behind its facade,” said Senator Charles Schumer of New York, the No. 3 Senate Democrat. U.S. deaths from drug overdoses hit a record high in 2014, propelled by abuse of prescription painkillers and heroin, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. According to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, 28,000 people died from opioid overdose in 2014. At least half, HHS said, of those deaths involved a prescription opioid. Among the common prescription drugs are oxycodone, hydrocodone, and fentanyl that are used for pain treatment. Heroin-related deaths have also increased sharply, more than tripling since 2010. In 2014, more than 10,500 people died from heroin, the agency said. The bill authorizes $181 million a year for new programs it creates. Democrats said that with disagreements in Congress over next year’s funding for HHS, it was uncertain whether the money contained in the bipartisan bill actually would be delivered.  They called on Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Republican, to back up this legislation with $600 million in immediate emergency funds. Obama has requested $920 million for opioid treatment programs over two years. The bill, if enacted into law, also would provide new training for emergency personnel in administering drugs to reverse opioid overdoses and help communities purchase those drugs. ",1
8774,House votes to bar heavy water purchases from Iran,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The House of Representatives passed legislation on Wednesday to block the purchase of “heavy water” from Iran, defying President Barack Obama’s veto threat a year after the announcement of the landmark Iran nuclear agreement. The House passed the “No 2H2O from Iran Act” by 249-176, with support coming almost exclusively from Republicans, who hold a majority of seats in the chamber. Every congressional Republican, and a few of Obama’s fellow Democrats, opposed the nuclear deal between Iran and the United States and other world powers announced last July 14 in which Tehran agreed to curtail its nuclear program in exchange for relief from crippling international sanctions. They argued that Obama was so eager to bolster his foreign policy legacy that he agreed to sanctions relief Iran did not deserve because it lied about its nuclear program, supported militant groups that attack U.S. allies and perpetrated human rights abuses. Deal opponents have repeatedly introduced legislation that the administration sees as efforts to undermine the international agreement. Deal supporters said the agreement was the best way to defuse a dispute over Iran’s nuclear program that threatened further Middle East destabilization. Heavy water is a non-radioactive byproduct from making nuclear weapons and nuclear energy. The Obama administration said in April the United States would buy $8.6 million worth of heavy water from Iran, angering Republicans who called it a subsidy of the country’s nuclear program. The White House issued a threat on Monday to veto the bill, and two others the House is due to consider later this week. Representative Ed Royce, chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, denied that the House measure would violate the landmark pact. He said it would deter Iran from producing heavy water by making its sale more difficult. Separately, two Senate Republicans and two Democrats said on Wednesday they would introduce their own Iran-related bill. The measure introduced by Republicans Bob Corker, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, and Marco Rubio and Democrats Robert Menendez and Joe Manchin would expand sanctions for Iran’s ballistic missile development, sanction transfers of conventional weapons to or from Iran and extend the Iran Sanctions Act. The Iran Sanctions Act, which imposed sanctions over Iran’s missile development and support for terrorism, expires at the end of 2016. Lawmakers have been in discussions for months over the best way to address its renewal. ",1
8775,U.S. judge to mull release of Trump video testimony,"SAN DIEGO (Reuters) - U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel said on Wednesday he would take more time to decide whether video excerpts of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump answering questions under oath about his Trump University seminars should be made public. Curiel is overseeing two class-action lawsuits in San Diego over the real estate seminar venture. A separate fraud case by New York state’s attorney general is pending. Trump has suggested Curiel is biased against him because of his campaign rhetoric about illegal immigration. Curiel was born in Indiana but is of Mexican descent.  On Wednesday, Trump’s lawyers fought release of the videos, arguing that they would be exploited during the presidential campaign. “There’s all kinds of potential for mischief,” Daniel Petrocelli, a lawyer for Trump, told Curiel.  Jason Forge, a lawyer for the students who claim they were misled and defrauded by Trump University, said Petrocelli could not point to any particular harm if the videos are released since transcripts are already public. The lawsuits accuse Trump of bilking students who paid as much as $35,000 each to learn his real estate investment strategies. The students claim they learned little. Trump has claimed a majority of students were satisfied with the seminars. ",1
8776,House Republican group moves to impeach IRS chief: Politico,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A group of conservative Republicans in the House of Representatives has filed a measure aimed at forcing a vote to impeach Internal Revenue Service Commissioner John Koskinen, a newspaper reported on Wednesday, citing sources familiar with the plans by the House Freedom Caucus. Members of the group had told House Speaker Paul Ryan they would file a privileged resolution, effectively sidestepping leaders in the Republican-dominated chamber, if he did not agree to start impeachment proceedings in the House Judiciary committee, Politico reported.  Ryan has declined to do so because of doubts the judiciary panel can make an impeachment case against Koskinen. Politico said Louisiana Representative John Fleming filed the motion. Koskinen faces allegations from the judiciary panel of ignoring congressional subpoenas and misleading lawmakers. The accusations stem from a 2013 case in which Republican lawmakers said the IRS scrutinized more conservative groups than liberal organizations in applications for tax-exempt status. (This version of the story corrects spelling of Representative Fleming’s surname, paragraph 4) ",1
8777,Obama plan to stop tax inversions stirs U.S. business concerns,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Obama administration’s plan to prevent American companies from shifting their headquarters overseas to avoid U.S. taxes is coming under fire from companies and banks that say it would be costly and cumbersome. At issue are proposed Treasury regulations to combat “earnings stripping,” a key goal for companies that carry out tax-avoiding mergers known as “inversions” to reincorporate abroad, if only on paper, to cut their taxes. The practice effectively shifts taxable earnings from U.S. operations to the redomiciled former American parent as debt interest payments that are tax deductible in the United States and subject to a lower income tax rate overseas.  The Treasury Department is scheduled to hold a public hearing on the proposed changes on Thursday. The administration’s proposals, which could be finalized within months, have already dampened interest in global mergers. The proposals are backed by Democrats in Congress and academics as a responsible step to prevent corporations from exiting the U.S. tax system. Republicans say the measures overstep administration authority and could discourage foreign investment in the United States.  Businesses and trade groups representing sectors ranging from bankers and retailers to manufacturers and oil producers said a Treasury proposal to end the deductions by reclassifying the debt as equity would disrupt operations and saddle businesses with new red tape. U.S. multinational Procter & Gamble Co warned Treasury the proposed rules would require countless changes throughout its corporate structure if myriad daily loans between affiliates were recharacterized as equity investments. “It will be extremely difficult, if not impossible, to monitor and administer,” P&G’s Chief Financial Officer Jon Moeller told the Internal Revenue Service in a letter before the regulatory comment period ended last week.  He warned that the company would face pre-tax costs of $220 million to $340 million a year as a result of adverse tax consequences and burdens. The regulations would also pose challenges for intercompany loans key to the financial services industry, according to Citicorp, JPMorgan Chase & Co and Bank of America Corp, which filed a joint comment with the Treasury.  “A financial services group would face the choice between, on the one hand, staggering administrative complexities and a tax burden disproportionate to its true economic profit, and on the other hand, the imposition of crippling constraints on its ordinary business activities,” said the banks, which seek an industry exemption. A Treasury spokeswoman said officials could respond to the feedback but added the department was moving “swiftly” to finalize regulations. ",1
8778,Trump seeks $10 million from former adviser in campaign legal dispute,"(Reuters) - Republican White House hopeful Donald Trump is seeking $10 million in damages from a fired former employee, shedding light on a campaign that has at times seen high-profile exits and internal fights spill over into public view. Trump in May started arbitration proceedings against Sam Nunberg, a former adviser who was fired in 2015, accusing him of violating a confidentiality agreement, according to a court filing obtained by Reuters.     “He has a confidentiality agreement which he has repeatedly breached, and we’ve taken action to enforce it,” said Alan Garten, general counsel with the Trump Organization who is representing the campaign in the arbitration.  Nunberg did not respond to a request for comment. The flare-up comes after a period in which campaign in-fighting led Trump to fire some top aides, including national political director Rick Wiley and campaign manager Corey Lewandowski. Other staffers have separately resigned from Trump’s campaign. Trump’s legal conflicts, which also include a lawsuit over his Trump University real-estate seminars, have at times distracted public attention from his campaign. Nunberg in court documents dated Tuesday accused Trump of starting arbitration proceedings to retaliate against him for switching his support to rival presidential hopeful Ted Cruz during the Republican primaries. Cruz dropped out of the race in early May. Garten said the suit was unrelated. Nunberg also said Trump tried to use the arbitration to “cover up media coverage of an apparent affair” between two members of his presidential campaign staff. “The Trump campaign is attempting to bring a frivolous and retaliatory arbitration proceeding against me essentially to punish me and shut me up,” Nunberg said in an affidavit accompanying his petition to halt the arbitration proceedings.  The petition was filed on Tuesday in New York state court in Manhattan. The Trump campaign fired Nunberg in August 2015 after the discovery of Facebook posts that critics deemed racist. Nunberg at the time denied he wrote the posts. He said in the court filings that Trump accused him of being the source for a New York Post story in May that recounted a public argument between Lewandowski, who was then with the campaign, and Hope Hicks, Trump’s spokeswoman. In the affidavit, Nunberg said the argument was part of an “sordid and apparently illicit affair” between the two. He denied being the source for the New York Post story, saying the argument occurred in public and others saw it. Garten called the allegation “categorically untrue” and said Nunberg had recently asked for his job back. “This is an individual who time and time again has demonstrated that he will say anything that is outrageous, regardless of whether it’s factually accurate, to get his name out there and create trouble,” Garten said. Hicks and Lewandowski did not respond to requests for comment. ",1
8779,U.S. Senate approves bill to upgrade airport security,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate on Wednesday approved a bill that would upgrade security at U.S. airports in the aftermath of the Brussels and Istanbul attacks while extending funds for the Federal Aviation Administration for another 14 months. In an 89-to-4 vote, the lawmakers sent the legislation on to the White House for President Barack Obama’s signature. The House of Representatives approved the same measure on Monday. It includes provisions that require tougher vetting of aviation workers with access to secure airport areas, expedited security checks to move passengers more quickly from airport areas that are not secured and a larger number of police dogs for security duty in the U.S. transportation system. It extends the current level of federal funding for FAA programs through September 2017. Congress has been struggling to find agreement on a more comprehensive package to reauthorize the U.S. aviation regulatory agency. A measure that would have provided FAA funding over six years stalled in the House earlier this year, amid disagreement over a proposal to privatize the U.S. air traffic control system. The House later failed to take up a Senate reauthorization bill but added security features from that measure into the legislation approved this week. House Republicans say they intend to use the time between now and September 2017 to find ways to move the privatization plan forward.  A Turkish court has jailed seven suspects pending trial on terrorism charges over last month’s triple suicide bombing at Istanbul’s main airport. The attack killed 45 people. Islamic State suicide bombers killed 16 people at Brussels airport - as well as 16 on a Brussels metro train - on March 22 this year. ",1
8780,"House panel subpoenas New York, Massachusetts attorneys general","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. House of Representatives panel on Wednesday issued subpoenas to the attorneys general of New York and Massachusetts to force them to submit information on their investigations into whether Exxon Mobil misled investors on climate change risks, accusing the attorneys general of having a political agenda.  The House Committee on Science, Space and Technology also subpoenaed eight environmental and legal groups. “The attorneys general have appointed themselves to decide what is valid and what is invalid regarding climate change,” committee Chair Lamar Smith, a Republican of Texas, said. He said the attorneys general are pursuing a political agenda at the expense of scientists’ right to free speech. The panel has demanded that state attorneys general hand over any records of consultations the prosecutors had with outside environmental groups before their probes were opened. New York and Massachusetts’ top lawyers lead a coalition of 17 state attorneys general who have said they would investigate Exxon and whether its executives misled the public by contradicting research from company scientists that spelled out the threats of global warming.    Smith and Republican members of the House panel have accused the coalition’s members of stifling free speech and scientific inquiry by those who do not believe in manmade climate change. “I don’t know what we will find,” Smith told reporters. “We might find an intent to intimidate.”  So far, New York and Massachusetts have issued subpoenas against Exxon Mobil, one of the world’s largest publicly traded companies.  The House committee twice demanded that the state attorneys general hand over all records of communications between their offices and outside groups about Exxon inquiries. Darin LaHood, a Republican of Illinois on the panel, said on Wednesday that the probe by the attorneys general prohibits free speech in a way “you would see in a third world country.” Cyndi Roy Gonzalez, the spokeswoman for the Massachusetts attorney general’s office, said in a statement that Smith’s committee has no right to interfere with “... a state inquiry into whether a private company violated state laws, and we will continue to fight any and all efforts to stop our investigation.” Green groups Greenpeace and 350.org made similar criticisms in a letter to Smith. Exxon, which has said that it has acknowledged the reality of climate change for years, called the subpoena unreasonably burdensome and intrusive. It also raised questioned about jurisdiction.  The attorneys general and the groups have two weeks to respond. ",1
8781,Trump pulls just ahead in two key U.S. states: poll,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Donald Trump pulled ahead of Democratic presidential rival Hillary Clinton in Florida and Pennsylvania in a Quinnipiac Poll released on Wednesday that included responses after the FBI released its findings on Clinton’s email use. Clinton lost ground on honesty and moral standards in the poll that showed tight races in Florida, Pennsylvania and Ohio, all swing states that could go to either party in November’s presidential election. The Quinnipiac Poll, taken from June 30 to July 11, showed Trump competitive in the three states a week before the start of the Republican National Convention in Cleveland that will formally nominate him as the party’s presidential candidate for the Nov. 8 election. Peter A. Brown, assistant director of the poll, said there was no definite link between Clinton’s drop in Florida from Quinnipiac’s June 21 survey and the FBI’s findings that she was careless in her handling of government emails while U.S. secretary of state. But he said Clinton lost ground to Trump on questions that measure moral standards and honesty. Clinton lost an 8-point lead in Florida, where Trump won 42 percent to Clinton’s 39 percent, according to the Quinnipiac Poll. In Ohio, the poll showed the candidates tied at 41 percent.  In Pennsylvania, the Quinnipiac poll showed Trump with 43 percent to Clinton’s 41 percent. A NBC News/Wall Street Journal/Marist poll released this week showed a very different result in Pennsylvania, with Clinton leading Trump 45 to 36 percent. The July 5-10 poll included 829 registered voters and has a margin of error of 3 percentage points. Nationally, Clinton leads Trump by 13 percentage points, according to a Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll released on Tuesday. The online poll showed that 46 percent of likely voters support Clinton while 33 percent support Trump. The July 8-12 included 1,146 likely voters and has a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of 3 percentage points. FBI Director James Comey said last week Clinton was “extremely careless” in the handling of classified information but the investigation found no evidence she or her colleagues intended to violate laws. Clinton, a former U.S. senator and first lady, has faced heavy criticism from Republicans for her use of private email servers for government business while she led the State Department from 2009 to 2013. The Quinnipiac poll was conducted by telephone with people who identified as registered voters. It included 1,015 people in Florida, 955 people in Ohio and 982 people in Pennsylvania. The margin of error was around three percentage points in all three states. ",1
8782,Former Senator Evan Bayh announces run for Senate,"(Reuters) - Former Democratic Senator and Indiana Governor Evan Bayh announced on Wednesday that he will come out of retirement to run for the U.S. Senate, a move that could determine whether Democrats can take control of the upper chamber in November.  “With the challenges facing Indiana and our country, I can no longer sit on the sidelines and watch as partisan bickering grinds Washington to a halt,” Bayh said in a statement announcing his candidacy.  Bayh served two terms in the Senate before announcing his retirement in 2010. He has maintained a campaign account with more than $9.2 million cash on hand. The Republican candidate, Todd Young, has a campaign account with more than $1 million. Fellow Democrat Baron Hill cleared the way for Bayh to run on Monday when he announced that he was leaving the Senate race. The Democratic Party needs a net gain of four Senate seats to take control of the 100-member chamber in the Nov. 8 election. ",1
8783,"Responding to criticism, Trump calls on Justice Ginsburg to resign","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential contender Donald Trump called on Wednesday for the resignation of Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, describing her as mentally unfit after she lambasted him in a series of media interviews. “Justice Ginsburg of the U.S. Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me,” Trump said in a Twitter post. “Her mind is shot - resign!”  The New York billionaire chided Ginsburg, 83, for criticizing him this week and expressing concern for the country’s future if he is elected in November. Trump said it was inappropriate for Supreme Court justices to weigh in on political campaigns. He told the New York Times on Tuesday that he thought it was a disgrace to the court and that Ginsburg should apologize to her colleagues on the bench.  Trump was not alone in the rebuke. In an editorial on Wednesday, the New York Times urged Ginsburg to uphold the court’s tradition of silence in political campaigns. “Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg needs to drop the political punditry and the name-calling,” the editorial said.  The Times said there was no legal requirement that Supreme Court justices keep silent on political campaigns, but it expressed concern that Ginsburg would jeopardize her own commitment to impartiality. Ginsburg was not immediately available for comment on Trump’s remarks and the editorial. In a CNN interview posted on Tuesday, Ginsburg called Trump “a faker.” “He has no consistency about him,” she said. “He says whatever comes into his head at the moment. He really has an ego.  “How has he gotten away with not turning over his tax returns? The press seems to be very gentle with him on that.” Earlier, Ginsburg joked about moving to New Zealand if Trump wins the White House. “I can’t imagine what this place would be - I can’t imagine what the country would be — with Donald Trump as our president,” she said in a New York Times interview published on Sunday. Trump adviser Sam Clovis told CNN on Wednesday that Ginsburg’s comments were out of character for Supreme Court justices but should not have been surprising. “She has always been a firebrand,” he said. (This story has been refiled to correct spelling of Ginsburg in penultimate paragraph) ",1
8784,New Black Panther Party says to carry arms in Cleveland if legal,"(Reuters) - The New Black Panther Party, a “black power” movement, will carry firearms for self-defense during rallies in Cleveland ahead of next week’s Republican convention, if allowed under Ohio law, the group’s chairman said.  The plan by the group this weekend comes as police in Cleveland brace for an influx of groups that plan demonstrations before and during the presidential nominating convention.  During the attack last week in Dallas that killed five police officers, law enforcement officials said demonstrators carrying rifles led them to initially believe they were under attack by multiple shooters. Several other groups, including some supporters of presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, have said they will carry weapons in Cleveland. “If it is an open state to carry, we will exercise our second amendment rights because there are other groups threatening to be there that are threatening to do harm to us,” Hashim Nzinga, chairman of the New Black Panther Party, told Reuters in a telephone interview.   “If that state allows us to bear arms, the Panthers and the others who can legally bear arms will bear arms.” Nzinga said he condemned the Dallas shootings. Officials in Ohio have said it will be legal for protesters to carry weapons at demonstrations outside the convention under that state’s “open carry” law, which allows civilians to carry guns in public.  “Black power” groups promote defense against racial oppression, with some advocating for the establishment of armed self-defense groups, black social institutions and a self-sufficient economy. The New Black Panther Party has long called for a separate black nation. But Nzinga said the movement was now focused on protecting black Americans’ rights. Academics say the New Black Panther Party remains marginal and largely representative of an older generation, in their 30s and 40s, rather than younger activists drawn to groups such as the anti-racism Black Lives Matter movement. The New Black Panther Party was founded in 1989 and adopted a more radical approach than the 1960s Black Panther Party. Members of the original group have denounced the New Black Panther Party as racist, but Nzinga says his movement includes original Black Panthers. The Southern Poverty Law Center, a hate group watchdog, describes the New Black Panther Party as “a virulently racist and anti-Semitic organization whose leaders have encouraged violence against whites, Jews and law enforcement officers.” The center tracks years of public statements by the New Black Panther Party and other groups. Nzinga denied the group was racist but said it was a fact that Jews control Hollywood and the U.S. media. The center said the group is not known to have carried out any violent attacks. The black shooter in the Dallas killings “liked” the New Black Panthers and other black nationalist groups on Facebook but was not a member.   Nzinga said he expected “a couple hundred” members of the New Black Panther Party to participate in and protect a black unity rally — the “National Convention of the Oppressed” — that is scheduled to begin in Cleveland on Thursday evening and end on Monday morning. Nzinga said he and the Panthers plan to leave Cleveland on Sunday, the day before the convention officially opens.  “We are there to protect ... We are not trying to do anything else,” he said. “We are going to carry out some of these great legal rights we have — to assemble, to protest and (to exercise) freedom of speech.” Nzinga says his group has grown amid racial tensions in the wake of a series of high-profile police killings of black men in the past two years. The Southern Poverty Law Center says the number of black militant chapters around the country grew from 113 in 2014 to 180 in 2015.  The center says there are 892 hate groups total nationwide. It says white hate groups, such as the Aryan Brotherhood, have a much longer track record of carrying out violent attacks than black nationalist groups. Nzinga said his group has 36 chapters nationwide but declined to reveal membership numbers. “I have people literally calling me saying this is the first time in my life I protested and I loved it.” Nzinga told Reuters. “They want to be a part of something. They tried to be a part of the system and the system let them down so they want to be part of a rebellion.” ",1
8785,Clinton extends lead over Trump to 13 points: Reuters/Ipsos,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Democratic presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton extended her lead over Republican rival Donald Trump to 13 percentage points in a Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll released on Tuesday, up from 10 points at the end of last week. The July 8-12 poll showed 46 percent of likely voters supported Clinton, the former secretary of state, while 33 percent supported Trump, a celebrity real estate developer. Another 21 percent did not support either candidate. That compared with 45 percent who supported Clinton and 35 percent who supported Trump in the five days to July 8.  Clinton, the presumptive Democratic nominee, has mostly led in the national online poll this year. The last time Trump came close to Clinton’s popularity was in early May, when his last two rivals for the Republican nomination dropped out of the race and party leaders started to line up behind his campaign. Trump, who is expected to become the official Republican nominee at the party’s convention next week, has since lost ground in the poll as he struggled to refocus his campaign from the Republican nominating contests to the Nov. 8 general election.  Over the past several weeks, Trump has faced criticism for his past business dealings and has quarreled with Republican leaders over his rejection of international trade agreements and his promises to crack down on immigration. Clinton, meanwhile, has been dogged by criticisms of how she handled classified information as secretary of state.  James Comey, director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, said last week that Clinton and her staff were “extremely careless” with sensitive information but recommended that the government not seek criminal charges against her.  Still, Americans have become increasingly positive about Clinton this month, with half of likely voters now saying they have a favorable view of her, according to the poll, up from 46 percent on July 1. Some 60 percent of likely voters have an unfavorable view of Trump, compared with 58 percent on July 1. The Reuters/Ipsos poll surveyed 1,146 likely voters across the continental United States, Alaska and Hawaii. It has a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of 3 percentage points. ",1
8786,Trump expected to make VP announcement on Friday: sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is expected to announce his choice for running mate at a campaign event on Friday, campaign sources said on Tuesday. Among the possible picks are former U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Newt Gingrich, Indiana Governor Mike Pence, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie and retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, according to media reports and Republican sources. “I have it down to five people,” Trump told Fox News on Tuesday. Pence introduced Trump at a campaign rally in Westfield, Indiana, on Tuesday evening. “I don’t know if he’s going to be your governor or your vice president. Who the hell knows,” Trump told the rally. Gingrich and Christie have also campaigned with Trump in recent weeks. The Republican National Convention, where Trump is set to be formally nominated as the party’s candidate for the Nov. 8 election, begins on Monday in Cleveland. ",1
8787,Clinton vetting retired U.S. Navy Admiral Stavridis for VP: source,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic U.S. presidential candidate Hillary Clinton’s campaign is vetting retired Navy Admiral James Stavridis as a potential vice presidential running mate, a source with knowledge of the process told Reuters on Tuesday. Stavridis is dean of the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University near Boston and a former supreme allied commander of NATO.  “Admiral Stavridis is one of the finest military officers of his generation,” Michele Flournoy, a former under secretary at the U.S. Department of Defense, told Reuters in a statement. “He is a person of great ability and integrity, and an exceptional leader. He has the talents, experience, judgment and temperament to serve the American people at the highest levels of our government.” The Clinton campaign declined to comment on the vetting of Stavridis. Stavridis likewise declined to comment on the process. Flournoy, who formed a think tank after leaving the Defense Department and is advising the Clinton campaign on foreign policy, also did not comment on the vetting process. Flournoy is thought to be a probable Clinton pick for defense secretary if the presumptive Democratic nominee wins the White House on Nov. 8. Stavridis and Clinton worked closely together when he was at NATO and she led the U.S. State Department during Democratic President Barack Obama’s first term. Introducing Clinton at a 2013 awards dinner, Stavridis said, “She does the work of two, of 20, of 200 with her energy, with her enthusiasm and with her boundless determination to improve our world,” and praised her use of “smart power.” In a 2012 TED talk on global security, Stavridis began by saying: “My thesis for us today is, instead of building walls to create security, we need to build bridges.” Clinton has used similar rhetoric about the role of international diplomacy on the campaign trail. Stravidis was senior military assistant to former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld in the George W. Bush administration during the early years of the U.S. occupation of Iraq. That could provide presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump with a line of political attack.  Trump has throughout the campaign criticized Clinton for, as a U.S. senator, voting in favor of the 2003 U.S.-led invasion of Iraq. Trump expressed early concerns about the operation’s cost. Another political millstone could be a 2012 Defense Department inspector general’s report that said Stavridis had failed to obtain prior authorization to use a government aircraft during an unofficial trip and submitted improper travel expenses. Stavridis was cleared of misconduct. Stavridis would bring military heft to Clinton’s presidential ticket. Trump is considering Michael Flynn, a retired U.S. Army lieutenant general and former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, for the No. 2 spot. Flynn, a Democrat who is nonetheless fiercely critical of Obama’s foreign policy, would be an unconventional choice for Trump. The wealthy New York businessman is formally vetting former U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Newt Gingrich, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie and Indiana Governor Mike Pence.  Other potential vice presidential picks said to be on Clinton’s short list are U.S. Senators Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and Tim Kaine of Virginia, according to news reports. Clinton campaigned alongside Warren in Ohio last month and is set to campaign with Kaine in his home state on Thursday. Her campaign has not confirmed that either is being formally vetted. ",1
8788,Puerto Rico's fiscal challenges not over: governor,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Puerto Rico, the U.S. commonwealth that recently declared a historic default, could be shut out of debt markets for two more years as it battles with fiscal challenges, the island’s governor said on Tuesday. Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla said emergency fiscal measures in response to a $70 billion debt were not sustainable and that “Puerto Rico will not endure any more austerity.”   He said a new law enacted by Washington allowing the federal government to appoint a control board would undercut self-government, but added it would help the island confront its fiscal problems. “Our challenges are not over and prosperity will not return overnight,” the governor said during a discussion at the Brookings Institution, a think tank in Washington. “It will take maybe two years until the market opens back to Puerto Rico if we do the right thing,” Garcia Padilla said, adding the government had been producing fiscally sound budgets that would help win back creditors. The island has been shut out of debt markets for about a year. Citing falling debt levels, he said it was a “moment of opportunity” in Puerto Rico, which has struggled with high debt loads and a weak economy for years.  Puerto Rico defaulted on $779 million of constitutionally backed debt on July 1, among its most senior bonds, opting to pay for essential services for its citizens over obligations to creditors.  Garcia Padilla said the Puerto Rican government would take steps on its own to get its fiscal affairs in order, therefore minimizing meddling by the oversight board. For example, he said that if the island’s government passed responsible budgets on its own, the control board would not need to impose its own fiscal plans. Garcia Padilla said, however, that while the government must become more efficient to improve its fiscal situation, that should be done through attrition rather than laying off workers. Asked by a reporter about steps that could be taken to shore up the Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority, or PREPA, and the Puerto Rico Aqueduct and Sewer Authority, or PRASA, Garcia Padilla said: “PREPA is pretty advanced. We’ll be able to reduce a lot the debt related to PREPA. We want to do the same with PRASA. I think we’ll be able to do it.” ",1
8789,U.S. Senate votes to hammer out deal with House on energy measure,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate on Tuesday voted to work on a compromise with the House of Representatives on what could become the broad energy legislation passed by Congress in nearly a decade.  The Senate voted 84 to 3 to go to formal conference with the House on legislation to take modest steps on modernizing the power grid, speeding the permitting of exports of liquefied natural gas, and increasing research and funding for energy efficiency and batteries.  Congress is slated to begin summer recess on Friday and the conference is expected to work on the compromise energy legislation after returning in September. Senators who will work with House lawmakers on a deal in conference include Democratic presidential candidate Senator Bernie Sanders and Senator John Cornyn, the second-ranking Republican in the chamber.   The Senate energy bill passed in April, while the House energy bill passed last year.  Lawmakers in the House have removed items such as limits on energy efficiency that the White House has said Obama would veto. Among items to be worked out between the two chambers will be the speed of LNG export permitting process. The Senate version of the bill limits federal reviews to 45 days while the House version limits them to 30 days.  “My objective here is to deliver a law,” Senator Lisa Murkowski, the chairman of the Senate energy committee, said about the conference process, shortly before the measure passed. Before becoming a law, an agreement worked out in conference would have to be passed by both chambers and signed by Obama.  Industry group the American Petroleum Institute praised the step, saying the bill would boost U.S. energy infrastructure and ensure “that American natural gas has a dominant place on the world market.” Environmental group the League of Conservation Voters welcomed progress on the debate on energy efficiency but warned that some of the potential measures to be discussed in conference “will not amount to the true overhaul our energy sector needs.” Meanwhile, the House of Representatives debated a bill to fund the Interior Department and Environmental Protection Agency. The White House on Monday said Obama would veto that measure if it passes because it “underfunds” key Department of Interior programs and slashes the EPA’s operating budget.  ",1
8790,Clinton gets Sanders endorsement in show of party unity,"PORTSMOUTH, N.H. (Reuters) - Democrat Bernie Sanders endorsed former rival Hillary Clinton for president in a display of party unity on Tuesday, describing her as the best candidate to fix the United States’ problems and beat Republican Donald Trump in the Nov. 8 election. With Clinton nodding in agreement beside him, Sanders put aside their bitter campaign for the Democratic nomination and said she would take up the fight to ease economic inequality, make college more affordable and expand healthcare coverage for all Americans. “This campaign is about the needs of the American people and addressing the very serious crises that we face, and there is no doubt in my mind that, as we head into November, Hillary Clinton is far and away the best candidate to do that,” he told a raucous crowd in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, that included plenty of vocal Sanders supporters. “I intend to do everything I can to make certain she will be the next president of the United States,” the U.S. senator from Vermont said. His endorsement, five weeks after Clinton became the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee, brought the most prominent holdout in the party’s liberal wing into her camp. Sanders threw Clinton his support less than two weeks before the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia, where she is to be formally nominated. “I can’t help but reflect on how much more enjoyable this election will be now that we are on the same side,” Clinton said of Sanders. “Thank you, Bernie, for your endorsement, but more than that, thank you for your lifetime of fighting injustice.” Trump ridiculed the move in a series of Twitter posts, saying Sanders had abandoned the supporters who flocked to his insurgent campaign to rein in Wall Street and get big money out of politics. “Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs,” Trump said on Twitter.  In a statement, the Trump campaign said Sanders was now officially part of the rigged system the senator had criticized during his long primary battle with Clinton. “Bernie’s endorsement becomes Exhibit A in our rigged system - the Democrat Party is disenfranchising its voters to benefit the select and privileged few,” said Stephen Miller, a senior policy adviser to Trump. In a Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll released on Tuesday, Clinton extended her lead over Trump to 13 percentage points, up from 10 points at the end of last week. The former U.S. secretary of state hopes the Portsmouth appearance with Sanders will help her win over his supporters, some of whom held Sanders signs at the rally and chanted his name. In recent Reuters/Ipsos polling, only about 40 percent of Sanders backers said they would back Clinton, and the crowd at Tuesday’s rally made it clear she still had work to do. “I am absolutely certain I will not vote for Hillary Clinton,” said Gale Bailey, a Sanders supporter and an unemployed graphic designer from Rochester, New Hampshire, who attended the rally in a Sanders T-shirt. “She’s a crook, and I’m not going to vote for a crook,” Bailey said, adding that she would write in Sanders’ name on the November ballot. The joint appearance concluded weeks of negotiations between the two camps as Sanders pressed for concessions from Clinton on his liberal policy agenda. It came after Clinton last week adopted elements of Sanders’ plans for free in-state college tuition and expanded affordable healthcare coverage. Sanders also successfully pushed to include an array of liberal policy positions in the Democratic platform, which a committee approved on Saturday. Sanders did not win all of his policy fights, most notably failing to win support for blocking a congressional vote on the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal. But he told the Portsmouth rally that “our job now is to see that platform implemented by a Democratically controlled Senate, a Democratically controlled House and a Hillary Clinton presidency – and I am going to do everything I can to make that happen.” In an email to supporters after the rally, Sanders said he would still push for changes to the party’s nominating process to make it more inclusive. In the months ahead, he will campaign around the country for progressive congressional candidates, he said. Also on Tuesday, a source with knowledge of the process said the Clinton campaign is vetting James Stavridis, a retired four-star Navy admiral, as a potential vice presidential running mate. Stavridis, who served as supreme allied commander at NATO, is currently dean of the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University.  Top Democrats, including President Barack Obama and Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, a favorite of the party’s liberal wing, have already announced their support for Clinton, leaving Sanders at risk of being left behind in the Democratic battle against Trump. “I think all signs point to the fact that we’re going to have a very united party going into Philadelphia,” Clinton campaign spokesman Brian Fallon said on CNN earlier on Tuesday, “and when you compare it to the Republicans, we’re going to be miles ahead of them.”  Trump has struggled to unify the Republican Party after alienating many establishment figures with his stances on immigration, Muslims and women. A number of prominent Republicans are skipping the party’s convention in Cleveland next week. ",1
8791,"U.S. Congress shrugs off guns, Zika as summer break nears","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Congress is headed for a seven-week recess without addressing gun violence, the Zika virus outbreak and other pressing issues, amid persistent election-year bickering. Despite recent gun violence, the House of Representatives will not vote this week on a proposal to keep firearms out of the hands of people on terrorism watch lists, that chamber’s Republican leader Kevin McCarthy told reporters on Tuesday. Similarly, President Barack Obama’s request for $1.9 billion in funds to combat the Zika virus and the birth defects it can cause has been stalled in Congress since February. Republicans and Democrats were also at odds over spending bills to keep the government functioning beyond Sept. 30, when current fiscal year funding expires. When Republicans took control of Congress, they vowed to get things done but have had difficulty doing so during this election year, failing to pass a budget or even consider Obama’s nomination of Merrick Garland to fill a Supreme Court vacancy. Congress did, however, approve bipartisan legislation helping Puerto Rico out of a crippling debt crisis and is trying to make progress on legislation to improve police relations with local communities in the aftermath of gun violence. With barely four days left before the start of an unusually long recess, a failure to vote on guns would postpone any possible action by the House until at least Sept. 6, when lawmakers return. After that, they will work only for short stints ahead of the Nov. 8 presidential and congressional elections. Mass shootings in Orlando and Dallas, and gun violence in other cities, has again propelled gun control to prominence. But the National Rifle Association and its allies in Congress so far have staved off legislation. Gun control is generally opposed by Republicans and supported by Democrats. Some Republicans have talked about a gun bill possibly moving through Congress in the fall, in the midst of the campaign season, but Democrats were skeptical. “This Congress will do nothing on curbing gun violence,” Representative Xavier Becerra of California, a member of the House Democratic leadership, told reporters. The two sides even disagree on whether House Speaker Paul Ryan and House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi talked about a proposal to establish a special committee to study gun violence. Democrats say Pelosi raised the issue with Ryan last week. Ryan’s office says he has never discussed the topic with anyone. Republicans in the House and Senate have signed onto a $1.1 billion Zika funding bill. But Democrats are balking over what they see as “poison pills” attached to the money that would deny funds to women’s healthcare provider Planned Parenthood and ease some environmental provisions. Democrats, who warn the current legislation will not pass the Senate, said on Tuesday that they offered to accept some Republican provisions. But Senate Republicans insist the bill cannot be altered.  Ryan meanwhile showcased his “A Better Way” agenda, flashing a glossy pamphlet at a press conference listing proposals designed to lure votes in November but do nothing this year legislatively. Republicans have also pushed for new federal probes of Hillary Clinton, the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee, on her use of private emails while secretary of state. ",1
8792,U.S. attorney general deflects lawmakers' questions on Clinton emails,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top U.S. law enforcement official, under questioning from Republicans at a congressional hearing on Tuesday, shed no new light on the Justice Department’s decision not to prosecute Hillary Clinton over her handling of sensitive emails. Attorney General Loretta Lynch deflected questions about the department’s inquiry into Clinton’s use of a private email system while she was secretary of state, an issue that has hounded her campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination. Republicans grilled Lynch at the House of Representatives committee hearing over Justice’s decision not to charge Clinton, the presumptive Democratic nominee for the Nov. 8 election. “Lynch has no intention of answering ... even the most basic questions about the legal elements the government is obligated to prove in a criminal prosecution,” said House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte, a Republican. Democratic lawmakers at the hearing largely avoided the subject, asking Lynch about gun control and policing reforms.  Lynch referred questions about the department’s decision to an FBI-led investigative team that recommended not bringing charges. She said she was “extremely proud” of the team’s work, testifying one week after the FBI closed its year-long probe. The emails case is a favorite target for presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, as well as other Republican politicians. Goodlatte and Republican Representative Jason Chaffetz asked the Justice Department on Monday to investigate whether Clinton committed perjury in testimony to Congress about the emails. Other investigations continue. At least one federal judge is seeking to establish whether Clinton set up the email system to thwart laws governing the public’s access to official records. Judge Emmet Sullivan of the district court in Washington, who is overseeing a lawsuit accusing the State Department of not complying with records requests by the conservative watchdog group Judicial Watch, is considering whether to order that Clinton give testimony about the system under oath.  Clinton’s lawyers argued against her having to testify in court papers filed on Tuesday, saying she had no more information to provide that was not already in the public record and that the Justice Department still had her emails and computer equipment. Judge Sullivan is due to rule on whether to order the deposition after a hearing next Monday. FBI Director James Comey told a congressional hearing last week he recommended against charging Clinton because there was insufficient evidence that she acted with bad intent. He added that any of his employees who handled emails the way Clinton did could be subject to dismissal or loss of security clearance. ",1
8793,Former Illinois Governor Blagojevich seeks reduced prison sentence,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Former two-term Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich is seeking a drastically reduced sentence that would see him released from federal prison within a year after convictions in 2011 for corruption charges including extortion and wire fraud, according to U.S. court documents. Federal prosecutors countered, recommending in documents filed just before a midnight Tuesday deadline that Blagojevich serve out his original 14-year sentence, of which he has served more than four years. The motions come ahead of a scheduled resentencing on Aug. 9 before U.S. District Judge James Zagel after an appellate court last year vacated five of Blagojevich’s 18 criminal convictions. Prosecutors declined to retry the ex-governor on the vacated convictions. Blagojevich, a Democrat, was the first Illinois governor to be removed from office and has been in federal prison in Colorado since 2012. The former governor was convicted on charges including seeking money in exchange for an appointment to the senate seat formerly held by President Barack Obama. His attorneys argued in U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois that the flamboyant former U.S. House Representative has made efforts toward restitution, tutoring fellow prison inmates and playing in a band with a since-released inmate called the Jailhouse Rockers. They said that Blagojevich’s release from prison early would allow him to repair his relationship with his wife and two daughters. “A sentence in the neighborhood of five years incarceration accompanied by a period of supervised release would be sufficient,” Blagojevich attorney Leonard Goodman said in a filing. U.S. prosecutors argued that Blagojevich should serve out the entire sentence as he still does not take responsibility for his illegal actions. “(Blagojevich’s) continued insistence that he lacked intent to commit the crimes of which he was convicted further demonstrates a complete lack of acceptance,” they said. ",1
8794,"For Chinese officials, Trump perhaps better the devil they don't know","BEIJING (Reuters) - In 2010, then Secretary of State Hillary Clinton provoked outrage in Beijing when she pushed the South China Sea to the top of the regional and U.S. security agendas. Now as an international court prepares to hand down a ruling that threatens China’s sweeping claims in the vital waterway, Beijing is watching Clinton’s presidential run with trepidation.  Combined with her tough line on human rights and role in leading President Barack Obama’s Asia “rebalancing”, Clinton is well-known in China - but not well liked.  While presidential rival Donald Trump has irritated Beijing with comments such as comparing the U.S. trade deficit with China to rape, he is largely an unknown quantity, a person who even privately officials shrug their shoulders over. “Clinton will be a difficult partner,” one senior Chinese diplomatic source told Reuters, having just admitted to not knowing much about Trump or what he stands for.   Chinese diplomats take some comfort that Clinton’s views are known to them from years of high-level contacts, from her days as first lady to her Senate tenure to her time as secretary of state. But they are also mindful that even while seeking diplomatic accommodations, she has been a staunch critic of Beijing on a range of issues, including the South China Sea, trade and human rights. China remembers clearly a 2010 Southeast Asian security summit in Hanoi, when Clinton waded into the South China Sea dispute, saying open access and legal solutions were a U.S. “national interest” and “pivotal to regional security”. In a strongly worded response, China stressed the South China Sea as one of its “core interests”, putting the issue up there with Taiwan, Tibet and Xinjiang in terms of its importance to Beijing. China warned its rival claimants and neighbors not to be emboldened by U.S. support - a line it has repeated ever since. An arbitration court hearing the dispute between China and the Philippines over the South China Sea is set to hand down its ruling on in the Dutch city of The Hague on Tuesday. Legal experts expect at least some substantive findings to go against China, which has vowed to ignore the ruling. China’s military, which is ramping up its presence in the South China Sea as part of a major modernization program, is also watching the election closely.          “Hillary is very fierce when it comes to China,” a Chinese official close to the military establishment told Reuters. While the Chinese government has been largely quiet about the U.S. election, state media has not been so restrained, with one paper even equating Trump to Hitler.  In May, China’s official Xinhua news agency noted Trump’s more isolationist campaign compared to Clinton’s, who it described as an “old foreign policy hand” and important backer of the Asia-Pacific “pivot” that China considers a threat. “As far as she’s concerned, being tough on foreign policy is perhaps the best way to show America’s so called ‘leadership’,” it said in a commentary. Laura Rosenberger, a Clinton campaign foreign policy adviser who worked with her in the State Department, told Reuters Clinton would remain tough on the South China Sea issue. “She believes that we need to be very strong in terms of standing up to many of the actions the Chinese have taken,” Rosenberger said. “She believes in the principles of freedom of navigation in international waters, that commerce on the high seas in incredibly important to the United States, and that these are really very direct interests that we need to continue to stand up for.” Trump adviser Peter Navarro, an economist at University of California Irvine and the author of the book, “Crouching Tiger: What China’s Militarism Means for the World,” said a Trump presidency would lead to respect. “The central difference between a Trump administration and the current administration or a Clinton administration is respect. The leaders of Russia, the leaders of China will respect Mr. Trump, will respect America because we will be strong economically, militarily and politically.” Trump may actually find some sympathy in China, even if he is seen as an unknown quantity.  “Who is Trump? We don’t really know. We do know he hates Muslims though - and that will be well received in some circles here,” said the Chinese official with ties to the military, pointing to what China views as its war on terror in its Muslim-populated far western region of Xinjiang. China also views Trump as a businessmen with whom they can probably negotiate. “It would be very transactional for the Chinese,” said a senior Western diplomat in Beijing. “He’s a businessman they think they’ll be able to strike a deal with.” Trump may also be less tough on China over human rights than Clinton, who has frequently clashed with Beijing on the issue.  In 2011, Clinton said China was on a “fool’s errand” to try to halt the march of freedom, while in 2012 she was deeply involved in efforts to get blind dissident Chen Guangcheng out of China after he fled to the U.S. embassy in Beijing.  Trump advisor Navarro said Clinton’s record on human rights abuse was “sketchy at best and abysmal at worst”, highlighting her first trip to Asia as Secretary of State in 2009, where other issues were given priority. “So it’s difficult to see how she would have someone would view her as credible on that issue.”  Rosenberger, the Clinton adviser, rejected that view, highlighting comments from Trump in a 1990 interview referring to the “strength” of the Chinese government in its bloody crackdown of student-led protests in Tiananmen Square a year earlier. “It’s ironic for Trump’s adviser to criticize Hillary’s statement there when Trump himself has actually praised the Chinese for the Tiananmen massacre,” Rosenberger said.  Still, China is hoping that whoever wins they will understand that both countries need each other and will have to work closely, a source with ties to the Chinese leadership told Reuters, requesting anonymity. “It is the most important bilateral relationship in the world. China needs the United States and vice versa,” the source said. “We don’t know who will be the lesser of two evils.” ",1
8795,House chairmen seek new federal probe of Clinton testimony,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Republican chairmen of two U.S. House of Representatives committees asked the Justice Department on Monday to launch an investigation into whether Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton committed perjury during testimony to Congress about her use of a private email server. “The evidence collected by the FBI during its investigation of Secretary Clinton’s use of a personal email system appears to directly contradict several aspects of her sworn testimony” to Congress, House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz and House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte said in a letter to U.S. Attorney Channing Phillips requesting the probe. After a year-long investigation of Clinton’s emails, the FBI recommended that no criminal charges be brought against the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee for the Nov. 8 election. That recommendation was accepted by Attorney General Loretta Lynch. The FBI found, however, that she was “extremely careless” while secretary of state in her handling of email documents that contained classified information. Representative Elijah Cummings, the senior Democrat on the House Oversight and Government Reform panel, accused Republicans of a political vendetta following years of Republican-led investigations of Clinton in the House. “Republicans are now squandering even more taxpayer dollars in a desperate attempt to keep this issue alive and bring down Secretary Clinton’s poll numbers ahead of the election,” Cummings said. Clinton has said that she did not believe she was handling classified information on the private email system. Chaffetz has also asked the Federal Bureau of Investigation  to give him access to its investigative files on Clinton. ",1
8796,Prospects for House vote on gun control measure dims,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Prospects dimmed on Monday for the U.S. House of Representatives to vote this week on Republican legislation to restrict gun sales to suspected extremists before Congress goes on a seven-week summer break.  Republicans including House Speaker Paul Ryan have been under pressure to act on gun legislation since the June 12 mass shootings at a gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida. Congress begins a summer recess on Friday. But with the House floor schedule filling with other bills, Republicans said gun legislation was unlikely to come up before September, when prospects for serious action could be overshadowed by the fall presidential election campaign.   Representative Jim Jordan of Ohio, who heads the conservative House Freedom Caucus, said, “I do not anticipate that bill.” The measure, backed by the National Rifle Association, would give government authorities three days to convince a judge to block the sale of weapons to someone suspected of involvement in violent extremism. But Ryan has been unable to win support from conservative Republicans who say the measure poses potential constitutional problems and should be subjected to regular legislative channels including formal hearings. Republican lawmakers say discussions aimed at finding compromise are continuing. But the measure did not come up at a Monday meeting with Republican leaders to discuss the week’s agenda, said another lawmaker who predicted it would not see a vote this week.   The stalemate leaves hanging Democratic demands for stronger gun restrictions, despite an unprecedented 25-hour sit-in by House Democrats last month, and sidelines any potential movement on an alternative bipartisan bill seen as a possible compromise. “A vote is going to be stalled” until Congress returns from its long summer break, one Republican aide said. Lawmakers initially believed Congress could pass some kind of measure before their summer recess after the Orlando shootings raised national security concerns and polls showed a majority of Americans in favor of greater restrictions. ",1
8797,U.S. House approves bill to upgrade airport security,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The House of Representatives on Monday approved an aviation bill that would upgrade security at U.S. airports in the aftermath of the Brussels and Istanbul attacks while extending funds for the Federal Aviation Administration for another 14 months. The approval, by a simple voice vote, sends the legislation to the Senate, where lawmakers were expected to approve the measure and forward it to the White House for President Barack Obama’s signature before Congress leaves for a seven-week summer break on Friday. The measure includes provisions from an earlier Senate bill that require tougher vetting of aviation workers with access to secure airport areas, expedited security checks to move passengers more quickly from airport areas that are not secured and a larger number of police dogs for security duty in the U.S. transportation system. It extends the current level of federal funding for FAA programs through September 2017. Congress has been struggling to find agreement on a more comprehensive package to reauthorize the U.S. aviation regulatory agency. A measure that would have provided FAA funding over six years stalled in the House earlier this year, amid disagreement over a proposal to privatize the U.S. air traffic control system. House Republicans say they intend to use the time between now and September 2017 to find ways to move the privatization plan forward.  ",1
8798,Obama renews call for U.S. public health insurance option,"(Reuters) - President Barack Obama on Monday urged Congress to reconsider offering a government-run health insurance option alongside private plans on the exchanges created as part of his national healthcare law.  In an article published in the online edition of the Journal of the American Medical Association, Obama said the Affordable Care Act had made much progress toward improving access to healthcare and the quality and affordability of care.  Many Republicans fiercely oppose the law saying it has raised health coverage costs for Americans and have tried repeatedly to repeal it in Congress    Obama said several challenges remain.  “Now, based on experience with the ACA, I think Congress should revisit a public plan to compete alongside private insurers in areas of the country where competition is limited,” the president wrote.     Public programs like Medicare often deliver care more cost effectively by curtailing administrative overhead and securing better prices from providers, Obama said. Republicans and some Democrats opposed the inclusion of a government-run plan similar to Medicare in the original Obamacare law, and the so-called “public option” did not make it into the final legislation.   Since the ACA became law, the uninsured rate has declined  to 9.1 percent in 2015 from 16 percent in 2010. Most enrollees live in counties with at least three policy issuers, which helps keep down costs, Obama said. However, 12 percent of those enrolled in plans through the exchanges live in areas with only one or two issuers. Adding a public plan in such areas would give consumers more affordable options, he said. Obama also called on Congress to increase financial assistance to purchase coverage, which he said would help middle class families who are stilling struggling with premiums. Obama said spending on prescription drugs, which rose 12 percent in 2014, remains a problem, and he urged Congress to act on his proposal to increase transparency around manufacturers’ production and development costs. He said the federal government should be given the authority to negotiate prices for certain high-priced drugs. Last month, Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives unveiled a plan to overhaul the nation’s healthcare system that would keep some of Obamacare’s more popular provisions, including protections for people with pre-existing conditions and allowing young adults to stay on their parents’ coverage until age 26. The proposal, which is not formal legislation, is part of a broader effort by House Speaker Paul Ryan to offer a Republican agenda ahead of the Nov. 8 elections.  ",1
8799,"A year later, U.S. lawmakers still take aim at Iran nuclear deal","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. lawmakers this week will consider three Republican-backed measures targeting the Obama administration’s nuclear agreement with Iran, which bitterly divides Washington a year after it was announced and could play a role in November’s elections. One bill would impose new sanctions on Iran over any sponsorship of terrorism or human rights violations. Another would bar the purchase from Iran of “heavy water,” a non-radioactive byproduct from making nuclear weapons and nuclear energy. The third would block Iran’s access to the U.S. financial system, including the use of the dollar. Republican lawmakers, who control the House of Representatives and Senate and unanimously opposed the nuclear deal announced last July 14, have said the measures are necessary to send Iran a strong message that it will face consequences if it violates international agreements. Many, joined by several Democrats, have been especially concerned by Iran’s actions since the deal was officially implemented in January, including its test-firing of ballistic missiles in March. “It makes sense to do all we can to check this very dangerous Iranian activity,” Republican Representative Ed Royce, the chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, told the Rules Committee, which sets up rules for debate of bills headed to the House floor. Thanks in part to the nuclear agreement, Iran has begun to rejoin global politics and economics after more than three decades of isolation. Business and political leaders are visiting the country, which is also hosting trade conferences. In his first report on the deal, United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Iran’s ballistic missile launches “are not consistent with the constructive spirit” of the nuclear deal. He said it was up to the U.N. Security Council to decide if the launches violated the resolution backing the agreement. However, he also said he was “encouraged by Iran’s implementation of its nuclear commitments.” Republicans worry that President Barack Obama is so eager to preserve the pact as a legacy that his administration will give Tehran too much leeway before he leaves office in January. ELECTION-YEAR POLITICS? Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee, backs the nuclear deal. Republican candidate Donald Trump has promised to tear it up if he is elected on Nov. 8. Most of Obama’s fellow Democrats in Congress backed the agreement. They say the new legislation is intended to undermine or even derail it. The White House issued a threat on Monday to veto all three bills, saying they would affect the continued viability of the nuclear agreement. The deal “is critical to ensuring that Iran’s nuclear program is and will remain exclusively peaceful, which is profoundly in the national security interest of the United States and the international community,” it said in a statement. The bills are not expected to win enough votes to advance in the Senate, even if they pass the House. And if they did pass the Senate, they would lack enough support to override a veto. Backers of the Iran deal said Republicans were trying to appeal to voters just days before the convention where Trump is due to become the party’s presidential nominee. Polls show an overwhelming majority of Americans have an unfavorable view of Iran. Dylan Williams, vice president for government affairs at J Street, a pro-Israel group that supported the nuclear deal, said such legislation plays into voters’ frustration with what they see as a do-nothing Congress. “This kind of grandstanding not only endangers our security by endangering the deal, it’s exactly the type of politics that people are sick of,” he said. ",1
8800,"Trump and Christie join forces to attack Obama, Clinton","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans Donald Trump and Chris Christie teamed up on Monday to assail Democratic President Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton as weak on domestic security, making the kind of one-two punch possible if Trump picks Christie as his running mate. At a rally in Virginia Beach, Virginia, Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, and Christie, the tough-talking New Jersey governor, seized on the Dallas police shootings as examples of why Americans need a “law and order” candidate like Trump. Much of the debate about security in the presidential campaign has been about threats abroad. The shooting deaths of five Dallas police officers last week and violence in other cities have shifted the debate back home for now. Trump, a wealthy real estate developer, presented himself as “the law and order candidate” and called Clinton weak. He said she has grown out of touch with the plight of ordinary Americans and cited her making paid speeches to corporate interests as a cause. “Perhaps it is easy for politicians to lose touch with reality when they are being paid millions of dollars to read speeches to Wall Street executives, instead of spending time with real people in real pain,” he said. “The disconnect in America is deep. There are two Americas: the ruling class, and the groups it favors, and then everyone else,” said Trump. In the final days of his search for a vice presidential running mate, Trump was introduced at the event by Christie, who is one of Trump’s top potential picks to be his vice presidential running mate. Christie, a former rival of Trump for the presidential nomination, showed himself capable of assuming the role of political attack dog, a job the vice presidential nominee usually assumes. He suggested Obama has taken sides against police in the country’s debate over race and police brutality. “We need a president who once again will put law and order at the top of the priority of the presidency of this country,” Christie said. “Our police officers ... need to understand that the president of the United States and his administration will give them the benefit of the doubt, not always believe that what they have done is somehow wrong.” Trump has been test-driving his vice presidential possibilities. He campaigned last week with former House of Representatives Speaker Newt Gingrich, and is to appear with a third No. 2 possibility, Indiana Governor Mike Pence, in Indiana on Tuesday. The New York businessman has appeared most comfortable publicly with Gingrich. Both Gingrich and Christie have been advisers for Trump behind the scenes. Trump is also considering retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn for the job, but told The Washington Post in an interview published on Monday that he is leaning toward a conventional politician. “I don’t need two anti-establishment people,” Trump said. “Someone respected by the establishment and liked by the establishment would be good for unification. I do like unification of the Republican Party.” Trump said he would decide on his vice presidential pick in the next three or four days. The Republican National Convention, at which he is to be nominated as the party’s candidate, opens in Cleveland next Monday. (This version of the story was refiled to fix typographical error in 4th paragraph to make it “estate” instead of “state”) ",1
8801,"Sanders could endorse Clinton's White House bid, but some divisions linger","NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders is set to throw his support behind fellow Democrat Hillary Clinton’s bid for the White House on Tuesday, a boost for the former secretary of state as she prepares to face off with Republican rival Donald Trump in the Nov. 8 presidential election. An endorsement from Sanders would end a bitterly fought battle for the Democratic nomination that split the party over education, healthcare and climate change, and comes after Clinton offered Sanders a handful of policy concessions on those issues in recent weeks. At a rally in New Hampshire on Tuesday, the pair will appear together to discuss a shared “commitment to building an America that is stronger together and an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top,” according to statements released Monday by both campaigns.  Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver would not confirm whether Sanders would formally endorse Clinton on Tuesday but said the rally will be the first of many in which Sanders will “be out there stumping for the Democratic nominee.” Sanders had been under pressure for weeks from Democratic Party officials to throw his weight behind Clinton after she locked up the required number of delegates last month with a string of wins in state-by-state primary contests, but had resisted, citing policy differences. Clinton needs Sanders’ supporters to boost her chances against Trump in her run for the White House. Only about 40 percent of Sanders’ supporters say they would vote for her, according to recent Reuters/Ipsos polling.  Weaver said that despite Sanders backing of Clinton, he would likely still press on with his efforts to reform the Democratic Party nominating process after a contentious primary season, pushing to open primaries to independent voters and change the roles of superdelegates, party stalwarts who can support a nominee of their choosing regardless of how people voted in their districts. In the past few weeks, both camps have been in regular contact on how to bring Clinton closer to some of Sanders’ progressive stances on issues like wealth inequality, trade, healthcare, education, and the environment in an effort to unify the party. But some Sanders’ supporters are not fully satisfied by Clinton’s concessions on the party platform - most of which centered on education and healthcare - suggesting there may be some room for friction at the Democratic National Convention later this month where Clinton is set to be formally nominated. “This is a platform clearly influenced by Bernie Sanders,” said James Zogby, the president of the Arab American Institute and a Sanders appointee to the party’s platform drafting committee.      But, he added, “there were several areas where the Clinton campaign lost an opportunity to not only reach out to the Sanders base but to also to make a dramatic statement to the American people in general that would have gone a long way in helping her demonstrate that she will be a different kind of candidate,” he said.  For example, he said, the party could have used stronger language in its policy platform draft to condemn the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement, which Sanders has argued would hurt American workers and which Clinton has also vocally opposed. Sanders’ challenge to Clinton, one of the best-known figures in U.S. politics, lasted far longer than expected, running for four months and across 50 states and yielding record numbers of small donations to his campaign.  He has previously vowed to help Clinton defeat Trump but has been reluctant to end his campaign, and has come short of making a formal endorsement even as other prominent Democrats have rallied around her, including President Barack Obama, Vice President Joe Biden and U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren, a favorite of the party’s liberal wing. On Monday, the Communications Workers of America endorsed Clinton, after having earlier endorsed Sanders.  ",1
8802,Race for U.S. Senate seat in Indiana shaken up by Hill withdrawal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democrat Baron Hill on Monday announced he was leaving the race for an open U.S. Senate seat in Indiana, clearing the way for a potentially more popular, better-funded Democratic candidate and possibly helping the party’s prospects in November’s elections. “After consulting with my family, my staff and party leaders, I am withdrawing from the U.S. Senate race and removing my name from the November ballot,” Hill, a former Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives said in a Facebook post. Media organizations reported that former U.S. Senator Evan Bayh, who also has served as Indiana’s governor, would replace Hill on the Democratic ballot in the Nov. 8 election. Bayh was not immediately available for comment, but if he enters the race, he would challenge Representative Todd Young, the Republican nominee. In announcing his decision, Hill noted that Democrats have a good chance of winning majority control of the Senate, “especially with a strong nominee who has the money, name identification and resources to win. I do not want to stand in the way of Democrats winning Indiana and the U.S. Senate.” Bayh, who served two terms in the Senate before retiring in 2010, has nearly $10 million in cash on hand, according to the latest Federal Election Commission filings.  According to the FEC, Hill had less than $400,000 cash on hand. ",1
8803,Obama must make new budget request for Iraq troops: Thornberry,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Republican chairman of the House of Representatives Armed Services Committee said on Monday that President Barack Obama must ask Congress for additional funds to pay the deployment of more troops to Iraq, as Congress and the White House debate defense spending amid mandatory budget cuts. “Added to the President’s Afghanistan announcement last week, the United States will now be deploying thousands more troops than we have budgeted for in the President’s budget request,” Representative Mac Thornberry said in a statement. “Those deployments can only be fully supported through a supplemental budget request,” Thornberry said. U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter announced on Monday that Washington would send 560 additional troops to assist Iraqi forces in an expected push on the Islamic State stronghold of Mosul. Obama said on July 6 he would keeping 8,400 troops in Afghanistan through the end of his presidency in January. As the Republican-led Congress and the Democratic administration grapple over spending, Obama has threatened to veto a $602 billion defense policy bill because of its use of special funds for the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq to avoid mandatory spending limits. Democrats say the Department of Defense should be subject to the same spending restrictions as non-military programs, but Republicans accuse Democrats of stinting on national security in order to fund pet projects. ",1
8804,Trump says to decide on running mate by week's end: Washington Post,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said on Monday he expects to select a running mate in the “next three to four days” and that he was leaning toward someone with political rather than military credentials, The Washington Post reported. Trump told the Post in an interview that he had five people under consideration, including retired Lt. General Michael Flynn. ",1
8805,House speaker Ryan to address Republican convention: Politico,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan will address the Republican National Convention this month after his staff reached a deal with party officials and the campaign of presidential candidate Donald Trump, Politico reported on Monday. Ryan, who had publicly vacillated over whether or not to support his party’s controversial nominee, will deliver a 10-minute speech that focuses on “the sharp contrast between Republican ideas and four more years of Obama-like progressive policies; and the need for conservatives to unite around Republican candidates in advance of a critical election,” an aide to the speaker was quoted as saying. ",1
8806,Clinton's conundrum: caught between protesters and police,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The shocking shooting deaths of five Dallas police officers have magnified the challenge that Hillary Clinton faces as she tries to reassure both voters jittery about social unrest and activists angry about law-enforcement abuses that she is on their side. For Clinton, the likely Democratic presidential nominee, the political concerns going forward are two-fold. She can’t afford to alienate black and progressive voters she needs to show up in large numbers in the November election by taking too strong a stand against the protests like those recently in Louisiana and Minnesota that resulted in hundreds of arrests.  At the same time, Clinton can’t allow more moderate voters worried about the violent images on their TV screens to gravitate to her Republican rival, Donald Trump, who has attempted to use the tragedy in Dallas to argue that he is the better law-and-order candidate.  Clinton herself recognizes the fine line she is trying to navigate. In remarks Friday following the Dallas sniper attack that left five officers dead, she acknowledged she was sending a mixed message in advocating for reform to curb police misconduct while at the same time praising the honor and bravery of police officers. “I know that, just by saying all these things together, I may upset some people,” Clinton said in Philadelphia. Polling by Reuters/Ipsos has revealed sharp differences in how Trump and Clinton’s supporters view the police when it comes to African-American suspects. Just 24 percent of Trump voters believe that black people are treated worse than whites compared to 55 percent of Clinton voters, according to a poll conducted between May 13 and June 7.  African-Americans were also almost twice as likely as whites to describe the police as “too violent,” according to Reuters polling. The slain Dallas gunman, Micah Johnson, shot a dozen Dallas officers because he wanted to “kill white people,” authorities said. Prior to the attack, Clinton had tried to demonstrate her solidarity with the Black Lives Matter movement after black men were killed by police in a suburb of St. Paul, Minnesota and Baton Rouge, Louisiana. “White people” need to start listening, she said, “to the legitimate cries that are coming from our African-American fellow citizens.” Clinton’s words were seized upon on Sunday by retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, a top contender to be Trump’s vice-presidential pick. Flynn, the former head of the Defense Intelligence Agency, called Clinton’s comments “irresponsible” in an interview with ABC News because she “talked about white people being to blame.” Trump argued on Twitter Sunday that the United States is a “divided nation” due in part to the leadership of Clinton and President Barack Obama. Reports had him now strongly considering Flynn as a running mate in part because of Americans’ growing concerns over public safety.  But Clinton has also had problems with black activists. Two Black Lives Matter advocates crashed a fundraiser in February, complaining about Clinton’s past comments about youth gangs. And in April, protesters sparred with her husband Bill Clinton, the former president, over the 1994 bill he signed into law that put non-violent offenders in prison for longer terms. Clinton has spoken at length about criminal-justice reform and scaling back gun rights, but still is viewed by many progressives, who have increasing sway in the party, as too centrist. Democrats, for example, are expected to formally call for the abolition of the death penalty for the first time at the party’s nominating convention later this month.  While Clinton has been critical about racial bias in the application of capital punishment, she has come short of saying it should be done away with. Trump has argued the death penalty should be automatic for anyone found guilty of murdering a police officer. Steve Schale, a Democratic strategist in Florida, said he believes Clinton can find a message that can appease both moderates and liberals on the issue of police violence.  “She can talk to the types of voters who strongly support their local law enforcement, but who also understand there are very troubling stories coming out of certain communities and real issues that need to be addressed,” he said.  Clinton may be able to utilize Vice President Joe Biden, well-liked by law enforcement, as a surrogate to reach out to police groups. Clinton and Biden were scheduled to campaign together Friday, but the event was canceled in the wake of the Dallas incident.  However, Biden, as a U.S. senator, was an advocate of the 1994 crime bill that’s now the object of scorn among black activists, underscoring the thorny politics of the issue within the party.  Trump continues to enjoy the same kind of advantage among white voters that Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican nominee, held. The most recent Reuters tracking poll shows Trump leading Clinton among white likely voters by two points, while Trump trails Clinton among all likely voters by 13 points.  That makes African-American turnout particularly critical for Clinton. In 2012, Romney won almost 60 percent of the white vote but still lost handily to Obama, who drove minorities to the polls in high numbers.  ",1
8807,"Populism is a 'dangerous' trend in EU, U.S.: EU trade commissioner","BEIJING (Reuters) - European Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmstrom said on Monday that populism in Europe, the United States and elsewhere is a dangerous thing, and if populist politicians come to power it would be a recipe for isolation and failure. Speaking in Beijing, she said the debate in the United States was personified by Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump and included criticism of globalization and trade. ",1
8808,Pennsylvania Governor Wolf says spending plan to become law,"(Reuters) - Pennsylvania Governor Tom Wolf said late on Sunday a bill to increase funding in the state will become law, about 24 hours before the 10-day period for him to veto the blueprint runs out. Pennsylvania lawmakers passed the $31.6 billion spending plan on Thursday, a day before the deadline for the start of fiscal 2017. The state will still not have a complete revenue plan to pay for the increased spending, so the legislature will have to keep working on the same. ",1
8809,Obama says U.S. government must improve cyber security,"MADRID (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama said on Sunday that the U.S. government has to improve its cyber security practices for the modern age of smart phones and other technology, saying that hackers had targeted the White House. “I am concerned about it, I don’t think we have it perfect. We have to do better, we have to learn from mistakes,” Obama told a news conference in Madrid. “We know that we have had hackers in the White House,” he added.  Concerns have been raised about the security of government information after the head of the FBI said presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s email servers may have been accessed by foreign actors when she was Secretary of State. ",1
8810,Possible Trump VP pick says he supports abortion rights,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, under consideration by Republican Donald Trump as a possible vice presidential choice, said on Sunday he favors a woman’s right to choose whether to have an abortion. That stance places Flynn, the former head of the Defense Intelligence Agency, at odds with the official Republican Party position, which is firmly anti-abortion. Asked about his position on abortion on ABC News’ “This Week,” Flynn, a registered Democrat, said “women have to be able to choose” and that women “have to make the decision because they’re the ... ones that are going to decide to bring up that child or not.”  Trump, the presumptive Republican White House nominee, has said he will pick his vice president before the party’s nomination convention opens on July 18. Flynn has been an adviser to the Trump campaign since early this year.  The Washington Post reported on Saturday that Trump is becoming increasingly infatuated with Flynn, who ran the Defense Intelligence Agency from 2012-2014 under President Barack Obama, because he believes national unrest and the threat of terrorism may demand a “tough and steady” presence on the ticket.  As a businessman and real-estate developer, Trump also likes the idea of teaming up with another non-politician, the Post reported. For weeks Trump has conducted a high-profile canvassing of Republican political stalwarts as part of his running mate search, but he has also made clear he is looking at what a military leader would bring to the ticket. A source familiar with the matter confirmed to Reuters on Saturday that Flynn had emerged as a possibility. According to the source, Flynn is seen as someone who would be able to help Trump in the area of national security at a time of challenges abroad like the threat from Islamic State militants. Trump is also considering more conventional vice presidential contenders, such as former House of Representatives Speaker Newt Gingrich, Indiana Governor Mike Pence or New Jersey Governor Chris Christie. ",1
8811,Obama says attacks on police hurt Black Lives Matter cause,"MADRID (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama has warned that attacks on police over racial bias would hurt the anti-racism Black Lives Matter movement, days after a sniper killed five police officers in Dallas in apparent revenge for police shootings of black people.  Obama said although most activists from the Black Lives Matter movement wanted to see better relations between communities and law enforcement, violence and overly broad criticism against police undermined the protest movement. “I want to say to say to everyone concerned about ... racial bias in the criminal justice system that maintaining a truthful, serious and respectful tone is going to help mobilize American society to bring about real change,” Obama said. “Whenever those of us who are concerned about failures of the criminal justice system attack police, you are doing a disservice to the cause,” he told a news conference in Madrid where he is on a one-day visit.  Micah Johnson, a black U.S. military veteran of the Afghan war, opened fire on police officers on Thursday during a protest in Dallas against the fatal shootings of two black men by police in Louisiana and Minnesota the previous day. Johnson wanted to “kill white people, especially white officers,” Dallas Police Chief David Brown said after the attack on Thursday night. The Black Lives Matter group said on Friday it advocated dignity, not murder, in response to the shooting that also left seven other police officers and two civilians wounded. Obama said there was legitimate criticism to be made of the criminal justice system and that citizens should continue to protest against it. “I would hope that police organizations are also respectful of the frustrations that people in these communities feel and not just dismiss these protests as political correctness or politics or attacks on police,” he said. ",1
8812,Trump looks at retired general Flynn as possible running mate,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is giving consideration to retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn as a potential vice presidential running mate, a Republican source familiar with the process said on Saturday. For weeks Trump has conducted a high-profile canvassing of Republican political stalwarts as part of his running mate search, but he has also made clear he is looking at what a military leader would bring to the ticket. The source, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Flynn has emerged as a possibility, confirming reports in the New York Post and The Washington Post. The Trump campaign had no comment. The thinking is that Flynn, who has been a foreign policy adviser to Trump, would be able to help Trump in the area of national security at a time of challenges abroad like the threat from Islamic State militants. Trump is also considering a more conventional political choice for his running mate, such as former House of Representatives Speaker Newt Gingrich, Indiana Governor Mike Pence or New Jersey Governor Chris Christie. Flynn was chief of the Defense Intelligence Agency under President Barack Obama from 2012-2014. He has spoken in the past about wanting the United States to work more closely with Russia to resolve global security issues. Flynn told Russia Today in an interview published on Dec. 10 that the United States and Russia should work together to resolve the Syrian civil war and defeat Islamic State. Flynn has a book coming out next week, co-written with Michael Ledeen, titled: “The Field of Fight: How We Can Win the Global War Against Radical Islam and Its Allies.” ",1
8813,Sanders' TPP stance shot down by Democrats' platform committee,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A trade deal fight led by U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders on Saturday failed to fully materialize as rival and presumptive nominee Hillary Clinton announced a compromise to expand mandatory healthcare funding over the next decade. At a meeting of the Democratic Party draft platform committee in Orlando, Florida, on Saturday, supporters of Sanders were unable to influence the committee to adopt strong language opposing the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade pact, marking a powerful blow to the efforts by the U.S. senator from Vermont to push the party further to the left. “We did everything we could to win that vote,” said Sanders policy adviser Warren Gunnels. “It was very disappointing.” Instead of a condemnation specific to the TPP, the committee reached language saying they would oppose “trade agreements that do not support good American jobs.” Sanders has headed the effort on the U.S. left to oppose the TPP and trade deals like it, which he says are unfair to American workers. Clinton has also come out as opposed to the agreement.  Despite Clinton having already secured the requisite delegates to clinch the party’s nomination at the July 25-28 convention, Sanders remains in the race to be the party’s nominee.  He has indicated that he would hold off on endorsing Clinton for the Nov. 8 general election fight against Republican presumptive nominee Donald Trump until she adopted policies and campaign language that more closely resembled his own more liberal tone. “I would like to say that while this vote was disappointing, we have won some tremendous victories,” Gunnels said, including securing language in the draft supporting a federal $15 minimum wage, another trademark issue for Sanders. On the same day, the Clinton campaign announced changes to its healthcare policy proposal, including increasing mandatory healthcare funding under the Affordable Care Act by $40 billion over the next 10 years, highlighting the significant influence Sanders still yields over the party.  “We have more work to do to finish our long fight to provide universal, quality, affordable healthcare to everyone in America,” Clinton said in a statement that included her intention to give Americans the choice of a public-option insurance plan and allow for individuals below Medicare age, beginning at 55, to opt in to the U.S. federal program that pays elderly Americans’ hospital bills. Sanders has made combating healthcare costs a rallying cry of his campaign and often battled with Clinton during the primary race on how best to reach their shared goal of universal healthcare. On Saturday, Sanders praised the updates to Clinton’s proposal as a step in the right direction to “save lives and ease suffering,” indicating, along with the more liberal tone in several parts of the 2016 platform draft, a growing compromise between the two camps. For Clinton, an endorsement from Sanders - seen as a champion of the progressive left - could open the door to many of his supporters who have been reluctant to support the more moderate Clinton. “The proposal brought forth today by Secretary Clinton, working with our campaign, is an important step forward in expanding healthcare in America - and expanding health insurance and healthcare access to tens of millions of Americans,” he said in a statement. “I congratulate Secretary Clinton for this extremely important initiative.” The New York Times reported on Thursday that an endorsement is imminent, and Sanders is expected to officially throw his support behind Clinton, a former U.S. secretary of state, at a campaign stop in New Hampshire early next week. (This story corrects age at which individuals could opt in to Medicare under Clinton plan in paragraph 10) ",1
8814,"U.S. gun rules heighten tension between police, citizens: Obama","WARSAW (Reuters) - President Barack Obama pledged on Saturday to seek ways to calm racial tensions and reduce divisions between police and minorities during his final months in office, but he warned that easy access to guns nationwide exacerbated the problem. Obama spoke at the end of a week in which five policemen were killed by a sniper in Dallas and two black men were killed by police in Minnesota and Louisiana. He said he would bring together civil rights and law enforcement leaders for talks at the White House next week after returning from a trip to Europe. Obama, the first black U.S. president, has spoken out on racial issues throughout his time in the White House. He has also tried but failed to reform American gun laws, stymied by Republicans in Congress who have opposed any measures that they seen as impinging on the Constitutional right to bear arms, despite a series of mass shootings in recent years. Obama said the Dallas police force reduced murder rates and community complaints by taking the issue of race and police conduct seriously, and said he hoped that would inspire “constructive actions” in the coming weeks. “That’s the spirit that we all need to embrace. That’s the spirit that I want to build on,” he said during a press conference in Poland. But the divisive issue of gun control could not be separated from the tension between police and local citizens, he said.   Obama noted that Dallas police on Thursday had to protect themselves and citizens from sniper fire while deciphering who had guns among those taking part in a protest decrying police shootings of black men. The presence of a gun in the car where Philando Castile, 32, was killed by police in Minnesota on Wednesday contributed to that event, he said. “In Minneapolis, we don’t know yet what happened, but we do know that there was a gun in the car that apparently was licensed, but it caused, in some fashion, those tragic events,” Obama told reporters.  “We can’t just ignore that and pretend that that’s somehow political ... it is a contributing factor – not the sole factor – but a contributing factor to the broader tensions that arise between police and the communities where they serve.” Obama is very unlikely to succeed in reviving major gun control reform before he leaves office in January. Lawmakers in Congress have fought over three rival gun measures since the June 12 mass shootings at a gay nightclub in Orlando. Democrats promised to put pressure on Republicans next week to win votes for measures to expand background checks and allow the Justice Department to block gun sales to people on government watch lists. Obama said on Saturday he hoped his legacy on the issue of race would be one of urging Americans to listen to each other and understand the country’s difficult relationship with race. “The legacy of slavery and Jim Crow and discrimination didn’t suddenly vanish with the passage of the Civil Rights Act or the Voting Rights Act or the election of Barack Obama,” he said. He said he hoped his words as president had conveyed “that things have gotten better, substantially better, but that we’ve still got a lot more work to do.” ",1
8815,Obama 'concerned' about U.S. State Department handling of classified information,"WARSAW (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama said on Saturday he was concerned about how the State Department handles classified information but cast this as part of a government-wide challenge in the age of email, texts and smartphones. FBI Director James Comey on Tuesday recommended against prosecuting Hillary Clinton or her aides for their “extremely careless” handling of classified information on the private email server that she used as secretary of state. Comey said the FBI had found evidence that “the security culture of the State Department in general, and with respect to use of unclassified systems in particular, was generally lacking in the kind of care for classified information that’s found elsewhere in the U.S. government.” Asked about the FBI director’s assessment, Obama told reporters in a news conference: “I am concerned.” “The advent of email and texts and smart phones is just generating enormous amounts of data,” Obama added, saying that this, in turn was “putting enormous pressure on the department to sort through it, classify it properly.” Obama said that if one classified too much, the benefits of the information evaporated because it took too long to process. “It reflects a larger problem in government,” he added. Clinton has said her use of a private email server was a mistake. ",1
8816,Republican Party chairman confident in Cleveland convention security,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Party chief Reince Priebus expressed confidence on Saturday that security will be able to handle any protests at the party’s convention later this month in Cleveland, where Donald Trump is to be nominated as the Republican presidential candidate. Priebus, chairman of the Republican National Committee, told Reuters in a telephone interview that the tragic shootings in Texas, Minnesota and Louisiana in recent days may lead to a more peaceful discourse in general across the country. Cleveland police on Friday tightened their security plan for the July 18-21 Republican National Convention in the wake of the shootings. They also increased surveillance and intelligence operations. The outpouring of grief among Americans after the bloodshed could lead to a “more understanding and polite discourse and a feeling of support in communities and with police,” Priebus said, and that this same feeling of understanding could also take place in Cleveland. “We’ve been working really hard on security. I’m very confident that things are going to go very well in Cleveland. The police are there in full force to be helpful to protesters, but also to keep the event safe and free from incident,” he said. Priebus, who has worked to rally Republicans behind Trump, said the convention should serve as a vehicle to unify more party loyalists behind the New York businessman whose incendiary rhetoric and policy positions have troubled some Republicans. Priebus added that the “never Trump” movement has ebbed and that he did not believe any rebellion among Republican delegates at the convention against Trump would succeed. “It’s one thing to be unhappy because your person didn’t win. I get that part. But it’s another step to now say because I don’t like the way this is going, I’m going to take something away from someone who won it fair and square. There’s just not a lot of people that are willing to do that,” he said. Priebus, who has privately counseled Trump, said it is important for him to continue making the case against Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton after the FBI concluded she had been “extremely careless” in handling some sensitive emails as President Barack Obama’s secretary of state. Trump, at a campaign rally in Ohio on Wednesday, had sharply criticized Clinton at the outset, but then diverted to attacking the news media for how it is covering his campaign. “In a 45-minute rally, he spent a long time on Hillary and I think it’s OK for him to divert here and there, but I do think focusing on Hillary is important and a vision for America is important,” Priebus said. ",1
8817,Pentagon says near deal with Lockheed for more F-35 fighter jets,"RAF FAIRFORD, England (Reuters) - The U.S. Department of Defense and Lockheed Martin Corp are in the final stages of negotiations about two contracts for 160 fighter jets, tandem deals valued at more than $14 billion, the Pentagon’s F-35 program manager said on Saturday. “We’re in the end game,” Air Force Lieutenant General Chris Bogdan said in an interview at the Royal International Air Tattoo the world’s largest military airshow, where six F-35 Lightning II jets are flying this week. Bogdan said an agreement could be finalised soon, but declined to predict if it could be announced at the Farnborough International Airshow next week. He said all the major issues had been resolved and the fate of the deal was largely in Lockheed’s hands at the moment. Lockheed’s F-35 program manager Jeff Babione had told reporters on Thursday that he expected to reach an agreement soon about contracts for the ninth and 10th production contracts for the new warplane. Sources familiar with the two contracts said they would likely be valued between $14 billion and $15 billion. Babione said the price of the F-35A conventional takeoff and landing version of the jet would drop to under $100 million per plane in the 10th low-rate production batch, including an engine built by Pratt & Whitney, a unit of United Technologies Corp. Bogdan said he was continuing to work on a block buy deal for international partners on the $379 billion warplane project, the largest arms program in the world, as part of a larger effort to drive down the jets’ cost.  Buying larger numbers of jets at a time — starting with the 12th production batch of jets — could generate savings of $2 billion to $2.8 billion, even if the U.S. military was not able to join in until it got congressional approval, he said.  The U.S. military services would likely join in starting with the 13th and 14th production lots, which would reduce the initially anticipated savings by “hundreds of millions of dollars,” he said. Bogdan told reporters the program office was carefully assessing any potential impact on trade and tariffs stemming from Britain’s vote to leave the European Union, but the initial expectation was that it would not have much impact. A drop in the value of the British pound could help lower some costs, since 15 percent of the jet is built by UK firms.            ",1
8818,Gun in Minnesota car may have contributed to events there: Obama,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama said on Saturday that the prevalence of guns in U.S. society is one factor behind American violence and the fact that there was a gun in the car contributed to the shooting of a black Minnesota man last week. “In Minneapolis, we don’t know yet what happened, but we do know that there was a gun in the car that apparently was licensed but it caused, in some fashion, those tragic events,” Obama told reporters. “We can’t just ignore that and pretend that that’s somehow political ... it is a contributing factor –not the sole factor – but a contributing factor to the broader tensions that arise between police and the communities where they serve.” ",1
8819,Clinton says she relied on State staff for classification decisions,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Hillary Clinton disputed a scathing assessment by the Federal Bureau of Investigation that she was “extremely careless” with classified government secrets, saying on Friday she relied on the judgment of her subordinates at the U.S. State Department. After maintaining for more than a year that she did not send or receive classified information through her unauthorized private email system, she acknowledged in a string of interviews on Friday she may have at least unwittingly done so, three days after the FBI concluded this happened at least 110 times. Clinton, the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee, said she “certainly did not believe” that she was handling classified information on her email system at the time, but emphasized that she followed the lead of her subordinates on whether information was classified. “I did not have a basis for second-guessing their conclusion,” Clinton said in an interview with CNN, saying she had the “highest regard” for her former colleagues. “These are experienced diplomats, they have expertise in handling classified material,” she said in a separate interview with PBS Newshour. “They were not careless and the material that they sent, they did not believe that was classified.” Clinton, who was the department’s most senior classifying authority during her four-year tenure at its helm, did not address the FBI’s conclusion that she herself sent information on topics classified as ‘top secret’, the highest level, through a private server she kept in her basement.  “I have said, and I repeated, that it was a mistake to use personal email and I regret that,” she said in another interview with ABC. It is a crime to mishandle classified information, and while FBI Director James Comey said on Tuesday there was evidence Clinton or her aides may have broken these laws, there was not enough evidence of criminal intent for a prosecution. In an unusual 15-minute announcement explaining the FBI’s findings, Comey ended up dismaying both Republicans and Democrats. While Clinton’s Republican opponents have fumed at the decision not to file criminal charges, Clinton and her staff have disputed some of Comey’s criticisms that undermine her argument that she has better judgment than Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential candidate. Comey called her and her staff “extremely careless” and said that any “reasonable” government employee should have recognized that such information should not be aired in emails. Her server was so poorly secured the FBI could not eliminate the possibility it had not been hacked by the country’s enemies, Comey said. Asked if she agreed that she was “extremely careless”, Clinton told CNN she was not, adding that Comey had “clarified” his remarks. It was unclear what clarification Clinton meant. In lengthier comments before lawmakers on Thursday, Comey again spoke of Clinton’s and her staff’s carelessness and “real sloppiness”, adding that it seemed she was not “particularly sophisticated with respect to classified information.” ",1
8820,"Faced with Trump and Clinton, Americans yearn for third choice: Reuters/Ipsos poll","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Americans’ demand for an alternative to the two main presidential candidates has surged since the last election, a Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll shows, underscoring the unpopularity of Republican Donald Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton. Based on 2,153 interviews, Friday’s poll results suggest a strong potential for a third-party candidate - like Gary Johnson of the Libertarian Party or Jill Stein of the Green Party - to take enough of the vote in the Nov. 8 presidential election to influence its outcome. According to the July 1-8 poll, 21 percent of likely voters will not back Trump or Clinton. That compares with about 13 percent of likely voters who opted out of the two main choices at the same point in the 2012 race between incumbent President Barack Obama and Republican challenger Mitt Romney. The poll also showed a majority of American voters have an overall “unfavorable” view of both main candidates, with 46 percent of Clinton supporters and 47 percent of Trump supporters saying their top priority when voting will be to stop the opposing candidate from reaching the White House. Demand for an alternative could be decisive in hotly contested battleground states. In Florida in 2012, for instance, Obama won by less than 1 percentage point. If this year’s race is just as tight, third-party candidates could draw enough support to flip the state from one major party to the other. Despite this, both Johnson and Stein have a problem that  make their influence hard to predict - most voters still do not know who they are. Of likely voters, 23 percent say they are at least “somewhat familiar” with Johnson, a former governor of New Mexico. That drops to 16 percent for Stein, a physician. Johnson could appeal to both liberals and conservatives. He wants to legalize marijuana and replace income and payroll taxes with a consumption tax.  Stein could make a strong bid to backers of U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, who ran a close race with Clinton for the Democratic presidential nomination. Stein wants to abolish student debt and raise the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour. She also aims for the country to run on renewable energy by 2030.  Stein’s communications coordinator, David Doonan, said that the campaign is working to boost her numbers and that the Green Party is circulating a letter that directly appeals to people who supported Sanders. “He also started very low” in the polls, Doonan said.  So far it appears that Johnson and Stein draw support evenly from Clinton and Trump when they are included in opinion polls. In a four-way race, 45 percent of likely voters support Clinton, 34 percent Trump, 5 percent Johnson and 4 percent Stein, according to a separate five-day polling average on July 8.  That compares with 46 percent for Clinton and 33 percent for Trump in a two-way race.  Given a little more information about the two alternative candidates, respondents who back Johnson and Stein draw more deeply from Clinton’s support. Some 44 percent of likely voters support Clinton, 34 percent  Trump, 7 percent Johnson and 5 percent Stein, after reading the following statement, according to the poll: “Jill Stein, the Green Party candidate for President, has taken an environmental position supporting a strong government role limiting carbon-based fuels, such as coal. Gary Johnson, the Libertarian candidate for President, has supported severely limiting the government’s role, including slashing taxes and reducing programs such as Medicare and the military and broadly decriminalizing currently illegal drugs.” The Reuters/Ipsos poll is conducted online in English with American adults in the continental United States, Alaska and Hawaii. The survey of voters who want an alternative to Trump and Clinton included 2,153 likely voters and has a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of 2 percentage points. The five-day average poll that ended July 8 included about 1,240 likely voters and has a credibility interval of 3 percentage points. <^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ U.S. Presidential Election 2016     cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=us-2016 GRAPHIC: Race to the White House    tmsnrt.rs/1Tr5O3e Tales from the Trail blog    here Reuters election newsletter    here Poll: Your vote for president (Clinton-Trump-Johnson-Stein)    polling.reuters.com/#poll/TM651Y15_26/filters/LIKELY:1 Poll: Your vote for president (Clinton-Trump)    polling.reuters.com/#!poll/TM651Y15_13/filters/LIKELY:1/type/smallest/dates/20160601-20160708/collapsed/true/spotlight/1 Poll: Your vote for president (Clinton-Trump-Johnson-Stein-No.2)    polling.reuters.com/#poll/TM952Y16/filters/LIKELY:1 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^> ",1
8821,"Violence again convulses 2016 election campaign, testing Trump, Clinton","(Reuters) - In the hours after a gunman shot 12 police officers, killing five in Dallas, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump and his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton abruptly canceled campaign events. Their Twitter accounts largely went quiet. The shootings marked yet another convulsive event in the 2016 political season, one in which Clinton and Trump have scrambled to find the right response to terror attacks abroad, mass shootings at home, and protests over police killings of African Americans. Much of the violence, captured live on smartphones and endlessly replayed on cable television news, has fueled Americans’ fears about their personal safety, polls show. It has  evoked memories of 1968, when civil rights leader Martin Luther King and Democratic presidential candidate Robert Kennedy were assassinated in a turbulent era of protests against the Vietnam war and racial segregation. “We’re seeing wild acts of gun violence and we are polarized in our politics and in the public square,” said historian Douglas Brinkley. “Every 48 hours there seems to be some horrific event that jars and jerks our consciousness into a new dimension.” Historically, uncertain times tend to push the party out of power. Witness Republican Ronald Reagan’s defeat of incumbent Democrat Jimmy Carter in 1980 during the Iran hostage crisis, or Obama’s victory over Republican John McCain in 2008 as the U.S. economy collapsed. But that may not be the case for Trump, who has yet to convince a majority of Americans that his would be a steady hand at the tiller. Trump’s initial reaction to Dallas suggested he understands the stakes. He issued a sober statement of unity that was unlike many of his public utterances that are often derided by critics as hyperbolic or inflammatory. “Our nation has become too divided. Too many Americans feel like they’ve lost hope. Crime is harming too many citizens. Racial tensions have gotten worse, not better. This isn’t the American Dream we all want for our children,” he said. “This is a time, perhaps more than ever, for strong leadership, love and compassion. We will pull through these tragedies.”   With race relations becoming a more prominent issue in the White House race, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, a top contender to be Trump’s vice presidential running mate, told Fox News that Trump and his No. 2 can help broaden their appeal by going to inner cities, where many African Americans live.In responding to the spasm of gun violence, Clinton has called for more regulations on the gun industry and has aligned herself with the Black Lives Matter movement, which campaigns against violence against African-Americans. In a round of TV appearances, Clinton said she had been working her whole life to try to bridge the racial divide. Her comments follow the police shooting of two black men in two separate incidents in Louisiana and Minnesota over the past week. The Dallas gunman told police he was angry about the killings. “I will call for white people, like myself, to put ourselves in the shoes of those African American families ... who fear every time their children go somewhere. I’m going to be talking about white people,” Clinton said on CNN. Democratic strategist Bud Jackson said she is hitting the right tone. “I don’t think this is an issue that she needs to take advantage of,” he said. “In fact it would probably hurt her if she is perceived as taking advantage of it.”  But the demand for change is sweeping among voters. According to a Reuters/Ipsos poll taken over the last five weeks, nearly two-thirds of Americans feel the country is on the wrong track, reflecting their general unease with the economy, terror threats and violence. “Her challenge is to show she can cope with these issues and that she would bring change and would not be the same,” said presidential historian Thomas Alan Schwartz. Trump has said a Clinton win in the Nov. 8 election would amount to a third term for President Barack Obama. Clinton has embraced many of the policies of her former rival in the 2008 presidential election and campaigned with him this week. Lanhee Chen, who advised 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney and 2016 presidential candidate Marco Rubio, said a more civil discourse in American politics would help to calm people’s general fears.  “I think there’s bigger issue around civility and rhetoric and discourse and how our leaders appeal or don’t appeal to our better angels. That’s really what this is about. I see this as an absence of leadership all around.” ",1
8822,"U.S. Women's Open must leave Trump National, says Burk","(Reuters) - Fourteen years after criticizing Augusta National Golf Club for its all-male membership policy, women’s issues expert Martha Burk has called for next year’s U.S. Women’s Open to be moved from Trump National in New Jersey. In a blog for The Huffington Post on Friday, Burk lambasted tournament organizers, the United States Golf Association, for placing “profit over principle” and added a link to a petition to force the USGA to hold the event elsewhere. “Seems the USGA, no stranger to hypocrisy, refuses to move next year’s U.S. Women’s Open from the Trump-owned Bedminster club, even though the USGA issued a public statement condemning Trump’s racist views after his ‘Mexican rapist’ rant when he announced his candidacy,” Burk wrote. Republican presidential candidate Trump has angered many people with his polarizing words on the campaign trail, including his promise to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexican border, deport 11 million illegal immigrants and temporarily bar Muslims from entering the country. His antagonistic comments have already cost him in the golfing world. The elite PGA Grand Slam of Golf, a 36-hole stroke-play event that features the winners of the season’s four majors, was scrapped last year due to complications over the proposed venue, Trump’s National course in Los Angeles. Last month, the PGA Tour announced that its long-established tournament in Miami would move from Trump’s Doral course to Mexico City next year, a switch prompted by sponsorship issues. With the 2016 U.S. Women’s Open being played this week at CordeValle in San Martin, California, Burk has turned her attention to next year’s edition, even though “the protest is not over exclusionary policies at Bedminster, if there are any”. She wrote: “The objection is to one of the ruling bodies of golf kowtowing to Trump’s overtly racist and sexist views. That shows where the USGA really stands, despite the lip-service-only condemnation a year ago.” The USGA, PGA Tour, LPGA and PGA of America had distanced themselves from Trump’s explosive comments in a joint statement issued last August. Burk referenced the Augusta National controversy, saying “the USGA ignored its prohibition against holding events at clubs that discriminate on the basis of race or gender by standing solidly behind the Trump-like dinos holding the Masters Tournament - even though it was clearly in violation of their own by-laws.” Augusta National’s membership policy had been an issue for years, most notably in 2002 when Burk led a series of protests that prompted a heated war of words with Augusta’s then-chairman Hootie Johnson. “There may well come a day when women will be invited to join our membership, but that timetable will be ours, and not at the point of a bayonet,” Johnson declared at the time. Augusta National, home of the Masters golf tournament, finally ended an all-male policy that had endured for 80 years when it announced in August 2012 that two women would be admitted as members for the first time. Burk, a co-founder of the Center for Advancement of Public Policy, is director of the corporate accountability project for the National Council of Women’s Organizations. ",1
8823,Dallas attack adds to Cleveland concerns before Republican convention,"CLEVELAND (Reuters) - Cleveland police on Friday tightened their security plan for the Republican National Convention after the deadly shootings of police officers in Dallas, increasing surveillance and intelligence operations just 10 days before the convention. Other police departments across the country required officers to patrol in pairs rather than alone following the ambush in Dallas, the deadliest day for police in the United States since the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks on New York and Washington. In Cleveland, the attack raised another potential threat during the July 18-21 convention, when Donald Trump is expected to receive the Republican nomination for president.  The police officers’ labor union, rank-and-file cops and some outside experts had already questioned Cleveland’s preparedness for the convention with the city’s police under federal supervision over use of force. Ten days before the event, Cleveland was still training police officers for duty at the convention, which is expected to draw 50,000 visitors as well as clamorous protests and crown the most contentious presidential candidate in memory. Rather than a security team reinforced by the country’s largest police departments as it hoped, the city has cobbled together 3,000 officers, mostly from state agencies, who will use borrowed and rented equipment. “When the convention was awarded to Cleveland (in 2014), folks weren’t thinking about this.... Yes, there is a generalized worry,” said Matthew Barge, court-appointed monitor for the U.S. Justice Department’s oversight of Cleveland police. Ed Tomba, the city’s deputy police chief and head of convention security, had previously told Reuters he was “very, very confident” in the city’s convention plan. He reiterated that confidence in a telephone interview on Friday in response to the Dallas attack. “We have got to make some changes without a doubt,” Tomba said, mentioning the surveillance of potential threats from street level and farther away.   “We will have plenty of people watching over different locations. We are beefing up the intelligence component, too. They are going to be very, very active,” Tomba said. Police throughout the United States ordered their officers to work in pairs following the shooting in Dallas, including those in New York, Chicago and St. Louis. New York officers will “double up” on all assignments and auxiliary police officers who are unarmed except for night sticks will not be used in the field for the next few days, Police Commissioner William Bratton told a news conference. St. Louis police also will be required to wear ballistic vests when leaving any station for enforcement activities, Chief Sam Dotson said on Twitter. Tomba said he spent part of Friday morning reassuring out-of-town police departments that their officers on loan to Cleveland will be safe during the convention, telling them in an email that “we cannot pull the plan off without them.” Cleveland police union President Steve Loomis has been among the most vocal critics, complaining that front-line officers would be undertrained and poorly equipped.  “They are setting up my guys for failure,” Loomis said before the Dallas attack. Civic leaders have said Cleveland is experiencing a renaissance following decades of decline, and that reputation will be on the line during the convention. Two separate incidents of fatal police shootings in recent years have brought unwelcome national attention to the city. In 2012, 13 Cleveland officers fired 137 shots into the car of an unarmed African-American man and his female passenger, killing both. The U.S. Justice Department investigated and imposed special federal oversight known as a consent decree that remains in force. Then in 2014, four months after the Republicans chose Cleveland for the convention, a white police officer shot dead 12-year-old Tamir Rice, who was black, in a case that became a national focal point for the protest movement Black Lives Matter.  The most recent report from the federal monitor overseeing the Cleveland consent decree portrays a police department where physical infrastructure is strained, with computers and cars “run-down or deficient,” forcing police to pay for repairs out of their own pockets and use their personal vehicles for police  work.  Loomis, the union leader, said half of Cleveland police officers have yet to receive convention training. That number is “probably close,” Tomba said on Thursday. Upon getting the convention, Cleveland asked 200 police departments to send officers, including those from big cities which generally have the best anti-terrorist schooling. Many big cities turned Cleveland down, saying they were unable to spare officers, Tomba said. But Cleveland has exceeded its goal by bringing in 3,000 reinforcements who will receive training at home plus a short course upon arriving, Tomba said. ",1
8824,Florida congresswoman indicted in fraud scheme,"TAMPA, Fla. (Reuters) - A federal grand jury indicted U.S. Representative Corrine Brown of Florida and her chief of staff on fraud charges and other crimes, accusing them of funneling money for a bogus education charity to personal use, U.S. prosecutors said on Friday. The 69-year-old Democrat from Jacksonville, Florida, denied that she had used her political position to help raise more than $800,000 that donors believed supported college scholarships and other educational purposes.  According to the 53-page indictment filed in U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Florida this week, funds donated to the group One Door for Education were used to pay for a golf tournament honoring Brown, luxury box seats at a Beyonce concert, a football game and other personal expenses. Prosecutors noted that the organization was not properly registered as a non-profit group and awarded only two scholarships totaling $1,200. “I am innocent of the charges announced today, and intend to vigorously defend myself in court against these politically motivated allegations,” Brown said in a statement. She said she would temporarily step down from her role as the Ranking Member of the U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Veterans’ Affairs due to House rules. The 24-count indictment also accuses her chief of staff, Elias “Ronnie” Simmons, 50, of multiple counts of fraud. There was no immediate response from Brown’s office to requests for comment from Simmons.  During a court appearance on Friday, Brown and Simmons pleaded not guilty, local media reported. “It is incredibly disappointing that an elected official, who took an oath year after year to serve others, would exploit the needs of children and abuse the charitable hearts of constituents to advance her own personal and political agendas and deliver them with virtually nothing,” Michelle Klimt, special agent in charge of the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation division in Jacksonville, said in a statement. Brown was elected to Congress in 1992 as one of the first three black members of Florida’s congressional delegation since the Reconstruction period following the Civil War. Now seeking re-election, she faces a primary challenge in a redrawn district. Her indictment follows the June conviction of U.S. Representative Chaka Fattah of Philadelphia for orchestrating multiple frauds to enrich himself and preserve his political career. He subsequently resigned. Prosecutors said Simmons misused his position to help a relative obtain government employment and receive more than $735,000 without doing work. They said he diverted more than $80,000 of his relative’s salary for his own personal use. Brown is also accused of falsifying her tax filings. ",1
8825,Options market signals little fear of election-tied volatility,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The November U.S. presidential election is being sold by the major parties as a defining moment for the next generation of Americans. But stock and options traders, often moved to action by political headlines, are responding with a big ‘meh.’ Options bets on volatility around the Nov. 8 election are running lower than could be expected given how stocks have performed in past election cycles, BNP Paribas said. Typically, stock market volatility picks up around presidential elections. Traders use options to guard against outsized market reaction to such events. The CBOE Volatility Index, the most widely followed gauge of near-term investor anxiety, had some big spikes this year, hitting a four-month high after the Brexit vote. But there is little to suggest that November is a big worry for stocks. Investors are focused on the quarterly earnings season starting next week. They might also be taking the view that both the Republican and Democratic prospective nominees would be more favorable for business than the current administration, analysts said. “It’s like the opposite of ‘Alien vs. Predator,’” said Mark Sebastian, chief investment officer at volatility arbitrage hedge fund Karman Line Capital in Chicago, referring to the 2004 American science fiction film which had the tagline ‘whoever wins, we lose.’ “Here, no matter who wins, Wall Street does better,” he said. Despite being called anti-business by some on Wall Street, the Obama administration has been in power over one of the best presidential cycles for stocks on record. Per BNP Paribas data, S&P 500 Index options forward implied volatility, which measures volatility expectations embedded in options, shows no dislocation over the remaining election campaign period. Had there been a big bump-up in this measure for November it would have been a sign that traders were loading up on protective contracts. “The market is not ascribing a large probability to a high volatility scenario over the election period,” said Stewart Warther, an equity derivatives strategist at BNP Paribas. Market-makers, or dealers which quote prices for options, are also not expressing a great deal of anxiety over stock gyrations. If stock volatility does not pick up in November, that would be a departure from the norm, according a BNP Paribas analysis of data going back to 1948. “The shape of the (volatility) curve definitely is upward sloping but it’s not like there is a huge hump out in November,” said Steve Sosnick, an equity risk manager at Timber Hill, the market-making unit of Interactive Brokers Group Inc. “We have seen some demand for options but I would say it’s hardly a frenzy.” ",1
8826,U.S. House panel approves Benghazi report after two-year probe,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives’ special Benghazi committee approved its report on Friday on the attack in Libya that killed four Americans in 2012, but the Republican-led panel set no date for ending its work after a two-year-long investigation. The committee’s chairman, Republican Representative Trey Gowdy, said the panel voted to approve the 800-page report, with seven Republicans in favor and four Democrats opposed, in a closed-door meeting. Republicans had issued the report on June 28. It included no major new revelations about the assault in Benghazi that killed U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans. But it criticized presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, who was secretary of state at the time of the violence, saying both she and her staff showed a “shameful” lack of response to congressional investigators looking into the attack on a U.S. diplomatic compound.  It also accused Clinton’s State Department of failing to protect the Americans killed. Last October, Clinton, already a Democratic presidential candidate, calmly deflected harsh Republican criticism of her handling of the attack during a testy 11-hour hearing before Gowdy’s committee. Democrats have derided the report as a political vendetta against the former secretary of state. Republicans said the committee’s work would not wrap up until materials related to the report are reviewed for classified information and potential perjury claims, which would be referred to the Federal Bureau of Investigation. “If you thought a vote today would be the end of this partisan chapter of our history, you would be wrong,” Representative Elijah Cummings, the ranking Democrat on the panel, said in a statement. “The Select Committee is poised to last for months - perhaps until right before the presidential election - and that appears to be the Republican plan,” Cummings said. Republicans plan more interviews, including one next week with Stephen Hedger, the head of legislative affairs at the Department of Defense, Cummings said. Panel Republicans issued a joint statement calling the investigation “a great privilege and honor.” They urged President Barack Obama’s administration to clear for public release all of the supporting evidence and documents referenced in the report. ",1
8827,U.S. Democrats' infighting over trade pact puts Clinton in middle,"NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Hillary Clinton has found herself in the middle of a fight within the U.S. Democratic Party over the Pacific Rim trade pact, between President Barack Obama, who backs the deal, and opponents whose help is crucial to her White House bid. A showdown over trade is expected on Friday and Saturday when Democratic officials meet in Orlando, Florida, to negotiate language for the party’s 2016 platform, which sets policy priorities intended to guide campaign messages in the Nov. 8 election. Different factions of the party are deadlocked over platform language on the sweeping Trans Pacific Partnership, which Obama hopes to push through the U.S. Congress later this year. The current draft, which will be ratified at the July 25-28 Democratic convention in Philadelphia, acknowledges “a diversity of views” over the TPP. While the platform is not binding for candidates, it is a symbol of a party’s core values. Labor unions and other TPP critics have called for a clear condemnation of the pact, which they fear could lead to steep U.S. job losses in manufacturing. But some Democrats say that would risk undercutting Obama. U.S. Representative Luis Gutierrez of Illinois, a Clinton appointee to the platform committee, told the Washington Post that while he had a long history of opposing trade pacts, he did not want Democrats on the other side of the issue to think they are not important. Gutierrez also said he thought “disregarding the position of the president of the United States” was not right. The intra-party rift has created a quandary for Clinton, the Democrats’ presumptive nominee. She has staked out opposition to the TPP during her campaign after supporting it while she was secretary of state in the Obama administration. Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has accused her of waffling on trade. Trump has strongly condemned the deal, calling it “horrible.” If Clinton embraces platform language condemning the TPP, it would please unions while causing difficulties for Obama, one of her most enthusiastic supporters. Moreover, if the platform committee cannot come up with language that satisfies Bernie Sanders, the U.S. senator from Vermont who had also sought the nomination and still wields considerable clout, the fight might drag into the Philadelphia convention and create a messy spectacle where Democrats will formally nominate Clinton for the White House. Labor unions told the Clinton campaign of their frustrations in a closed-door meeting on June 30. One of a series of occasional sessions to update unions supporting her on campaign staffing, logistics and other issues, it concluded with a brief question-and-answer session where AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka asked about the pact. “The (platform’s) language now is unacceptable,” Hasan Solomon, the legislative director of the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers, told Reuters. The machinists were the first industrial union to endorse Clinton and remain strong backers of her candidacy. Union activists aligned with Sanders were even more blunt. “When I saw the language, my reaction was: ‘What are they thinking?’” said Rafael Navar, national political director for the Communications Workers of America, which endorsed Sanders. “The only way to challenge Trump’s appeal to millions of working-class voters in critical swing states is to be 100 percent crystal clear on opposing TPP and other job-killing trade deals.” Many union activists also voiced their opposition to the deal to Paul Booth, executive assistant to the president of the American Federation of State, County & Municipal Employees, at a private June 1 meeting hosted by the AFL-CIO. Booth is among the platform drafting committee members suggested by Clinton. To push for changes to the TPP platform language, Sanders has encouraged his millions of supporters in emails and texts to register their dissatisfaction. But Obama’s support for the deal makes it hard for the party to come out against it too forcefully, said Jamal Simmons, a Democratic political consultant with the Raben Group.  Meanwhile, the platform committee expects more amendments to be offered in Orlando.  “The point of this process,” said committee spokeswoman Dana Vickers Shelley, “is to hear what people’s concerns are.” ",1
8828,U.S. Representative Brown charged with fraud: Justice Department,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Representative Corrine Brown, a Democrat from Florida, and her chief of staff were indicted on Friday for their roles in a scheme involving a fraudulent education charity, the U.S. Justice Department said. The department said Brown and Elias Simmons were charged in a 24-count indictment with participating in a conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud, theft of government property, filing false tax returns and other crimes. ",1
8829,Justice Department opens criminal probe into black Louisiana man's death,"BATON ROUGE, La. (Reuters) - The U.S. Justice Department has opened a criminal investigation into the fatal police shooting of a black man in Louisiana’s capital, the state’s governor said on Thursday, as two deadly encounters between law enforcement and black men triggered protests in the United States. The probe comes as community leaders in Baton Rouge urged authorities to conduct a full-scale criminal probe of two white police officers over the slaying of Alton Sterling, 37, on Tuesday.  “I want you to know that a criminal investigation is under way. It is being led by the U.S. Department of Justice,” Louisiana Governor Jon Bel Edwards told hundreds of people at Living Faith Cathedral in Baton Rouge on Thursday evening.  “We are going to come out of this tragedy stronger and more united than ever,” he added. Sterling was pinned to the ground and fatally shot in the chest outside a convenience store after the officers responded to what police said was a call about a black man reported to have made threats with a gun. The Justice Department said on Wednesday it would conduct a civil rights investigation into Sterling’s death.  The city’s mayor and police chief welcomed the move, but community leaders said they worried the probe would be too limited and urged authorities to consider all possible federal and state criminal charges against officers Blane Salamoni and Howie Lake. “We don’t want this to be a narrow investigation,” Edgar Cage, a spokesman for the community organization Together Baton Rouge, said at a church earlier on Thursday. “We plan to use this tragic event as a tool, a stimulant to change the culture.” President Barack Obama said in a statement he had full confidence in the Justice Department’s ability to conduct a “thoughtful, thorough and fair inquiry” into Sterling’s death. Citing an unnamed law enforcement official, CNN reported on Thursday that a homeless man placed the 911 call after seeking money from Sterling, who was selling CDs outside the store. The 300-pound (135-kg) Sterling showed the man his gun and said to leave him alone, the official told CNN. Reuters could not independently confirm that account with Baton Rouge police, who did not respond to a request for comment. Sterling, a father of five, had several criminal convictions since the mid-1990s for battery, resisting arrest, burglary and other crimes. He was a registered sex offender after spending nearly four years in prison on a charge he had sex with a 14-year-old girl when he was 20. COMMUNITY-POLICE CHASM Sterling’s death was the first of two fatal police shootings of black men in two days. Philando Castile was shot and killed by a police officer during a traffic stop on Wednesday near Minneapolis. The shootings and videos showing their bloody aftermath have sparked protests, including an overnight rally in Baton Rouge that drew about 300 people who stood in a peaceful vigil near the Triple S Food Mart where Sterling was killed. Obama said that “all Americans should be deeply troubled” by the two deaths, which he said were indicative of wider problems in the U.S. criminal justice system. At the Baton Rouge church on Thursday, Edwards said there would be a new focus on training and retraining in the police department, and stressed the need to introduce people to the police at an early age.  His words appeared to address concerns voiced by many community leaders in recent days about a chasm between the black community and the police.  Video recorded by a bystander’s cellphone showed an officer confronting Sterling and ordering him to the ground. The two officers then tackled him to the pavement, with one pulling a gun from his holster and pointing it at Sterling’s chest. One officer shot Sterling five times at close range, and the other took something from his pants pocket as he was dying, another video recorded by Abdullah Muflahi, owner of the store where Sterling was killed in the parking lot, showed. Police said Sterling was armed. Muflahi said in an interview that police took a gun out of Sterling’s pocket after shooting him. Officers Lake and Salamoni have been put on administrative leave, police said. In Lake’s three years and Salamoni’s four years on the force, both have been cleared by the police department after prior complaints against them regarding use of force, the Advocate newspaper reported, citing records. The deaths of Sterling and Castile were the latest in a string of incidents in recent years involving police treatment of black men and boys in cities including Baltimore, Chicago, New York and Cleveland. ",1
8830,Obama says more must be done to address U.S. police shootings,"WARSAW, Poland (Reuters) - President Barack Obama on Friday made an impassioned plea for the nation to do more to address the combative relationship between local police forces and the black and Hispanic communities they serve, after the shootings of two black men by police in Minnesota and Louisiana in two days. “When incidents like this occur, there’s a big chunk of our fellow citizenry that feels as if because of the color of their skin they are not being treated the same,” Obama said shortly after landing early Friday morning in Warsaw, Poland, for a NATO summit. “And that should trouble all of us. This is not just a black issue. It’s not just a Hispanic issue. This is an American issue that we should all care about,” he said. The deaths of Philando Castile at a traffic stop in Falcon Heights, Minnesota, and Alton Sterling outside a convenience store in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, were the latest in a string of shootings that have led to calls for a revamp in the way police interact with the black community. Citing statistics that show that blacks are more likely to be killed by police officers and receive harsher sentences than their white counterparts, Obama said it is “incumbent on all of us to say we can do better than this.” A White House task force on better policing tactics issued recommendations last year on how to improve community relations with law enforcement. Obama encouraged local police forces to adopt the practices outlined by the task force, saying that less distrust of police would help to keep officers safe and lead to less deadly shootings by authorities. Critics of the push to reform local police tactics have charged that Obama has not shown enough concern about police officers who are shot in the line of duty. Obama repeatedly stressed that he believes that most police officers do their jobs without bias and that addressing complaints about police brutality would not undermine law enforcement. “When people say black lives matter, that doesn’t mean blue lives don’t matter. It just means that all lives matter, but right now the big concern is the fact that data shows black folks are more vulnerable to these kinds of attacks,” he said. Earlier on Thursday, Obama issued a Facebook post urging the nation to address the “appearance or reality of racial bias” in policing. ",1
8831,U.S. GMO food labeling bill passes Senate,"(Reuters) - The U.S. Senate on Thursday approved legislation that would for the first time require food to carry labels listing genetically-modified ingredients, which labeling supporters say could create loopholes for some U.S. crops. The Senate voted 63-30 for the bill that would display GMO contents with words, pictures or a bar code that can be scanned with smartphones. The U.S. Agriculture Department (USDA) would decide which ingredients would be considered genetically modified. The measure now goes to the House of Representatives, where it is expected to pass. Drawing praise from farmers, the bill sponsored by Republican Senator Pat Roberts of Kansas and Democrat Senator Debbie Stabenow of Michigan is the latest attempt to introduce a national standard that would override state laws, including Vermont’s that some say is more stringent, and comes amid growing calls from consumers for greater transparency. “This bipartisan bill ensures that consumers and families throughout the United States will have access, for the first time ever, to information about their food through a mandatory, nationwide label for food products with GMOs,” Stabenow said in a statement. A nationwide standard is favored by the food industry, which says state-by-state differences could inflate costs for labeling and distribution. But mandatory GMO labeling of any kind would still be seen as a loss for Big Food, which has spent millions lobbying against it. Farmers lobbied against the Vermont law, worrying that labeling stigmatizes GMO crops and could hurt demand for food containing those ingredients, but have applauded this law.     Critics like Senator Bernie Sanders, an independent from Vermont, say the bill’s vague language and allowance for electronic labels for scanning could limit its scope and create confusion. “When parents go to the store and purchase food, they have the right to know what is in the food their kids are going to be eating,” Sanders said on the floor of the Senate ahead of the vote. He said at a news conference this week that major food manufacturers have already begun labeling products with GMO ingredients to meet the new law in his home state. Another opponent of the bill, Democratic Senator Jeff Merkley of Oregon, said it would institute weak federal requirements making it virtually impossible for consumers to access information about GMOs. Food ingredients like beet sugar and soybean oil, which can be derived from genetically-engineered crops but contain next to no genetic material by the time they are processed, may not fall under the law’s definition of a bioengineered food, critics say. GMO corn may also be excluded thanks to ambiguous language, some said. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) raised concerns about the involvement of the USDA in a list of worries sent in a June 27 memo to the Senate Agriculture Committee. In a letter to Stabenow last week, the USDA’s general counsel tried to quell those worries, saying it would include commercially-grown GMO corn, soybeans, sugar and canola crops. The vast majority of corn, soybeans and sugar crops in the United States are produced from genetically-engineered seeds. The domestic sugar market has been strained by rising demand for non-GMO ingredients like cane sugar. The United States is the world’s largest market for foods made with genetically altered ingredients. Many popular processed foods are made with soybeans, corn and other biotech crops whose genetic traits have been manipulated, often to make them resistant to insects and pesticides. “It’s fair to say that it’s not the ideal bill, but it is certainly the bill that can pass, which is the most important right now,” said American Soybean Association’s (ASA) director of policy communications Patrick Delaney. The association was part of the Coalition for Safe and Affordable Food, which lobbied for what labeling supporters termed the Deny Americans the Right to Know, or DARK Act, that would have made labeling voluntary. It was blocked by the Senate in March. ",1
8832,State Department to conduct internal probe of Clinton email case,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department said on Thursday it will conduct an internal review of whether Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and her aides mishandled classified information, after the Justice Department declined to bring criminal charges. The State Department said in April it had suspended plans for an internal review at the request of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, which conducted a yearlong probe of Clinton’s use of private email servers while she was secretary of state. “Given the Department of Justice has now made its announcement, the State Department intends to conduct its internal review,” State Department spokesman John Kirby said in a statement. “I cannot provide specific information about the Department’s review, including what information we are evaluating. We will aim to be as expeditious as possible, but we will not put artificial deadlines on the process,” he said. On Wednesday, U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch said she would accept the recommendations of the FBI not to bring criminal charges against Clinton, the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee for the Nov. 8 election. FBI Director James Comey said on Tuesday Clinton had been “extremely careless” in the handling of classified information, and Republicans have criticized the decision not to prosecute. Comey told a congressional hearing on Thursday that FBI employees who mishandled classified material in the way Clinton did as secretary of state could be subject to dismissal or loss of security clearance. ",1
8833,Obama says confident Britain will have orderly Brexit transition: FT,"LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama said he was confident that Britain and the European Union would be able to agree an orderly transition to a new relationship after last month’s Brexit vote. “As difficult as it will be, I am confident that the UK and the EU will be able to agree on an orderly transition to a new relationship,” Obama said in an article for the Financial Times, calling upon NATO to stand united against global challenges. “The special relationship between the US and the UK will endure. I have no doubt that the UK will remain one of Nato’s most capable members.” Obama urged NATO to unite following Britain’s June 23 vote to leave the EU and stressed that the alliance between the United States and its closest ally in Europe would endure Brexit. ",1
8834,FBI chief says his staff would face discipline for handling emails the way Clinton did,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - FBI Director James Comey told U.S. lawmakers on Thursday that FBI employees who mishandled classified material in the way Hillary Clinton did as secretary of state could be subject to dismissal or loss of security clearance.   Comey addressed the issue at a House of Representatives committee hearing that lasted nearly five hours after House Speaker Paul Ryan said in a letter to Director of National Intelligence James Clapper that Clinton should be denied classified briefings during her campaign for the presidency. Comey, who said on Tuesday he would not recommend that the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee face criminal charges, was asked at the hearing if Clinton should face administrative punishment for the way she handled her email. “I don’t think that’s for me to recommend,” he said. Comey did say his employees in the Federal Bureau of Investigation would face discipline for the same behavior. “They might get fired, they might lose their clearance, it might get suspended for 30 days,” Comey said. “There would be some discipline.” Presidential candidates normally get access to classified information once they are formally nominated. As director of the FBI, Comey does not have the authority to revoke Clinton’s security privileges. A group of Republican senators on Thursday asked the State Department to immediately suspend clearances for Clinton and several current and former aides based on the agency’s findings.  The State Department said on Thursday it would conduct an internal review of Clinton’s handling of the emails now that the FBI investigation was over. The department said in April it had suspended plans for a review at the FBI’s request. “I cannot provide specific information about the Department’s review, including what information we are evaluating. We will aim to be as expeditious as possible, but we will not put artificial deadlines on the process,” State Department spokesman John Kirby said in a statement. A Clinton spokesman on Thursday criticized the congressional hearing for its “partisan motivations,” and expressed confidence that Comey’s testimony had shut down any lingering “conspiracy theories” on the matter.  “Director Comey’s testimony clearly knocked down a number of false Republican talking points and reconciled apparent contradictions between his previous remarks and Hillary Clinton’s public statements,” spokesman Brian Fallon said in a statement.  The issue of Clinton’s use of private email servers has cast a cloud over her campaign for the Nov. 8 presidential election, raising questions among voters about her trustworthiness and judgment and giving her Republican presidential rival, Donald Trump, an avenue of attack. Comey’s testimony marked the first time he took questions publicly since his announcement the FBI was not recommending charges against Clinton. U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch accepted the FBI recommendation and was to appear at another hearing next Tuesday.  Comey had disappointed some Republicans by only rebuking Clinton, not recommending charges against her, for what he called her “extremely careless” handling of classified information while using private email servers.  Under persistent questioning at the hearing of the House Oversight Committee, Comey said Clinton did not break the law. “The question I always look at is, is there evidence that would establish beyond a reasonable doubt that somebody engaged in conduct that violated a criminal statute. And my judgment here is there is not,” Comey said.    Comey also said Clinton knew her email server at her home in Chappaqua, New York, was not authorized to receive classified information. But Clinton may not have had sufficiently sophisticated understanding to know the emails that passed through her personal server were classified, Comey said. Only three of the FBI-reviewed emails were explicitly marked as classified and those were marked with a “C” in the body of the email, not in the header, he said. Comey said his FBI team conducted its investigation of Clinton “in an apolitical and professional way” and he had no reason to believe she had lied to the FBI. Clinton had said publicly she never sent or received any classified information. “I think there is a legitimate concern that there is a double standard, if your name isn’t Clinton or you are not part of the powerful elite that Lady Justice will act differently,” U.S. Representative Jason Chaffetz, chairman of the House Oversight Committee, said to Comey at the beginning of the hearing. A Democratic member of the committee, Representative Elijah Cummings of Maryland, defended Comey’s actions by saying: “I firmly believe your decision was based on conviction, not convenience.” Comey, a Republican who was appointed by Democratic President Barack Obama and also served in the administration of former Republican President George W. Bush, has built a reputation as a straight shooter who does not bend to pressure from either party. He has differed sharply with the Obama administration, including over the case of General David Petraeus, who pleaded guilty after he knowingly shared classified information with his biographer and lover. Comey recommended Petraeus be charged with a felony, but then-Attorney General Eric Holder downgraded the charge to a misdemeanor. The hearing took place as Trump met with Republican lawmakers on Capitol Hill to get them behind his candidacy, discussing a variety of issues, including his campaign style. “I’m going to make you proud,” Trump told House Republicans, according to a participant, Representative Bill Flores. ",1
8835,Trump stars and spars with Republican lawmakers,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump endured some blunt exchanges when he met Republican members of Congress on Thursday but several lawmakers, including past critics, emerged with encouraging words about their presumptive White House nominee. Republican aides cited good attendance from both houses of Congress at the two closed-door meetings, even though some lawmakers made a point of staying away, citing previous commitments. The New York businessman-turned-politician has sought in speeches and meetings in recent weeks to unite the party behind his unorthodox candidacy and to reassure Republican leaders about his conservative credentials. In a Miami speech on Friday, Trump will say the economic policies of Democrats like President Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton, the party’s presumptive nominee, have harmed minorities, said Steve Moore, a Trump economic policy adviser.   Trump drew 41 of 54 Republican senators to the U.S. Senate meeting where he called out three senators who had been critical of his candidacy, according to Republican aides familiar with the meeting. Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort said the meetings with lawmakers were positive and productive, adding characterizations of discord “attributed to unnamed sources, are wholly inaccurate.”   Trump also met privately with Senator Ted Cruz, his former rival for the Republican nomination. They did not discuss an endorsement but Cruz did accept Trump’s invitation to speak at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland the week of July 18, Cruz spokeswoman Catherine Frazier said. At the first session on Thursday, with members of the House of Representatives, Trump shared a hug with House Speaker Paul Ryan, a Republican who has often criticized Trump even while endorsing him, lawmakers said. They joked a bit about some of their past exchanges during an hour-long session, and Trump took questions. “I’m going to make you proud,” Representative Bill Flores quoted Trump as saying. Trump won grassroots support during months of state-by-state nominating contests for the Nov. 8 election with a pledge to ban Muslims temporarily from entering the United States and to build a wall on the U.S. border with Mexico. He regularly annoys party leaders with inflammatory remarks. Flores, a Texan who heads the Republican Study Committee, the largest conservative grouping in Congress, had criticized Trump, including for having questioned a U.S. judge’s motives because of his Mexican ethnicity. Flores had said he wanted to see “more vision and less trash talk” from the presumptive nominee. After Thursday’s session, Flores said he felt better about Trump. “Based on what I have heard today, I’ve got the confidence that you are going to see a lot more in terms of visionary messaging,” Flores said. “Today was extremely positive,” said New York Republican Peter King, another representative who has criticized Trump. “There was not one negative moment.” But not everyone was won over. “I need to be persuaded,” said Representative Charlie Dent, a moderate Republican from Pennsylvania who said he would not support either Trump or  Clinton. Trump’s session with Republican senators sounded more turbulent. The Washington Post reported details of a combative exchange between Trump and Senator Jeff Flake, an Arizona Republican who has expressed concern that Trump’s comments on immigration will cause Hispanic voters in the state to reject him. When Flake stood up and introduced himself, Trump told him, “You’ve been very critical of me,” the Post said. “Yes, I’m the other senator from Arizona — the one who didn’t get captured — and I want to talk to you about statements like that,” Flake responded, referring to Trump’s past dismissal of Senator John McCain’s record as a prisoner during the Vietnam war. The senator urged Trump to stop attacking Mexicans; Trump predicted that Flake would lose his re-election, at which point Flake informed Trump that Flake was not up for re-election this year. Flake’s spokesman Jason Samuels said the Post account was accurate. Trump also turned to Senator Ben Sasse of Nebraska, who has refused to endorse him, and “said something along the lines of ‘Surely you don’t want Clinton,’” one Republican aide said of the session. Trump said he would win also in Illinois, the home state of a third Republican critic, Senator Mark Kirk, who is in a tight re-election race and recently withdrew his endorsement of Trump. “He’s wrong,” Kirk told reporters several hours later. “I think Trump is going to get a vote like Alan Keyes got, which is about 28 percent,” Kirk said, referring to the Republican who ran unsuccessfully for senator against Obama in Illinois in 2004.   Trump’s Twitter posting as he left Washington showed no sign of discord. “Very interesting day! These are people who love our country!” he tweeted. ",1
8836,U.S. Democrats pressure Republicans for bipartisan Zika funding,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House and congressional Democrats pressured Republicans on Thursday for bipartisan Zika-funding legislation, saying the public health battle against the mosquito-borne virus is being undercut by efforts to ram through a bill with less funding. But there was no sign that Republicans would abandon their $1.1 billion measure, raising the chance that Congress will leave the growing health crisis unattended until September.  In a conference call, the director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said the lack of funding has made it difficult for the health agency to ramp up mosquito-control and diagnostic testing and pursue new research. President Barack Obama asked the Republican-controlled Congress in February for $1.9 billion in emergency funding to fight Zika. But as lawmakers prepare to leave for a seven-week recess on July 15, Senate Democrats who defeated the Republican measure last week predict it will only fail again. “We are at the 11th hour and 59th minute before Congress is gone all summer,” said Democratic Senator Bill Nelson of Florida, which is among a number of southern U.S. states likely to be hard-hit by the Zika virus. U.S. health officials say Zika infections in pregnant women can cause microcephaly, a birth defect marked by small head size that can lead to severe developmental problems in babies.  Over the past few days, Obama has urged Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell and Senate Democrats to adopt a bipartisan approach. On Thursday, Democrats called on McConnell and House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan to revive a bipartisan measure that passed the Senate in May. McConnell has said he would stick with the current legislation, which was agreed by House and Senate negotiators and has already passed the House.  A senior Senate Republican aide dismissed the call for change as “cover” for Democratic efforts to block the Republican measure. A Ryan spokeswoman said: “We hope Senate Democrats do the right thing and end their filibuster.” Even some Democratic aides expressed skepticism that McConnell or Ryan would change course.        The CDC is monitoring 320 pregnant U.S. women with laboratory evidence of Zika infection. In Puerto Rico, where Zika has been rampant for months, as many as 50 pregnant women are infected every day, CDC Director Thomas Frieden said. Altogether, there are more than 1,130 Zika cases in the United States, the CDC said. All contracted the virus outside the United States, in a lab or through unprotected sex.  Frieden said the CDC has spent most of the $222 million it has received for Zika in the United States on state and municipal efforts, funding, staffing and equipment. “It’s frankly difficult to navigate with so many unknowns,” Frieden said. “That’s why we haven’t been able to do things like begin ramping up centers of excellence to improve the performance of diagnostic tests, of mosquito control and to begin some of the really in-depth studies.” Additional funding would also aid vaccine research and help community health centers in areas with the highest Zika transmission rates.  The Republican measure failed in the Senate on June 28 when Democrats objected to Republican provisions, including one to prevent Planned Parenthood from receiving funds to combat what can be sexually transmitted infection. The legislation would also take money from battling the Ebola virus and from funds set aside to implement the Obamacare health insurance program in U.S. territories. “They’ll force yet another failed vote on this cynical legislation and then pack their bags for the longest Senate vacation since 1954,” Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid said. The World Health Organization has said there is strong scientific consensus that Zika can also cause Guillain-Barre, a rare neurological syndrome that causes temporary paralysis in adults. The connection between Zika and microcephaly first came to light last fall in Brazil, which has now confirmed more than 1,600 cases of microcephaly that it considers to be related to Zika infections in the mothers. ",1
8837,Sanders expected to endorse Clinton on Tuesday: New York Times,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democrat Bernie Sanders is expected to endorse presidential rival Hillary Clinton on Tuesday at a campaign event in New Hampshire, The New York Times reported on Thursday. Citing three Democrats who have been involved in the planning, the Times said the endorsement was partly the result of daily talks between the candidates’ campaign managers about bringing them together and advancing Sanders’ policy priorities. The Sanders campaign declined to comment. Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, has resisted endorsing Clinton in a show of party unity since she clinched the Democratic nomination last month. Sanders chose to continue his campaign as leverage to win concessions on his liberal policy agenda and reforms to the Democratic Party nominating process. In a speech to supporters last month, Sanders vowed to help Clinton defeat Republican Donald Trump in the Nov. 8 election but did not end his campaign. Sanders risked being left behind, however, as other prominent Democrats have rallied around Clinton, including President Barack Obama, Vice President Joe Biden and U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren, a favorite of the party’s liberal wing. Clinton, who shifted to the left under pressure from Sanders during the campaign, adopted another of his issues on Wednesday when she proposed eliminating tuition at public colleges and universities for in-state students whose families earn less than $125,000 annually. Sanders’ endorsement is expected to ensure he has a prominent speaking slot at the Democratic convention later this month, the Times quoted the three Democrats as saying. ",1
8838,"Obama to broach Syria, Russia, Brexit at NATO summit: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama will speak with European leaders about the Syrian refugee crisis, Russia and Ukraine, and the aftermath of Britain’s decision to pull out of the EU during the NATO summit on Friday, the White House said. Speaking with reporters aboard Air Force One on Thursday en route to the summit in Warsaw, White House spokesman Josh Earnest also said Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin did not reach any agreement for new cooperation in Syria during a phone call they held on Wednesday.  ",1
8839,"Trump adviser, on Moscow visit, dodges questions about U.S. policy on Russia","MOSCOW (Reuters) - A foreign-policy adviser to U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump avoided all questions about how the United States should shape its policy toward Russia on a visit to Moscow on Thursday. Carter Page said at a lecture he gave to students and business figures organized by Moscow’s New Economic School that he did not want to comment on the U.S. election campaign. Page declined to say whether he was planning to meet anyone from the Kremlin, the Russian government or Foreign Ministry during his visit. Trump, the front-runner for the Republican nomination for the U.S. presidential election, has made contradictory comments about Russia but made headlines with warm words for President Vladimir Putin.  Putin called Trump “very talented”, fuelling speculation the Kremlin would be pleased to see Trump in the White House, but later rowed back from those comments. In his lecture on Thursday, Trump’s adviser Page said Western governments had often had a hypocritical focus on democratization, corruption and inequality in the post-Soviet world. He also accused the United States and its partners of “proactive steps to encourage regime change overseas”. “This may understandably advance a certain level of insecurity,” Page said. Relations between the United States and Russia have deteriorated sharply under U.S. leader Barack Obama, undermined by disagreements over the conflicts in Ukraine and Syria. The Obama administration imposed sanctions on Russia in 2014 over Russia’s annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea region and fights on the opposing side of the five-year-old Syrian civil war. Page worked in Russia for U.S. investment bank Merrill Lynch in the mid-2000s and said in an interview with Bloomberg in March that he was an investor in Russian gas producer Gazprom. ",1
8840,U.S. lawmakers blast Obama administration over ex-Guantanamo prisoner,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. lawmakers sharply criticized President Barack Obama’s administration on Thursday over the disappearance of a former Guantanamo detainee, calling for an end to transfers from the prison because of fears former prisoners could launch attacks on Americans. They also raised concerns about reports that Jihad Diyab, a Syrian among six detainees resettled in Uruguay in December 2014, has disappeared and may now be in Brazil. Obama is working to close the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay, where terrorism suspects have been held for 15 years, by transferring detainees not considered security threats to foreign countries. Republican lawmakers worry that the Obama administration is so eager to close the prison before he leaves office in January that it is sending detainees to countries that cannot ensure they will not return to the battlefield by joining militant groups that target Americans and U.S. allies. “You’re talking about detainees who have every intent of killing American families,” Republican Representative Joe Wilson of South Carolina said at a House of Representatives Foreign Affairs Committee hearing. The administration has considered sending Guantanamo detainees to a prison in South Carolina. The New York Times reported that Diyab said last month he was going on a religious retreat that would last into next week, and would be unreachable by telephone or email. Since then, some Uruguayan officials said they lost track of him and suggested he may have traveled to Brazil, the newspaper reported. “Many countries just aren’t up to the job,” said Republican Representative Ed Royce, the committee’s chairman. “... Yet the administration has sent Guantanamo terrorists to these countries anyway.” Republican and some Democratic committee members sharply questioned Lee Wolosky, the State Department’s special envoy for closing the Guantanamo detention center, and Paul Lewis, his Pentagon counterpart. Representative Jeff Duncan, another South Carolina Republican, said Diyab, charged with forging passports for al Qaeda, could pose a threat to the upcoming Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, if he were indeed at large in that country. The committee’s ranking Democrat, Representative Eliot Engel, who backs the closure of the detention center in Cuba, said it was important to keep the issue in perspective. “Under no circumstances, in my opinion, is the Obama administration simply opening the gate and releasing dangerous terrorists onto the street,” Engel said.   Lewis and Wolosky said only 5 percent of detainees transferred since Obama became president have been confirmed to have returned to the battlefield. The percentage was higher for the over 500 released under President George W. Bush. There are currently 79 detainees at Guantanamo, of whom 29 are eligible for transfer. Wolosky acknowledged Diyab had been “difficult” from the time he was transferred to Uruguay. According to the Times, Diyab’s friends and supporters say he is off praying and will re-emerge soon. Obama has been trying to make good on his 2009 pledge to close the facility. But Congress has passed laws making it more difficult to do so, chiefly by barring transfers to U.S. prisons. Lawmakers are unlikely to lift those restrictions, especially in an election year. They have proposed even tighter controls on transfers in a fiscal 2017 defense policy bill, one reason Obama has threatened a veto. Guantanamo opponents say holding prisoners for years without charge or trial goes against fundamental U.S. values and since they are Muslims, is a recruiting tool for Islamist militants. Many Republicans insist the prison is an essential tool for handling suspects who threaten the United States. Donald Trump, the party’s presumptive 2016 presidential nominee, has called for the prison’s expansion. ",1
8841,House Speaker Ryan: all options on table over Democrats' gun sit-in,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday “all options” were being considered over the possible discipline of House Democrats for protests they held on the House floor to call for action on gun-control measures. With Democrats already rejecting a Republican gun bill and warning of further protests, the Republican-controlled House appeared to be heading for renewed discord over gun restrictions following the June 12 mass shooting at a gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida. Ryan, who was speaking at a news conference, had previously said the House would vote this week on a measure intended to keep guns out of the hands of people the government suspects of involvement in violent extremism. But it is no longer clear when a vote might be held. Democrats say the Republican-backed legislation is inadequate because authorities would have only three days to convince a judge that a gun sale should be blocked. ",1
8842,IMF's Lagarde warns against Trump-style protectionism: FT,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde warned in an interview published on Thursday that anti-trade policies like those championed by Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump risked a protectionist movement that could severely damage global growth. Lagarde told the Financial Times that with Britain’s vote to leave the European Union already casting a shadow over global growth, the imposition of new trade barriers in another larger economy could have “disastrous” effects. “I think it would be quite disastrous, actually. Well I don’t think I should say disastrous because that is an excessive word and I should refrain from excessive words. But it would certainly have a negative impact on global growth,” she told the FT in response to a question about such policies. The newspaper said that while Lagarde made clear her negative views of anti-trade rhetoric and policies, she refrained from referring to Trump by name or singling out any politician. Lagarde also told the FT that she doubted that a prolonged period of uncertainty over Britain’s exit, without triggering formal separation negotiations, would be politically sustainable. “We want to see clarity sooner rather than later because we think that a lack of clarity feeds uncertainty, which itself undermines investment appetites and decision making,” Lagarde told the newspaper. In a separate interview with Agence France Presse, Lagarde said Brexit was unlikely to cause a world recession, adding that the immediate effects would hurt the UK, with some spillover to the euro area. She told AFP that proposals in Britain to cut corporate tax rates to 15 percent from 20 percent to counter the damage caused by the UK’s EU divorce was a “race to the bottom” that would hurt other economies. ",1
8843,"FBI director says Clinton did not lie, break law in email handling","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - FBI Director James Comey told lawmakers on Thursday that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton did not lie to the FBI about her handling of emails as secretary of state and did not break the law. Comey told a Republican-led oversight panel in the U.S. House of Representatives that no reasonable prosecutor would charge Clinton with a crime over her use of private email servers while she was secretary of state, some of which were used to transmit classified information.  ",1
8844,U.S. House speaker asks that Clinton be denied classified data,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Top Republicans in the U.S. Congress pressed for sanctions on Thursday against Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton for mishandling classified information, with House Speaker Paul Ryan formally asking she be denied such information during the campaign. Ryan, the top Republican in the House of Representatives, sent a letter to Director of National Intelligence James Clapper saying denying Clinton access to classified information would be an appropriate sanction for her mishandling of classified data while she was secretary of state. Ten Republican senators said on Thursday they had written Secretary of State John Kerry asking that the State Department immediately suspend security clearances of Clinton and aides Huma Abedin, Cheryl Mills, Jake Sullivan and other former State Department employees for security violations. The calls for sanctions against Clinton come after FBI Director James Comey rebuked her on Tuesday for “extremely careless” handling of classified information while using private email servers for business while secretary of state during President Barack Obama’s first term. Comey recommended no criminal charges be filed but indicated administrative sanctions could be taken against Clinton or her aides. Attorney General Loretta Lynch on Wednesday accepted Comey’s recommendation that no criminal charges were warranted and closed the case. Republican lawmakers and Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump have expressed outrage that the case was not being pursued. Ryan, in a letter dated Wednesday, formally asked Clapper to “refrain from providing any classified information to former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for the duration of her candidacy for president” because of the FBI’s findings. The letter was obtained by Reuters from a source familiar with the matter. Ryan, a Republican vice presidential candidate in 2012, said he was aware Clinton would begin receiving classified intelligence briefings after the Democratic National Convention if she is formally nominated as expected. Presidential candidates are customarily provided such briefings. “Given the FBI’s findings, denying Secretary Clinton access to classified information certainly constitutes appropriate sanctions,” Ryan said in the letter. Republican senators, including former Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio, said in their letter to Kerry that it was clear from Comey’s comments on Tuesday that Clinton and her aides should have their security clearances immediately suspended if they still have them. “There is simply no excuse for Hillary Clinton’s decision to set up a home-cooked email system which left sensitive and classified national security information vulnerable to theft and exploitation by America’s enemies,” the letter said. ",1
8845,"U.S. attorney general closes Clinton email probe, says no charges","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The investigation into Hillary Clinton’s use of private email while secretary of state is closed, U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch said on Wednesday, removing a legal cloud that threatened the presumptive Democratic nominee’s presidential bid.   Lynch said she accepted the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s recommendations that no charges be brought in the probe, as Republicans made clear they would not let Clinton’s email headaches fade away easily. “I received and accepted their unanimous recommendation that the thorough, year-long investigation be closed and that no charges be brought against any individuals within the scope of the investigation,” Lynch said in a statement. With the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential and congressional elections beginning to heat up, Republicans called on the administration to make public key documents in the Clinton email case. Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee for president, speaking at a campaign rally in Cincinnati, Ohio, accused Clinton, his likely Democratic opponent, of bribing Lynch to decide not to press charges. He was referring to reports, including in the New York Times  this week, that Clinton, if elected president, might ask Lynch to stay on as attorney general. “She said she’s going to reappoint the attorney general and the attorney general is waiting to make a determination as to whether or not she’s guilty. And boy was that a fast determination, wow,” Trump said, adding, “That’s bribery folks.” On Capitol Hill, Representative Steve Scalise, the No. 3 House of Representatives Republican, reacted to Lynch’s announcement by proclaiming: “Secretary Clinton broke the law and lied about it.” Senior Senate Republicans insisted that the FBI’s investigation be made available to the public, including a transcript of the more than three hours Clinton spent last Saturday in an interview conducted by the agency. Shortly before Lynch’s announcement, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told reporters, “I think the next step...is to compare what Hillary Clinton said to the FBI with what Hillary Clinton’s been saying to all of us over the last couple of years during this controversy.” In a blistering attack on Clinton, John Cornyn of Texas, the second-ranking Senate Republican, said on the Senate floor: “The bottom line is Secretary Clinton actively sought out ways to hide her actions as much as possible” by using a private email account while heading the State Department. “And in so doing, she put our country at risk” by leaving those emails vulnerable to computer hackers. Democrats have questioned Republicans’ motives and accused them of squandering taxpayer dollars with lengthy investigations that have failed to uncover illegal activities. “Republicans are in such desperate shape because of Trump (that) they would seize upon anything” to divert attention, said Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid. And Senator Patrick Leahy, the senior Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee, said in a statement following Lynch’s announcement: “This investigation is closed and that should be the end of this matter.” On Tuesday, Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey said Clinton, the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee, had been “extremely careless” in her use of a private email server while she was secretary of state, but he recommended no criminal charges be filed in the case. Comey, who was deputy attorney general during the George W. Bush administration before becoming FBI director in 2013, is scheduled to testify on Thursday before a House committee, where Republicans and Democrats are expected to press him on his findings in the Clinton case. Lynch said she met on Wednesday afternoon with Comey and the career prosecutors and agents who had investigated whether Clinton broke the law as result of email servers kept in her Chappaqua, New York, home. One question is whether she mishandled classified information. House Speaker Paul Ryan, a Republican, said on Wednesday it appeared Clinton received preferential treatment from the FBI. Asked whether a special prosecutor should be named to investigate the matter, Ryan said the House would not “foreclose any options.” But Ryan did say that because of her messy handling of emails while serving as secretary of state, Clinton should be denied access to classified information during the campaign. Presidential candidates normally get such briefings once they are formally nominated. McConnell, Ryan’s Senate counterpart, stopped short of calling for such action. Clinton’s campaign was anxious to move on after Comey’s announcement, saying in a statement on Tuesday it was pleased with the FBI decision. ",1
8846,Democrat Clinton to propose plan to protect small businesses,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton on Thursday will unveil proposals to help small businesses fight fraudulent practices by larger firms, tactics her campaign will compare to the business record of her Republican rival, Donald Trump.   The plan would enhance legal protections for small businesses when large firms don’t pay their bills, increase federal regulatory enforcement, and expand working capital for small businesses, according to a Clinton official. The proposal comes a day after Clinton, in Atlantic City, lambasted Trump for what she described as profiting from exploiting workers in the slumping seaside town. A Reuters special report last year found Trump sometimes refuses to pay bills from contractors he has hired and then forces them to negotiate the final figure down. The new plan from the former secretary of state highlights a major division in the Democratic and Republican campaigns for the Nov. 8 presidential election.  Trump, a New York real estate developer, often highlights his businesses as among his biggest qualifications for office, promising to do for the country what he says he has done for his companies.  But Clinton and others have harshly criticized Trump’s business practices and argue that running a country is a far different proposition from running a private enterprise.  Clinton and several campaign surrogates will take her new small business proposal to 10 states, including key election battlegrounds of Florida and Nevada, pointing to Donald Trump’s Atlantic City casino bankruptcies as a warning sign for voters. ",1
8847,"Trump rejects criticism, vents at news media in campaign speech","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Wednesday rejected criticism of his campaign tactics, in a wide-ranging speech defending his team’s use of a Jewish star and his own praise of the late Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein. At a campaign rally in Cincinnati, Ohio, Trump vented his frustration at a news media he feels is out to derail his candidacy and help Democratic rival Hillary Clinton, deriding CNN, in particular, as the “Clinton News Network.” Trump’s hour-long performance was unlikely to reassure those Republicans who would like to see the New York businessman focus his message on attacking Clinton to rally the party behind him at the Cleveland convention from July 18 to 21 where he is to be formally nominated. He was particularly animated in defending his campaign’s use of what was seen to be a Jewish star in a tweet last week that described Clinton as corrupt. The star was replaced with a round emblem after the criticism, but the incident has generated days of controversy. Trump said he thought the star was more the shape of a sheriff’s badge. He described as “sick people” those in the news media who called it a Jewish Star of David. Later, Trump tweeted an image of character from a book linked to Disney’s movie, “Frozen”, that used a similarly shaped star on its cover. “Where is the outrage for this Disney book? Is this the ‘Star of David’ also? Dishonest media! #Frozen,” he tweeted. In his Ohio speech, Trump also returned to the subject of Saddam after generating controversy on Tuesday by complimenting him for his handling of militants. Irritated by the criticism, Trump brought up Saddam again. “So I said bad guy, really bad guy, but he was good at one thing: Killing terrorists… I don’t love Saddam Hussein. I hate Saddam Hussein. But he was damned good at killing terrorists,” Trump said. Trump also reacted to a mosquito that buzzed near his hand at the podium. “I don’t like mosquitoes, I never did. Speaking of mosquitoes, hello Hillary, how are you doing?” he said. ",1
8848,"Donald Trump, Republican Party boost fundraising in June","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump and the Republican National Committee raised nearly $51 million for his presidential campaign in June, after he launched his first aggressive effort at raising cash, Trump’s organization reported on Wednesday. The most recent haul dwarfed the $3.1 million the Trump campaign raised in May. That low number prompted widespread concern among Republicans that the New York businessman, a newcomer to politics who largely bankrolled his primary campaign, would be unable to compete with Democrat Hillary Clinton’s massive fundraising operation. For June, fundraising emails circulated by the Trump campaign attracted $26 million, in addition to more than $25 million raised in conjunction with the RNC through joint fundraising events in June and the last week of May. The joint funds are intended to help both Trump and candidates in other races, such as people running for Congress, in the Nov. 8 election. Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee, personally contributed $3.8 million in June, the campaign said, bringing the total contributions for the month to about $55 million. “We just started our fundraising efforts in the last week of May and we are extremely pleased with the broad-based support in the last five weeks for the Trump Campaign and Trump Victory,” the campaign said in a statement. In June, Clinton, the presumptive Democratic nominee, raised $68.5 million, including $40 million for her campaign and $28 million for the DNC and state victory funds. She began July with $44 million in cash on hand. While Trump’s June total far eclipsed the candidate’s past hauls, Lisa Spies, a Republican fundraiser who worked for Mitt Romney in 2012 and raised money for Jeb Bush in the 2016 primary, said the dollar count was much lower than the $106 million that Romney, the party’s standard-bearer in 2012, brought in during the same month four years ago. “This is his low-hanging fruit, and it’s good, I’m not putting it down. But it needs to get much better than this quickly. He’s playing a game of catch-up right now,” Spies said. Clinton’s fundraising advantage has allowed her to build a vastly larger campaign infrastructure. Clinton already has extensive staff operations in the most important battleground states and has begun to run paid advertising. Trump has only a handful of staffers and has made no large television ad purchases. Trump beat 16 rivals in the Republican presidential race, but his free-wheeling style and some of his campaign pledges, such as his plan to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border, have long worried some in the party establishment and he has struggled to unify Republicans behind him.  The Super PACs supporting Trump, which are permitted to raise and spend unlimited sums but are not allowed to coordinate directly with the campaign, have also struggled to get organized. While there was once a constellation of more than a dozen Super PACs backing him, most of his support has consolidated around Great America PAC, which is being run by veteran political operative Ed Rollins. The PAC is on target to raise $10 million before the July 18 start of the Republican National Convention, said Eric Beach, a top PAC official. They have already seen an uptick in fundraising, bringing in $5 million in June, doubling the May haul of $2.5 million. Great America PAC is using that money to run television ads, and plans to attack Clinton over her use of personal email servers during her time as secretary of state. The Super PAC supporting Clinton, Priorities USA, had raised $88 million by the end of May and had $51 million to spend. The group is already running ads attacking Trump. Trump got off to a slow start in fundraising, funding much of his primary campaign with his personal wealth in loans that totaled about $50 million. He announced last month he would forgive the loans to his campaign, intending to signal to potential donors that he would not use their funds to repay himself. He held his first fundraiser in late May and had several in June, including a high-dollar event in New York City and several fundraisers in Texas. Trump continues to promise to make contributions to his own campaign. In June, he launched an online fundraising effort by promising to match donations up to $2 million. Trump and Clinton both use joint fundraising agreements with their respective parties. The agreements allow the candidates to accept checks larger than the $5,400 limit that an individual can give to a campaign. Instead, the larger donations are divided up among the campaign, the national party and various state victory funds. All the money is then used to help elect the presidential candidate as well as other candidates. The campaigns and the political parties are permitted to coordinate how they spend that money. ",1
8849,U.S. Republicans reject Democratic funding proposals for opioids,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican lawmakers in U.S. Congress on Wednesday rejected two Democratic amendments to provide nearly $1 billion in funding for bipartisan legislation intended to combat America’s opioid epidemic, aides said. The rejection, which came during a meeting of U.S. House of Representatives and Senate negotiators on the measure, could undermine Democratic support for final legislation that could come up for a vote in the House of Representatives as early as Friday. The House and Senate each passed its own versions of the legislation in the last few months. House and Senate Democratic lawmakers are now withholding their support for the final version of the bill, according to two Democratic aides. Democratic opposition could prove to be an obstacle, especially in the Senate, where lawmakers need 60 votes to move legislation forward.  Two amendments, from House and Senate Democrats, would have provided $920 million up front to finance program grants for states. Aides said the programs otherwise require completion of a lengthy appropriations process that could stall in a congressional session shortened by this year’s election campaign. Republican aides were not immediately available for comment. But House Republicans are separately considering a health spending measure that would provide more than $581 million to address opioid abuse. House Democratic Caucus Chairman Xavier Becerra said on Wednesday it was only the latest instance in which legislation with bipartisan backing fell short on funding. “It’s becoming a bit of a joke to say we’re concerned and want to do something, when the only thing we’ll do is shell of what it actually takes,” he said. ",1
8850,Two leading Republicans shy away from being Trump's VP pick,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Donald Trump’s list of potential vice presidential running mates got a little shorter on Wednesday when one prominent U.S. senator withdrew from consideration and a second said she wanted to focus on her home state. The moves by Bob Corker of Tennessee and Joni Ernst of Iowa could complicate Trump’s efforts to rally establishment Republicans behind his presidential bid. With Trump looking at a self-imposed deadline of July 15 to announce his pick, there was no indication that the wealthy businessman was anywhere close to reaching what is perhaps the most important decision he will make as the presumptive Republican nominee. Trump is looking to announce his running mate just ahead of the Republican National Convention, to be held July 18-21  in Cleveland, where he is expected to become the party’s official nominee. In Cincinnati, Ohio, on Wednesday, Trump campaigned with potential vice presidential candidate Newt Gingrich, a former speaker of the House of Representatives who is popular in conservative circles. Introducing Trump, Gingrich tried out the role of the No. 2 with a robust attack on presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton for her email practices, on the same day the Justice Department decided not to levy criminal charges over what the Federal Bureau of Investigation called her “extremely careless” handling of classified information when she was secretary of state. “There are two Americas. There’s the corrupt Washington of the old order. And there’s all the rest of us. I say to you, Enough!” Gingrich said. Trump liked what he heard. “I’m not saying it’s Newt, but if it’s Newt, nobody is going to be beating him in those debates,” Trump said.  Trump told Fox News he has 10 candidates on his vice presidential list, including two generals. One source said Indiana Governor Mike Pence is being pushed internally by some members of Trump’s inner circle. A former congressman, Pence met with Trump on Saturday. Corker, from Tennessee, who is chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, had wrestled privately over whether to be a contender for the No. 2 position, telling friends he had never been a surrogate for another politician. Corker spent eight hours at Trump Tower in New York on Tuesday, then campaigned with Trump in Raleigh, North Carolina. He told reporters he withdrew because “I just felt like I was far more suited for other types of service.” “You know, it’s a highly political role for the next four months,” he said. “I view myself as deep in substance and policy, and I just think there are better ways for me to serve in the public arena.” His withdrawal eliminates an important party establishment figure as Trump tries to broaden his appeal with plans to visit Republicans in the Senate and House on Capitol Hill on Thursday. “Corker’s withdrawal could be considered a canary in the coal mine with establishment Republicans who are convinced that Trump cannot stay on message and can’t stay focused on attacking Hillary Clinton without doing some type of damage to his campaign,” said Republican strategist Ron Bonjean. Some Republicans felt Trump erred by not taking full political advantage of FBI Director James Comey’s statement on Tuesday that Clinton mishandled classified emails. In Raleigh, Trump sharply attacked Clinton but strayed from the message by saying the late Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein had done a good job cracking down on militants. Ernst, a rising figure in the Republican Party, spent part of the Fourth of July holiday on Monday meeting with Trump. She seemed to be leaning against the vice presidential position, and told Politico, “I made that very clear to him that I’m focused on Iowa. I feel that I have a lot more to do in the United States Senate. And Iowa is where my heart is.” ",1
8851,"After FBI report, Clinton aides could find it harder to get security clearances","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The FBI’s harsh criticism of Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email system as U.S. secretary of state could make it difficult for some of her closest aides to keep or renew government security clearances, but it would not affect Clinton herself if she is elected president, experts said. Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey said on Tuesday an FBI investigation had found evidence that Clinton, now the presumptive Democratic presidential candidate, and her aides “were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information” at the State Department.  Comey said he would not recommend that the Justice Department bring criminal charges - a recommendation accepted by Attorney General Loretta Lynch on Wednesday - but the FBI director noted that people found to have been similarly careless often face consequences in the form of “security or administrative sanctions.”  Most administrative sanctions, anything from a reprimand to a dismissal, can’t be imposed on Clinton and three of her closest aides Cheryl Mills, Jake Sullivan and Huma Abedin as they have already left government, experts of the government’s classified information regime said. But legal experts said that if Clinton aides were found to have treated classified material with extreme carelessness that could give the government reason to consider denying them a security clearance in the future or suspending or revoking one they may currently have.  “If the system is fair and equitable, then they should all have difficulty maintaining or obtaining a security clearance in the future,” said Mark Zaid, a Washington D.C.-based attorney who specializes in national security matters. Steven Aftergood, a Federation of American Scientists expert on national security and classification policy, noted, however, that Comey had highlighted what he called a problematic security culture at the State Department. “So it might be hard to penalize individuals for this episode if their entire agency embraced similar practices,” Aftergood said.  A Justice Department spokesperson declined to elaborate on Comey’s statement, which did not name any of the aides. The Clinton campaign did not respond to questions about the security clearances of Clinton, Mills, Sullivan and Abedin, nor did lawyers for the three aides.  Abedin, who has been a personal aide to Clinton for about 20 years, and Sullivan, Clinton’s policy director at the State Department, sent information the government now says is classified to Clinton’s unauthorized private email account, according to email records released by the State Department. It remains unclear if they sent any of the 110 emails that Comey said contained information that was classified at the time they were written. The only author of such emails he identified was Clinton herself. A small number of other department colleagues sent  information the government has since marked as classified to Clinton’s account less frequently, the records show. The government forbids handling classified government secrets outside secured channels it controls. Clinton has said she did not knowingly send or receive classified information through her private email server. Both Abedin and Sullivan now hold senior roles in Clinton’s presidential campaign and are widely expected to join a Clinton administration if she is elected on Nov. 8.  Mills, who also passed along information the government now deems classified, has continued to work as a lawyer for Clinton but has no formal role in the campaign. It unclear if she will seek a role in a Clinton administration. Some presidential appointments require Senate confirmation, and lawmakers could use any past criticism of an aide’s handling of government secrets as a reason to block their appointment to a Senate-confirmed job, said William J. Leonard, a former director of the federal government’s Information Security Oversight Office. The State Department declined to discuss individual cases and said that as a matter of policy it does not publicly disclose who has a security clearance. But it said it can apply security sanctions, such as putting a black mark on a person’s permanent personnel file that would come up in future background checks, even against former employees. For those former officials who maintain an active security clearance, they could lose it. “Department policy is to maintain files on personnel who are found to have mishandled information to guide current and potential future decisions about employment and security clearances,” John Kirby, a department spokesman, said in a statement.  Without knowing precisely what the FBI found about the actions of specific Clinton aides, it is impossible to say what  effect there may be on their current or future security clearances. Paul Ryan, the House Speaker and the most senior elected Republican official, said on Wednesday that Clinton should be denied the security clearance required to receive the customary intelligence briefing that government officials give to presidential nominees before the election. Presidents and other elected national officeholders are not required to have background checks to receive government secrets, according to experts and the Central Intelligence Agency. “It would roil our system of representative democracy if a security official could say that the president ... can’t have a security clearance,” said McAdoo Gordon, an attorney with extensive experience in security clearance matters. ",1
8852,Clinton visits Atlantic City boardwalk to hit Trump on casino bankruptcies,"ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. (Reuters) - Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton visited the famous boardwalk in Atlantic City on Wednesday to highlight Republican rival Donald Trump’s casino bankruptcies, warning he would bring the same cutthroat approach to managing the U.S. economy. Clinton, standing next to the shuttered Trump Plaza casino that Trump once owned, said the real estate developer routinely profited from the financial ruin of workers in the economically depressed seaside resort town. “The people he’s trying to convince to vote for him are the same people he’s been exploiting for years - working people, small-business people,” Clinton said. Clinton said Trump’s casino bankruptcies and numerous complaints against him by contractors showed he cannot be trusted to set economic policy from the White House. “He makes over-the-top promises and says if people trust in him, put their faith in him, he’ll deliver,” she said. “Then everything falls apart, people get hurt, and Donald gets paid.” The Trump Plaza was one of four casinos Trump once owned in Atlantic City. He left the city after his last bankruptcy. Clinton frequently uses criticism of Trump’s business record to illustrate a principle campaign theme - that the wealthy New Yorker is only interested in boosting his financial bottom line, and not concerned about the economic struggles of working Americans. Clinton reminded supporters who gathered on the boardwalk under a boiling sun, within steps of the city’s beach, that Trump had promised to “do for the country what I did for my business.” She said Trump intentionally ran up hundreds of millions of debt on his companies, borrowed at high rates, defaulted on the loans, and left in the lurch the workers and contractors who relied on his casinos for income. “That says everything you need to know about Donald Trump,” Clinton said. “It’s not about what he can build. It’s about how much he can take.” Atlantic City has struggled economically in recent years as a series of casinos have closed. The city’s 10 percent unemployment rate is nearly double the national average, and closed buildings pockmark its boardwalk. In an emailed statement, Trump defended his bankruptcy filings on casinos and other projects as a commonly used practice to restructure a business and ultimately save jobs. “I created thousands of jobs and made a lot of money in Atlantic City, which was what, as a businessman, I am supposed to do for my company and my family – and as President I will make America rich again,” he said. “Nobody understands the economy like I do and no one, especially not Crooked Hillary Clinton, will do more for the economy than I will.”  After the speech, Clinton drove a few blocks to shake hands with dozens of striking workers outside the Trump Taj Mahal, another of the casinos that Trump once owned. Her attack on Trump’s business dealings came as the presumptive Republican presidential nominee blasted her integrity following an FBI report that criticized her use of private email during her tenure as secretary of state. Clinton did not address the email issue during her stop in Atlantic City. On Tuesday, FBI Director James Comey said the agency would recommend no criminal charges against Clinton for her use of private email servers. But Comey rebuked her for what he said was “extremely careless” handling of classified material on her email servers, and contradicted her claims that she never transmitted or received classified material on that email system. Republican lawmakers criticized Comey for what they saw as lax treatment of Clinton, and on Wednesday, committee chairman Jason Chaffetz, a Republican, announced that Comey will testify before the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee on Thursday to explain the bureau’s “surprising and confusing” recommendation. The FBI has been investigating whether Clinton broke the law as result of personal email servers kept in her Chappaqua, New York, home while she was secretary of state from 2009 to 2013, including whether she mishandled classified information on the servers. ",1
8853,Clinton campaign to focus on key states in election: memo,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Democrat Hillary Clinton’s campaign laid out states critical to the U.S. presidential election in a memo to supporters dated Wednesday, including six with key minority populations - Ohio, North Carolina, Virginia, Florida, Colorado and Nevada. The memo, sent to “interested parties” from Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook, also set a goal of raking in $4 million a day between now and the Nov. 8 election, or around $500 million total. The memo, which was shared with Reuters by a Clinton supporter, emphasized the importance of boosting turnout among minority voters in the race against presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump. “If we fail to turn out African-American voters in Ohio, North Carolina or Virginia, we will lose. If we fail to turn out Hispanic voters in Florida, Colorado or Nevada, we will lose,” Mook wrote.   “If we fail to turn out Asian-American and Pacific Islander voters in Nevada or Virginia, we will lose. Plain and simple,” he added. The memo emphasized the need for “the most aggressive Get-Out-The-Vote (GOTV) program in history” across the country and named other states, such as Pennsylvania and Ohio, as key to the campaign’s efforts. The campaign declined to comment. Clinton’s lead over Trump widened to 13 percentage points in a Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll released on Tuesday. The poll showed 46 percent of likely voters supporting Clinton, with 33 percent backing Trump. But 22 percent said they would not support either candidate. That support is lopsided among different racial and ethnic groups. Among the smaller sample of black voters, for example, Clinton has a whopping 80 percent support, while with white voters the two candidates are just about even, according to the poll. ",1
8854,Sanders endorsement of Clinton could come as early as next week: ABC News,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic presumptive presidential nominee Hillary Clinton could receive her rival Bernie Sanders’ endorsement at a public event next week, ABC News reported on Wednesday, citing unnamed sources close to the Sanders campaign. The two campaigns are discussing the matter and “Sanders’ endorsement of Clinton could come sometime next week, possibly at an event in New Hampshire,” ABC News said. Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont who describes himself as a democratic socialist, said last month he would vote for the former secretary of state in the Nov. 8 election to stop likely Republican nominee Donald Trump. But he has not quit the race and has said he will continue to push for a liberal agenda heading into the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia from July 25 to 28, when Clinton’s nomination is expected to become official. ",1
8855,U.S. lawmakers to debate measures to block Boeing aircraft sale to Iran,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. House of Representatives panel will debate legislation on Thursday intended to block Boeing Co’s planned sale of dozens of commercial aircraft to Iran, which could also affect other planemakers, including Airbus if they became law. A Financial Services subcommittee will debate three measures, including one that would prohibit the U.S. Treasury from licensing the sale announced last month. Another would bar the Treasury secretary for authorizing transactions by U.S. financial institutions connected to the export of aircraft. A third measure would bar the Export-Import Bank from financing involving any entity that does business with Iran or provides financing to another entity to facilitate transactions with Iran. “I am extremely concerned that by relaxing the rules, the Obama administration has allowed U.S. companies to be complicit in weaponizing the Iranian regime,” Representative Bill Huizenga, chairman of the Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee, said in a statement on Wednesday. If the bills became law, they would affect other firms’ sales to Iran because virtually all modern jets have more than 10 percent U.S. content, the threshold for requiring export licenses. A House committee aide said the full financial services committee was likely to approve the bills, but a vote had not yet been scheduled. However, the measures showed the extent of concern by Republicans, who control majorities in both the House and Senate, about the Iran deal and the potential Boeing sale. Democrats, including President Barack Obama, are expected to oppose the legislation. While most congressional Democrats backed the Iran deal announced a year ago, every Republican U.S. lawmaker opposed the pact in which the United States and international partners agreed to ease crippling economic sanctions in exchange for Tehran curtailing its nuclear program. When news of the Boeing deal emerged, several Republicans in Congress worried that it could threaten U.S. national security. Asked about those concerns last month, a Boeing executive noted last month that the Obama administration considered implementation of the nuclear pact “critical” to national security. A “memorandum of agreement” (MOA) calls for IranAir to buy a total of 80 aircraft from Boeing and lease a further 29 with Boeing’s support. Deliveries of the purchased jets are scheduled to start in 2017 and run through 2025. An Iranian official told Reuters some officials in Tehran are concerned about the legislation, arguing that if such measures become law they could endanger implementation of the nuclear deal by intensifying pressure on Iran President Hassan Rouhani to take a harder line in his dealings with the United States and its allies. ",1
8856,Ryan says Congress considering action on Clinton's email use,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan on Wednesday said lawmakers are examining whether there is any action they can take over Hillary Clinton’s email practices while secretary of state, saying it appeared she had received preferential treatment from the FBI. Ryan, a Republican, said the House of Representatives would not “foreclose any options” when asked whether a special prosecutor was necessary to get to the bottom of the Democratic presidential candidate’s use of a private email server while she ran the State Department. The Federal Bureau of Investigation said on Tuesday it would not recommend charges regarding Clinton’s email, although FBI Director James Comey rebuked the Democratic U.S. presidential candidate for “extremely careless” handling of classified information.  The FBI decision, Ryan said, “looks like” preferential treatment for Clinton. Ryan, who was the Republican vice presidential candidate in 2012, said Director of National Intelligence James Clapper should deny Clinton access to classified information during the campaign, although presidential candidates normally get such access once they are formally nominated. Clinton’s campaign, responding to Ryan’s remarks, said House Republicans appeared to be trying to launch another “sham of an inquiry” against Clinton now that they had ended their two-year probe of the deaths of four Americans at a U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi while Clinton was secretary of state. “For weeks Republicans have said they trusted FBI Director Comey to lead an independent review into Secretary Clinton’s emails, but now they are second-guessing his judgment because his findings do not align with their conspiracy theories,” campaign spokesman Brian Fallon said in an emailed statement. The campaign said on Tuesday it was pleased with the FBI’s decision, noting that the candidate has said repeatedly that it was a mistake to use her personal email while secretary of state. Ryan noted that two House committees are looking into the Clinton email matter — the Judiciary committee and the Oversight Committee, where Comey has been invited to testify on Thursday. “He (Comey) did say that short of prosecution, some kind of administrative action might be in order,” Ryan said, adding: “I think it’s the least we can do, given how she was so reckless in handling classified material and sending classified information on insecure servers.” “So look, I think that’s something that the administration should do on its own, but we’ll look into seeing if that’s something we can do as well,” Ryan said. Senate Republican leaders said they thought Clinton’s testimony to the FBI should be released to the public. But Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid dismissed as political the Republican calls for Clinton to stop getting classified information. “The Republicans are in such desperate shape because of (Republican presidential candidate Donald) Trump, they would seize upon anything,” Reid told reporters. He said the FBI investigation had been thorough. “It’s over and it’s time to move on.” ",1
8857,John Kerry commits more U.S. military aid for ex-Soviet Georgia,"TBILISI (Reuters) - Secretary of State John Kerry told ex-Soviet Georgia that the United States would help it bolster its army as he reassured a close U.S. ally days before a NATO summit expected to focus on the threat a resurgent Russia poses. Kerry, on his first visit to Georgia as Secretary of State, made the commitment ahead of a NATO summit in Warsaw on Friday at which members of the Western military alliance plan to announce action to deter possible Russian military aggression. Georgia and former Soviet states such as Moldova and Ukraine have become increasingly concerned by Russia’s intentions after the Kremlin annexed Ukraine’s Crimea in 2014 and launched air strikes in Syria last year. Moscow says such fears are unfounded and based on what it calls anti-Russian hysteria.   In a memorandum of understanding signed on Wednesday by Kerry and Georgian Prime Minister Georgy Kvirikashvili, the United States promised to bolster Georgia’s ability to defend itself against potential threats. That meant greater military and security cooperation, enhanced information sharing, and help building up defense capacity, such as improving combat readiness and supporting defense procurement, the document said. Until now, U.S. security support has focused on training Georgian troops for operations in Afghanistan and Iraq. “The United States stands firm in its commitment to Georgia’s sovereignty, independence, and territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders,” Kerry told reporters. Georgia, which is crisscrossed by strategically important oil and gas pipelines, fought and lost a short war with Russia in 2008. Moscow then recognized two breakaway pro-Kremlin Georgian regions - South Ossetia and Abkhazia - as independent countries, though most other countries have not. “Russia’s occupation and militarization of parts of Georgia’s territory are unacceptable,” said Kerry. “We continue to call on Russia to fulfill its obligations under the 2008 ceasefire agreement, including a withdrawal of its forces to pre-conflict positions.” Moscow for its part has accused the West, notably Washington, of stirring anti-Russian feelings in former Soviet states it deems part of its own sphere of influence. Kerry visits Ukraine next, on Thursday, before heading to Warsaw to join U.S. President Barack Obama for the NATO summit. In Ukraine, Kerry’s third visit there since Russia annexed Crimea, he will focus on the implementation of the Minsk peace accords and the country’s reform agenda. It will be Kerry’s first chance to meet new Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman. ",1
8858,U.S. House Republicans battle each other on gun control,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A divided Republican Party on Wednesday fought over gun control legislation that was cobbled together following last month’s mass shooting in Orlando, raising questions over U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan’s ability to get the measure passed. While Democrats have said the gun control proposal put forward by Republican leaders was too weak, an influential group of approximately 40 conservative House Republicans announced their opposition as well, saying the plan did not do enough to protect gun buyers. The legislation fails “to do enough to address the threat of radical Islamic terrorism,” according to a statement by the conservative Freedom Caucus. The group also complained of “the inclusion of gun control provisions that fail to adequately protect due process.” With the Republican leadership’s legislation under attack from both liberals and conservatives, it was unclear whether Ryan could muster the 218 votes he would need for passage in the House of Representatives. Last month, the Senate failed to approve any of several competing Republican and Democratic gun control proposals offered in the wake of the June 12 shooting at a gay night club in Orlando that killed 49 and injured 53 others. During the Senate debate, Democratic lawmakers staged a sit-in on the House floor to pressure Republican leaders to pass legislation expanding background checks on gun sales and blocking gun purchases by people on terrorism watch lists. The Republican leadership bill, announced last Friday, would give the government three days to convince a judge that a gun sale should be blocked. Ryan said Wednesday that he intended to bring it to the floor for a vote this week or next, but also noted changes were being sought by numerous lawmakers. “The last thing we’re going to do is rush something to the floor that we don’t have right,” Ryan said. Representative Matt Salmon of Arizona, a Freedom Caucus member, said he objected to Ryan pushing the bill without allowing it to be processed by relevant committees first. Salmon said that Ryan told House Republicans in a closed meeting that he was rushing the legislation to the House floor because “there are members that need to have this vote” for political reasons in swing districts that could go either Republican or Democratic in the Nov. 8 elections. Democrats, meanwhile, continued to pressure Ryan for votes on their more sweeping gun control measures. Representative John Larson of Connecticut, a ringleader of the Democrats’ sit-in, said his fellow Democrats plan to support Republican mental health legislation that could help avert some mass shootings. Larson added he hoped it would be seen as an olive branch to Republicans toward progress on gun control. Scores of gun control advocates demonstrated outside the House chamber in sweltering heat on Wednesday morning, as 91 people wearing orange t-shirts stood on the steps leading to the House demanding action. They represented the 91 people who, according to government statistics, die each day in the United States from gun violence. Many of them die as a result of suicide. ",1
8859,"Clinton offers plan to freeze some college debt, cut tuition","(Reuters) - Democratic presidential contender Hillary Clinton on Wednesday proposed a temporary freeze on some student debt and the cutting of college tuition entirely for some families, focusing on an issue important to supporters of her rival Bernie Sanders. Clinton’s latest proposal includes a three-month moratorium for federal student loan payments and a new measure to eliminate in-state college tuition for families whose income does not exceed $125,000, according to a release from her campaign. The proposal builds on her earlier plan for easing student debt loads for higher education. Clinton, the former secretary of state and presumptive Democratic Party nominee, is looking to win over supporters of Sanders, the Vermont senator who was her main opponent for the nomination as he consistently sought to push the party left. The presumptive Republican nominee, businessman Donald Trump, also has courted Sanders’ voters, trying to use his outsider appeal to bring them over to his campaign. On Wednesday, Clinton proposed using executive action to offer a three-month moratorium on student loan payments to all federal loan borrowers to offer help for borrowers to consolidate loans and find other methods to reduce their payments.  She previously has released proposals to increase access to tuition grants, push for income-based repayments, and - like Sanders - to allow graduates to refinance student loans at lower interest rates. Sanders praised the new Clinton measures on Wednesday, saying in a statement that he wanted “to take this opportunity to applaud Secretary Clinton.” ",1
8860,Senior Republicans signal issues in Congress for Obama Afghan plan,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Representative Mac Thornberry, the Republican chairman of the U.S. House of Representatives Armed Services Committee, said on Wednesday that the White House must submit a supplemental funding request immediately to support President Barack Obama’s plans to keep 8,400 troops in Afghanistan. Senator John McCain, who leads the Senate Armed Services Committee, said he welcomed Obama’s decision but added in a statement: “That said, when the President himself describes the security situation in Afghanistan as ‘precarious,’ it is difficult to discern any strategic rationale for withdrawing 1,400 U.S. troops by the end of the year.”   ",1
8861,"Obama, in shift, says he will keep 8,400 U.S. troops in Afghanistan until 2017","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama, calling Afghanistan’s security situation precarious, said on Wednesday he will keep U.S. troop levels there at 8,400 through the end of his administration rather than reducing them to 5,500 by year’s end as previously planned. Obama, in a statement at the White House, said the role of U.S. forces in Afghanistan will remain unchanged: training and advising Afghan police and troops, and supporting counterterrorism missions against the Taliban and other groups. Obama’s presidency ends in January. Obama’s plan still calls for a reduction in U.S. troop levels from the current roughly 9,800, but not as much as previously planned. Obama, who took office in 2009 pledging to wind down the U.S. wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, said he had ended America’s combat mission in Afghanistan. But he acknowledged that security concerns persist. “The security situation in Afghanistan remains precarious,” Obama said. “The Taliban remains a threat. They’ve gained ground in some places.” Taliban forces now hold more territory in Afghanistan than at any time since the 2001 U.S.-led invasion, according to recent United Nations estimates. The Islamic State group has also established a small presence in Afghanistan. Obama’s decision, which came after a review submitted last month by the U.S. commander in Afghanistan, Army General John Nicholson, drew some criticism inside and outside his administration. Some Pentagon officials said that it does nothing to address the deteriorating security situation in Afghanistan. “It’s disappointing that the administration thinks that troop numbers are a substitute for a more comprehensive strategy,” said a U.S. defense official, who spoke on condition of anonymity. “This is neither the reduction that the White House seems to have wanted nor the current numbers that don’t seem to be sufficient to deal with the security problem.” Mac Thornberry, the Republican chairman of the House of Representatives Armed Services Committee, criticized what he said was a new cap on U.S. troop levels. “It is time that the president level with the American people about what it will really take to achieve our goals in Afghanistan, and how much it will cost,” Thornberry said in a statement.  Obama spoke in advance of a NATO summit on Friday and Saturday in Warsaw, Poland, where alliance members are expected to confirm their support for the Kabul government. In addition to the U.S. forces, there are about 3,000 other international troops in Afghanistan. U.S. troops have been in Afghanistan since the 2001 invasion launched by Obama’s predecessor, George W. Bush, that toppled the Taliban leaders who harbored the al Qaeda organization responsible for the Sept. 11 attacks on the United States that killed about 3,000 people. It is America’s longest war. During his announcement at the White House, Obama was flanked by Defense Secretary Ash Carter and the top U.S. military officer, General Joe Dunford, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. ",1
8862,U.S. attorney general to testify before House panel on July 12,"(Reuters) - U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch will testify before the House Judiciary Committee on July 12 on a number of issues facing the Justice Department, including the FBI’s probe into Hillary Clinton’s use of a personal email server, the panel said on Wednesday. Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte said in a statement that the FBI’s decision to not recommend charges against Clinton, the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee, raised questions. The panel is also expected to question Lynch on the attacks in Orlando, Florida, and San Bernardino, California. ",1
8863,FBI Director Comey to testify before House panel on Thursday,"(Reuters) - FBI Director James Comey is set to testify before the U.S. House Oversight Committee on Thursday about the agency’s decision not to recommend charges against Hillary Clinton over her use of a personal email server while serving at the State Department, the panel said in a statement. In the statement on Wednesday, Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz said that Congress and the American people have a right to understand the FBI’s investigation in the matter. The panel said the hearing is scheduled for 10 a.m. ",1
8864,Rebuke of Clinton over email use creates opening for Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The FBI report scolding Democrat Hillary Clinton over her email practices as secretary of state plays into a chief vulnerability that her rival, Republican Donald Trump, hopes to exploit – wariness among U.S. voters about her trustworthiness. Clinton campaign spokesman Brian Fallon said the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s recommendation against criminal charges for Clinton means the email matter “is now resolved.” Yet even as he removed the threat of charges against the Democratic candidate, FBI Director James Comey described Clinton’s handling of classified information as “extremely careless.” Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee, seized on that comment. “We’re talking about serious stuff,” he told a rally in Raleigh, North Carolina. “The laws are very explicit.” The New York businessman has been struggling to unify the party around his candidacy, and Republicans say Trump could use the issue to heal some of the rifts within his party while motivating conservatives to go to the polls in the Nov. 8 election. Indeed, a main element of Trump’s strategy for winning over Republicans who are lukewarm on his candidacy is to emphasize the importance of keeping Clinton out of the White House. “Clinton won the ‘Comey primary’ but Trump has the opportunity to drive home the lack of trust theme,” said Republican strategist Scott Reed. A Reuters/Ipsos poll from May 1-11 found that a majority of American adults do not think Clinton is an honest person. This included 89 percent of Republicans, 72 percent of independents and 36 percent of Democrats. More than a quarter, 27 percent, of Clinton’s own supporters did not think she is an honest person, according to the poll. Democratic strategist Steve Elmendorf said Clinton needs to move quickly to get past the email episode and talk about issues central to her campaign. He predicted the issue will be short-lived as voters focus on the candidates’ vice presidential running mates, the nominating conventions and fall debates. “She made a mistake here, there’s no question about it,” said Bob Shrum, a Democratic strategist who was chief strategist for 2004 nominee John Kerry, the current secretary of state.  “But there’s also justice in what she says, that for 24 years the Republicans have relentlessly gone after Bill and Hillary Clinton. That has its impact and that impact you can see in her trust numbers. But this decision, despite how anybody spins, it not only helps her but in my view was indispensable to her,” Shrum said. Hours after Comey’s announcement, Trump’s campaign sent an email soliciting money based on the Clinton email controversy.  The big question for Republicans is whether their presumptive presidential nominee will be able to prosecute the case effectively against Clinton since he is still at war with fellow Republicans and has little in the way of campaign funds to pay for TV ads against her. “I don’t think there’s a way that Clinton can use this to raise anger at Republicans,” said Andy Smith, director of the University of New Hampshire Survey Center. “But the Republicans can certainly use this to raise anger at Clinton and the Democrats. Anger is a great motivator to get people out to vote.” Trump’s initial response showed why Republicans continue to have concerns about him. Interviewed by Fox News’ Bill O’Reilly, Trump spent as much time criticizing Comey as he did Clinton. Comey is respected by Republicans and Democrats alike. “I have such respect for the FBI that I just don’t understand what happened here,” Trump said. “Everybody knows she’s extremely guilty. And they really said she was guilty today and then they said we’re not going to prosecute.” Ryan Williams, a Republican strategist and former spokesman for 2012 nominee Mitt Romney, called the FBI report a “disqualifying event” for Clinton. “Trump’s singular focus should be that she acted inappropriately. But Trump has a knack for distracting from Hillary Clinton’s scandals with his gaffes and missteps,” he said. Trump has been fighting allegations of anti-Semitism in recent days over his campaign’s use of a Jewish star in a tweet attacking Clinton as corrupt. ",1
8865,"Clinton 'extremely careless' with emails, but FBI recommends no charges","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The FBI recommended on Tuesday that no criminal charges be filed over Hillary Clinton’s use of private email servers while she was secretary of state, but rebuked the Democratic U.S. presidential candidate for “extremely careless” handling of classified information. While FBI Director James Comey’s announcement lifted a cloud of uncertainty that had loomed over Clinton’s White House campaign, his strong criticism of her judgment ignited a new attack on her over the email issue by Donald Trump, her likely Republican opponent in the Nov. 8 election. Comey’s comments are likely to reinforce what polls show are widespread public concerns about Clinton’s honesty and trustworthiness. Republicans have pointed to the controversy as evidence that she considered herself above the law. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, the highest- ranking elected U.S. Republican, said in a statement that Comey’s announcement “defies explanation.” Ryan called on the FBI to release all of its findings in the case and said Comey would be called to testify before the House Oversight Committee. “We need to know more,” Ryan told Fox News.  In a lengthy statement on the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s conclusions from its yearlong investigation, Comey directly contradicted statements Clinton has made while defending her use of the private email setup. He said, for example, that the FBI found at least 110 emails that contained classified information when they were sent,  although Clinton has repeatedly said she never sent or received classified information on her private servers. “Although we did not find clear evidence that Secretary Clinton or her colleagues intended to violate laws governing the handling of the classified information, there is evidence that they were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information,” Comey said. But he said the FBI concluded “no reasonable prosecutor” would bring charges. “Although the Department of Justice makes final decisions on matters like this, we are expressing to Justice our view that no charges are appropriate in this case,” Comey told reporters in Washington. His recommendation will likely stand. The country’s top prosecutor, U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch, said on Friday she would accept the recommendations of career prosecutors and the FBI director on whether to charge Clinton for mishandling emails. Clinton’s campaign was anxious to move on after Comey’s announcement, saying in a statement it was pleased with the FBI decision. “As the secretary has long said, it was a mistake to use her personal email, and she would not do it again. We are glad that this matter is now resolved,” spokesman Brian Fallon said. He did not respond to questions about Comey’s rebuttal of the main arguments Clinton has offered in defense of her use of private email. At a rally in Raleigh, North Carolina, on Tuesday night, Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee, said the controversy should disqualify Clinton from being president and that her email system may well have been hacked by U.S. enemies. “Our enemies may have a blackmail file on crooked Hillary and this alone means that she should not be allowed to serve as president of the United States,” Trump said. “We now know that she lied to the country when she said that she did not send classified information on her server. She lied!” Following Comey’s late-morning remarks, Clinton became one of the top trending topics on Twitter, with about 671,000 tweets posted by 4 p.m. (2000 GMT). The overall sentiment was more negative than positive, with about two negative tweets for every positive one, according to social media analytics firm Zoomph. The FBI director’s announcement came hours before Clinton’s first campaign appearance with President Barack Obama, in Charlotte, North Carolina, where neither Obama nor Clinton mentioned the email probe. It also came less than three weeks before the Democratic National Convention at which Clinton is to be nominated as the party’s candidate for the November election. The FBI has been investigating whether Clinton broke the law as result of personal email servers kept in her Chappaqua, New York, home while she was secretary of state from 2009 to 2013. One question is whether she mishandled classified information on the servers. As the investigation wound up, Clinton underwent a voluntary 3-1/2-hour interview with the FBI on Saturday in Washington. Comey said the FBI did not find that Clinton or her colleagues intended to violate the law, and that there was no “intentional misconduct” by her lawyers who sorted her emails. He said her staff should have known Clinton’s private email was an improper place for classified information, but added there was no evidence anyone had hacked Clinton’s communications. Comey said, however, that “hostile actors” gained access to email accounts of people with whom Clinton corresponded  regularly. He also said she used email extensively while traveling “in territory of sophisticated adversaries.” Experts routinely advise U.S. government officials not to bring important digital information to countries with a track record of aggressive cyber activity. Clinton traveled to more than 100 countries during her four years as top U.S. diplomat, including trips to China and Russia, considered among the most sophisticated U.S. cyber adversaries. The FBI found 110 emails in 52 email chains that contained information that was classified at the time the messages were sent, Comey said. Eight of those chains contained “top-secret” information, the highest level of government classification for material that could harm national security. A further 36 email chains contained “secret” information, and eight “confidential” information, he said. Agents also found three classified emails among the thousands Clinton never returned to the State Department. Comey said there were no previous cases that supported filing criminal charges against Clinton. Other cases had involved intentional mishandling of information, he said. Last year, the FBI recommended that former CIA Director David Petraeus be charged with a felony for his mishandling of classified information with his biographer, with whom he was having an affair.  In that case, however, the FBI had evidence that Petraeus knew the information was highly classified. Petraeus eventually pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge of mishandling classified information. Republican lawmakers have called for an independent investigation of Clinton, saying they do not trust the Justice Department to handle the inquiry with impartiality. Republican criticism of the process heated up after Clinton’s husband, former President Bill Clinton, met privately with Lynch in Phoenix last week. Lynch, who was appointed by Obama, said later she regretted the meeting and that she and the former president did not discuss the investigation. ",1
8866,Lawyers: Legal precedent clears Clinton in email investigation,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - In declining to seek prosecution of Hillary Clinton, FBI Director James Comey said the former Secretary of State’s handling of classified emails was “extremely careless” - conduct, legal experts said, that falls short of “gross negligence,” a standard for criminal charges under the Espionage Act. “Although there is evidence of potential violations of the statutes regarding the handling of classified information, our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case,” Comey said in a news conference Tuesday detailing the FBI investigation and his decision. Several legal experts agreed with Comey’s conclusion that there was no recent precedent for bringing such a case without evidence of willful intent or gross negligence, and they said it would have been difficult to convince a jury to convict Clinton based on the evidence. “Extreme carelessness doesn’t necessarily translate into gross negligence,” said Laurie Levenson, a professor of law at Loyola Law School in Los Angeles and former federal prosecutor.  “The only times I have seen these statutes used has been situations in which people knew they were disclosing classified, confidential information, or they could show they didn’t really care,” Levenson said.  Comey said investigators determined that Clinton exchanged 110 emails that contained government secrets and that she and her staff should have known the information was classified. But unlike other cases prosecuted under the Espionage Act, the FBI has not suggested that Clinton intentionally shared government secrets with people not authorized to see them. The statute for charging gross negligence under the Espionage Act, written in 1917, requires the information be “removed from its proper place,” a tough legal requirement in the digital age, said Stephen Vladeck, a law professor at University of Texas. Vladeck said the law is not “well suited for careless discussion of information in unsecured media that doesn’t dispossess the government of that information or direct it right into the hands of a foreign power.”  Previous cases charged under the Espionage Act have shown intent, experts said. Defense attorney Abbe Lowell said Comey’s decision was “completely consistent” with every case brought for leaking classified government information.  Defendants in other cases include Stephen Kim, Lowell’s client who pleaded guilty to leaking State Department documents to the press, as well as former C.I.A. Director General David Petraeus. He admitted to keeping classified information, which he would also share with his biographer, in his home, while telling the government he had returned all such information. “The one common denominator of all such cases is that the individual involved intentionally sent material to those not authorized to receive it, like the press, like a foreign government,” Lowell said. Comey said the FBI “did not find clear evidence that Secretary Clinton or her colleagues intended to violate laws governing the handling of classified information.” But he said it did find “evidence that they were extremely careless in their handling a very sensitive, highly classified information.” His recommendation, which Attorney General Loretta Lynch previously said she would accept, angered Republicans who said her actions should be punished.  Republican presidential front runner Donald Trump reacted to the news from his Twitter account, saying, “The system is rigged. General Petraeus got in trouble for far less.” In that case, the FBI recommended a felony charge. But Attorney General Eric Holder pursued a misdemeanor under another part of the law, and Petraeus pleaded guilty. He was sentenced to two years probation in 2015.  The FBI had recordings of Petraeus acknowledging the information in notebooks in his home was highly classified. Petraeus also admitted to lying to the FBI about sharing the information with Paula Broadwell, his biographer and lover. Steven Aftergood, director of the Federation of American Scientists’ Project on Government Secrecy, said Clinton’s cooperation with FBI investigators also may have helped her avoid charges. “There was no obstruction of justice, no failure to cooperate truthfully with investigators, no concealment of her activity,” Aftergood said. Legal precedent suggests that Clinton is unlikely to face a misdemeanor charge for recklessness because recent cases that ended with misdemeanors began as much larger felony charges against individuals who intended to leak information. In 2010, Thomas Drake, a whistleblower from the NationalSecurity Agency who helped expose the government’s warrantless surveillance of Americans, was charged with espionage after the government accused him of bringing five classified documents home. He denied the accusation, and those charges were dropped. Drake pleaded guilty to one misdemeanor count for exceeding authorized use of a computer. “Somebody needs to ask Comey about my case,” Drake, who now works at an Apple store in Maryland, wrote in an email late Tuesday. Former president Bill Clinton’s national security adviser pleaded guilty in 2005 to smuggling classified documents out of the National Archives by stuffing them under his clothes. He was fined $50,000 and sentenced to two years of probation.  ",1
8867,U.S. Republicans push back on Democratic gun-control efforts,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. congressional Republicans on Tuesday resisted Democratic demands for a vote on gun-control measures and warned that some could face punishment for an unusual sit-in last month that tied up the House of Representatives for 25 hours. With Democrats already rejecting a Republican gun bill and warning of further protests, the Republican-controlled House appeared to be heading for renewed discord over gun restrictions following the June 12 mass shooting at a gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida. House Speaker Paul Ryan met for about 30 minutes on Tuesday with two Democrats who led the sit-in: Representatives John Lewis of Georgia and John Larson of Connecticut. The Democrats said they would ask Ryan for a vote on two Democratic-backed measures but left the meeting without speaking to reporters. “The path ahead ... will be discussed and determined by the majority in the coming days,” Ryan spokeswoman AshLee Strong said later in a statement. The measures sought by Democrats would expand background checks for gun purchases and allow the government to block gun sales to suspected extremists without first getting a judge’s approval.   Hours before the meeting, Ryan suggested a vote on the Democratic legislation was unlikely, telling a Milwaukee radio station: “The last thing we are going to do is surrender the floor over to these kinds of tactics when we know it’s going to compromise the constitutional rights of law-abiding citizens.” House Republican leader Kevin McCarthy said separately that he and Ryan would meet this week with the chamber’s top enforcement official to talk about reports that some Democrats at the June 22-23 sit-in engaged in “intimidation” while carrying out their protest. Ryan has announced that the House will vote this week on a measure intended to keep guns out of the hands of people the government suspects of involvement in violent extremism. But Democrats say the legislation is inadequate because authorities would have only three days to convince a judge that a gun sale should be blocked. “Ninety-one people die each day from gun violence in this country and the best Speaker Ryan can muster is a meaningless bill,” said House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi aide Drew Hammill. Six people who said they lost family and loved ones to gun violence were arrested in the U.S. Capitol on Tuesday, after a protest demanding Congress reject the Ryan measure and vote on the Democratic measures. ",1
8868,Trump takes potential VP running mates for test drives,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump is taking some of his potential vice presidential running mates out for a test drive this week, meeting in private and trotting them out in public as he seeks to make his choice before the Republican National Convention less than two weeks away.  Republicans close to the campaign say Trump and his team are considering announcing his running mate pick next week ahead of the convention, to be held July 18-21 in Cleveland, to try to get maximum media buzz from the decision. As his aides vet the people on his short list, Trump is getting an up-close look at some of the candidates and talking about it publicly, dispensing with the usual tradition of keeping secret the process of choosing a running mate. Trump, who is to be formally nominated at the convention as the Republican candidate for the Nov. 8 election, met privately on Tuesday with one possible pick, U.S. Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee, at Trump Tower in New York. On Tuesday night, the two appeared together at a Trump rally in Raleigh, North Carolina. Trump introduced Corker, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, as “a great friend of mine, somebody respected by everybody.” Then it was Corker’s turn.  “I’ve figured out the reason why you love him so much,” the senator told the crowd. “The reason you love him so much is because he loves you. He loves you and he wants the best for you.”      On Wednesday, Trump is to be joined for an event in Cincinnati by Newt Gingrich, a former speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives who is another possible pick by Trump for the No. 2 position. Gingrich has been a close Trump adviser and is well regarded at Trump Tower. On Monday, Trump met on Monday with U.S. Senator Joni Ernst of Iowa, another candidate on his short list. Others on Trump’s running mate list include Indiana Governor Mike Pence, who Trump met with on Saturday, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, Oklahoma Governor Mary Fallin and U.S. Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama. Christie, a former Trump rival for the Republican nomination, and Sessions are among Trump’s earliest supporters in the party and closest advisers. ",1
8869,Judge blocks Kansas' attempt to cut Planned Parenthood from Medicaid,"(Reuters) - A federal judge on Tuesday blocked Kansas Governor Sam Brownback’s efforts to remove Planned Parenthood, a U.S. women’s healthcare and abortion provider, from a government health insurance program for the poor in the state. U.S. District Judge Julie Robinson issued the 54-page order for a temporary restraining order and preliminary injunction, ruling the state could not cancel Medicaid provider agreements with Planned Parenthood of Kansas and Mid-Missouri, or PPKM, and Planned Parenthood of the St. Louis Region and Southwest Missouri, or PPSLR. “It is uncontroverted that PPKM and PPSLR serve hundreds of underprivileged women in the State of Kansas,” Robinson said in the order. “It is in the public interest to allow these individuals to be treated by the qualified provider of their choice, and to have that provider reimbursed under Medicaid pending a trial on the merits in this case.” The Republican governor ordered state officials to cut off funding for Planned Parenthood and its affiliates through the state Medicaid program in January, saying the state would not fund an industry that disrespected life. A spokeswoman for Brownback said in a statement on Tuesday: “The governor will continue the fight to make Kansas a pro-life state. We will review today’s preliminary ruling and move forward with the litigation.” The state sought to cut funding after the release of videos secretly recorded by an anti-abortion group that activists said showed that Planned Parenthood officials in some states had discussed the sale of aborted fetal tissue. Neither of the Planned Parenthood affiliates involved in the case participates in fetal tissue donation or sale, court records show. “We are thrilled with the judge’s ruling. We felt strongly that we were going into this on the right side of the law,” said Laura McQuade, chief executive of Planned Parenthood Great Plains, formerly Planned Parenthood of Kansas and Mid-Missouri. The two organizations, along with three of their patients who are on Medicaid, sued the state in May, arguing Brownback’s order would break federal law and violate the U.S. Constitution. Planned Parenthood has denied taking any illegal payments, calling the videos distortions of fetal-tissue donations. The organization has said it has received only reimbursements for its costs, which are legal under U.S. law. Planned Parenthood said in May that at least two dozen states had cut or tried to slash funding to its clinics since the mid-2015 release of the undercover videos. ",1
8870,Clinton expands lead over Trump to 13 points: Reuters/Ipsos poll,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton widened her lead over likely Republican nominee Donald Trump to 13 percentage points in a Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll released on Tuesday. The July 1-5 poll included responses gathered mostly over the holiday weekend, before the Federal Bureau of Investigation recommended on Tuesday that no criminal charges be filed against Clinton over her use of private email servers and what it called her “extremely careless” handling of classified information while she was U.S. secretary of state. The presumptive Democratic nominee led Trump, a New York businessman, by 9 percentage points in a previous Reuters/Ipsos poll that ran from June 27 to July 1. Tuesday’s poll showed that 46 percent of likely voters supported Clinton, while 33 percent backed Trump. Twenty-two percent said they would not support either candidate for the  Nov. 8 election.  Throughout the campaign, Clinton has been dogged by her use of a personal email server during her years as the nation’s top diplomat. Over the past several months, she has handed over thousands of pages of emails to investigators and responded to a number of government inquiries.  Clinton has repeatedly said she never sent or received classified documents on her private servers, yet the public appears distrustful of her, according to Reuters/Ipsos polling. In early May, 63 percent of Americans, including 36 percent of Democrats, said they did not believe Clinton was “honest and truthful.” But Clinton has led Trump most of the year among likely voters. Since mid-May, she has maintained a relatively consistent level of support among likely voters, while Trump’s popularity has eroded as his campaign wrestled with a variety of issues.  Republican leaders distanced themselves from Trump after he suggested a federal judge was biased because of his Hispanic heritage and after he doubled down on a pledge to block Muslims from entering the country. On Tuesday, U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan criticized a tweet posted by Trump over the weekend that many deemed to be anti-Semitic. Trump’s level of support among likely voters was about 10 points below what 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney received in early July 2012. Among Clinton’s supporters, nearly half said they were backing her because “I don’t want Donald Trump to win.” A further 39 percent said they “agree with her positions,” and about 13 percent said they “like her personally.”  The online national poll of 1,441 American adults had a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of 3 percentage points. ",1
8871,U.S. appeals court upholds conviction over shared password,"(Reuters) - A divided federal appeals court on Tuesday gave the U.S. Department of Justice broad leeway to police password theft under a 1984 anti-hacking law, upholding the conviction of a former Korn/Ferry International executive for stealing confidential client data. The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco said David Nosal violated the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act in 2005 when he and two friends, who had also left Korn/Ferry, used an employee’s password to access the recruiting firm’s computers and obtain information to help start a new firm. Writing for a 2-1 majority, Circuit Judge Margaret McKeown said Nosal acted “without authorization” even though the employee, his former secretary, had voluntarily provided her password. The defendant had by then been working as an independent contractor for Korn/Ferry. Nosal and his friends had previously had their own log-in credentials revoked. Nosal’s case has been closely watched by digital privacy groups worried that it could make it easier to prosecute people for ordinary password sharing, such as when a husband logs into his wife’s Facebook account with her credentials and permission. “The court is criminalizing conduct that ordinary Americans do every day online,” Jamie Williams, a lawyer for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, which supported overturning Nosal’s conviction, said in an interview. Dennis Riordan, a lawyer for Nosal, said in a statement he will ask an 11-judge appeals court panel to review the decision. A spokesman for the Justice Department declined to comment. Nosal had been appealing his April 2013 jury conviction and one-year prison sentence for violating the CFAA and for trade secret theft under the Economic Espionage Act. The appeals court on Tuesday upheld Nosal’s conviction under the EEA. It also ordered a recalculation of his $827,983 of restitution to Korn/Ferry to reconsider the legal fee component. Circuit Judge Stephen Reinhardt dissented. He said the majority’s reasoning could cover the sharing of passwords to devices such as smartphones, laptops and iPads, and transform “millions of people who engage in this ubiquitous, useful, and generally harmless conduct into unwitting federal criminals.” McKeown, however, said this approach ignored reality and could enable criminals to escape prosecution after they found obliging employees willing to “willy-nilly give out passwords.” The appeals court had in April 2012 dismissed other counts accusing Nosal of CFAA violations. The case is U.S. v. Nosal, 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, No. 14-10037. ",1
8872,Factbox: FBI vs. Clinton - Seven points of contention,"(Reuters) - FBI Director James Comey undercut some of the main arguments Hillary Clinton has made in defense of her use of an unauthorized private email system while she was U.S. secretary of state.  The Federal Bureau of Investigation began investigating Clinton’s email system after government watchdogs found that some of her messages contained classified government secrets last year. Comey is recommending that Clinton not face criminal charges. But in an unusual step, he used a news conference to give a public rebuttal on Tuesday of the defenses offered by Clinton over the last year. Here are seven times that Comey contradicts Clinton: Clinton said: Clinton said in March 2015 that she returned “anything that could be possibly viewed as work related.” She later swore under oath that she returned all her work emails to the State Department in 2014, some 30,000 in all. Comey said: The FBI recovered “several thousand” work emails that were not returned to the State Department. Comey has “reasonable confidence” that there was no deliberate effort to withhold these messages.   Clinton said: Clinton has repeatedly said she did not send or receive any classified information through her private email system, and that emails being released to the public that were now marked classified were being retroactively “upgraded.” Comey said: The FBI found 110 emails in 52 email chains that contained information that was classified at the time the messages were sent. Eight of those chains contained Top Secret information, the highest level of government classification; another 36 chains contained Secret information, and eight contained confidential information. Clinton said: Clinton has repeatedly said she did not send or receive any emails that were “marked” classified. Comey said: A “very small number” of emails were marked as containing classified information. “But even if information is not marked ‘classified’ in an email, participants who know or should know that the subject matter is classified are still obligated to protect it,” Comey said. Clinton said:      The “security and integrity” of the email system were taken seriously, and “robust protections” were put in place, according to her staff in March 2015. Comey said: The system was “not even supported by full-time security staff, like those found at departments and agencies of the U.S. government, or even with a commercial service like Gmail.” Clinton said: Clinton said there is no evidence there was ever a breach of her email system. Comey said:  It would be unlikely to find “direct evidence” of Clinton’s email system being hacked, but the FBI believes “it is possible that hostile actors gained access.” “Hostile actors” also gained access to some people Clinton corresponded with on her email system. Clinton said: “I’m certainly well aware of the classification requirements,” Clinton said in March 2015. Comey said: Clinton and her colleagues were “extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information.” Clinton said: Clinton has maintained that her email system was allowed and that she did nothing wrong. She has also said it was a “mistake” and apologized for it. Comey said:  There is no evidence that Clinton and her colleagues intended to break the law, but people who engage in similar activity are “often subject to security or administrative sanctions.” ",1
8873,"Obama hits campaign trail, says ready to 'pass baton' to Clinton","CHARLOTTE, N.C. (Reuters) - After months on the sidelines, President Barack Obama joined Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton on the campaign trail at a rally in North Carolina on Tuesday, telling voters he was ready to “pass the baton” to his former secretary of state. Obama took the microphone in Charlotte, chanting “Hillary!” and told the crowd there had never been a candidate as prepared to be president as Clinton, his rival in 2008 for the Democratic nomination. “I’ve run my last campaign, and I couldn’t be prouder of the things we’ve done together, but I’m ready to pass the baton,” Obama said, in what was likely to be the first of many trips this year on Clinton’s behalf. “I know Hillary Clinton is going to take it, and I know she can run that race,” he said. Obama was returning the favor after Clinton backed him in 2008’s general election. This year, he waited while she battled U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders for the Democratic nomination before endorsing Clinton last month once she became the party’s presumptive nominee. In Charlotte, Clinton preceded Obama, saying, “We’re going to build on the vision for America that President Obama has always championed, a vision for a future where we do great things together.” The North Carolina trip came the same day that Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey said the agency would not recommend that Clinton face criminal charges over her use of a personal email system while secretary of state. White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Obama did not get advance notice of Comey’s announcement and said the president would not discuss the FBI’s investigation with Clinton. Clinton’s campaign welcomed the end of a probe that had cast a cloud over her campaign, but Republicans seized on Comey’s criticism of what he termed Clinton’s “extremely careless” handling of emails.  Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump, who was due to campaign in Raleigh, North Carolina, on Tuesday, criticized FBI recommendation, tweeting, “As usual, bad judgment.”  The first joint campaign appearance by Obama and Clinton was initially planned for soon after she clinched the Democratic nomination. But it was postponed following the mass shooting on June 12 at a nightclub in Orlando, Florida. On Tuesday, Obama appeared at ease back on the campaign trail. He mocked Trump’s promise to “Make America Great Again,” saying, “America is really great.” And he sought to contrast Clinton’s preparedness for the White House and passion for helping working families with Trump, a political neophyte he referred to at times as “the other guy.” “Everybody can tweet, but nobody actually knows what it takes to do the job until you’ve sat behind the desk,” he said, an apparent reference to the wealthy New York businessman’s fondness for Twitter. Clinton hopes to reclaim North Carolina for the Democrats in the Nov. 8 election. Obama won the state in the 2008 general election but lost it narrowly in his 2012 re-election. Obama’s appearance with the former first lady closes a circle on a relationship that began cordially when the two were U.S. Senate colleagues, grew tense when they were presidential rivals in 2008, and became close when Clinton served in Obama’s Cabinet during his first term. Clinton and her family have played a role in Obama’s elections. Clinton and Obama appeared together in Unity, New Hampshire, following their divisive primary fight in 2008, and Clinton’s husband, former President Bill Clinton, gave a well-received speech at the 2012 Democratic convention. Obama has focused on what he touts as Clinton’s strength of character, in hopes of shoring up support among voters who find her untrustworthy, a weakness Trump has sought to exploit. Clinton needs Obama to woo young and left-leaning voters who backed Sanders and who made up part of the president’s voting coalition in 2008 and 2012. Clinton has also campaigned with high-profile liberal U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren, and she will appear later this week with Vice President Joe Biden. Clinton and Obama traveled to North Carolina on the presidential plane Air Force One, which Trump characterized as a burden on taxpayers. A Clinton spokesman said the campaign would cover its portion of the travel costs. ",1
8874,U.S. legislators to call for release of Americans held by Iran,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A resolution calling for Iran to release two U.S. citizens imprisoned there for months will be introduced on Wednesday by House of Representatives Foreign Affairs Committee chairman Ed Royce, a Republican, and Democratic Representative Gerry Connolly, their offices said. The resolution will call for Iran to immediately and unconditionally release businessman Siamak Namazi and his father, Baquer Namazi, 80, both of whom have dual citizenship. The text of the resolution was seen by Reuters. It will also call for U.S. President Barack Obama to undertake efforts to secure their release.  Siamak Namazi was detained by the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps in October while visiting relatives and has been barred from leaving Iran since July 2015. His father was arrested in Tehran in February. “Iran’s continued wrongful jailing of Americans is very disturbing,” Royce said in an emailed statement on Tuesday. “Siamak and Baquer Namazi deserve to be free and with their families, and this resolution should push President Obama to step up efforts to bring them home.” The resolution “encourages the President to utilize appropriate measures” against Iran’s government if the Namazis are not released, but it stops short of calling for economic sanctions, a specific request by a representative of the Namazi family, said one source familiar with the resolution who declined to be named. Siamak Namazi has criticized sanctions against Iran, writing in a 2013 opinion piece in the New York Times that Western sanctions had blocked medicines from reaching the country.  U.S. State Department spokesman Sam Werberg said the agency does not comment on resolutions before they have been formally introduced. He added, “We are not aware of any charges against either Siamak or Baquer and we believe that both reported detentions are unjust.”  Five American citizens were released from Iranian prisons in January as part of a prisoner swap with the United States.  Iran has detained several other dual nationals since that swap, including Homa Hoodfar, a Canadian-Iranian woman, Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, a British-Iranian woman and project manager with the Thomson Reuters Foundation, and Nazak Afshar, a French-Iranian woman. ",1
8875,U.S. State Department disputes FBI view that it has lax security culture,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department said on Tuesday it disagreed with FBI Director James Comey’s assessment that the department as a whole has a lax attitude toward security compared to other U.S. government agencies. “We don’t share the broad assessment made of our institution that there’s a lax culture here when it comes to protecting classified information. We take it very, very seriously,” State Department spokesman John Kirby told a news briefing. His comments came after Comey announced some of the results of the FBI’s yearlong investigation into former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server while she was in office. Comey said the FBI found evidence of a general lack of care for classified information at the State Department. ",1
8876,Ryan slams Trump 'star' tweet,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan on Tuesday sharply criticized Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s Twitter post depicting Democratic rival Hillary Clinton against a backdrop of cash and a Star of David, saying anti-Semitic images have “no place in a presidential campaign.” “Candidates should know that,” Ryan, the highest-ranking elected Republican, said in an interview with radio station WTMJ in Milwaukee, two days before Trump was due to meet House and Senate Republicans in Washington. “I really believe he’s got to clean up the way his new media works,” he said, in a reference to Trump’s social media efforts. The presumptive Republican nominee has frequently used Twitter to skewer his opponents and push his proposals. The radio station posted audio from the interview on its website, and the Wisconsin congressman’s office provided a transcript of the session. Ryan’s comments came a day after Trump defended the tweet, saying he had not meant the six-pointed star to refer to the Star of David, which is a symbol of Judaism. Rather, he said, the star could have referred to a sheriff’s badge, which is shaped similarly except for small circles at the ends of each of its six points, or a “plain star.” Republican leaders were criticized in the U.S. media for not speaking out forcefully against the image attacking Clinton, which appeared over the U.S. Independence Day holiday weekend. “If I had to stop everything and comment to a ridiculous tweet sent out by this (Trump) campaign, I’d have no time for anything else,” said Ryan, who supports Trump but has repeatedly spoken out against Trump’s rhetoric, including his criticism of a Mexican-American judge. “My understanding is, this was done by staff not by he himself,” Ryan said. “But more importantly, they’ve got clean this thing up.” Trump is due to meet with House and Senate Republicans in Washington on Thursday. Ryan did not say whether the tweet was likely to come up.  House Republican leader Kevin McCarthy told reporters that the meeting would mainly focus on the newly released Republican agenda, which addresses six types of issue from poverty to tax reform. “But members will be free to talk about all different angles, and ideas, and probably some people will give their opinions and ideas on how to run the campaign,” McCarthy said. Asked about his comfort level with Trump, the California Republican replied: “I always look for constant improvement.” ",1
8877,White House says Obama will not discuss FBI probe with Clinton,"ABOARD AIR FORCE ONE (Reuters) - President Barack Obama will not speak with Hillary Clinton about the FBI’s investigation of Clinton’s use of private email servers while secretary of state, the White House said on Tuesday. “The president all along has believed that it is important for the Department of Justice to conduct their investigation free from any sort of perceived influence of the White House or anyone else in the federal government,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest said. Obama and Clinton, the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee, are traveling together on Air Force One to North Carolina on Tuesday for their first joint campaign rally for the 2016 election. ",1
8878,Speaker Ryan: declining to prosecute Clinton bad precedent,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan on Tuesday  attacked the decision by FBI Director James Comey to not recommend charges against Democrat Hillary Clinton for use of a private email server, saying it “defies explanation.” “Declining to prosecute Secretary Clinton for recklessly mishandling and transmitting national security information will set a terrible precedent,” Ryan, a Republican, said in a statement. “The findings of this investigation also make clear that Secretary Clinton misled the American people when she was confronted with her criminal actions.” ",1
8879,"FBI to recommend no charges in Clinton email probe, director says","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The FBI will recommend to the Justice Department that no charges be filed over Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server while secretary of state, agency Director James Comey said on Tuesday, lifting a cloud of uncertainty looming over her White House campaign. The agency found evidence of “extremely careless” handling of emails by Clinton, and that at least 110 emails contained classified information at the time they were sent, said Comey, announcing the result of a yearlong investigation. But the FBI concluded that “no reasonable prosecutor” would bring charges against Clinton, he said. “Although the Department of Justice makes final decisions on matters like this, we are expressing to Justice our view that no charges are appropriate in this case,” Comey told reporters in Washington. His recommendation will likely stand. The country’s top prosecutor, U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch, said on Friday she will accept the recommendations of career prosecutors and the FBI director on whether to charge Clinton for mishandling emails.  The FBI probe has dogged the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee’s campaign for the past year and has contributed to her low poll ratings on honesty and trustworthiness. Republicans pointed to the controversy as evidence that Clinton considered herself above the law. Donald Trump, Clinton’s Republican rival for the Nov. 8 election, has hammered her on the issue, saying the investigation should disqualify Clinton from being president. On Tuesday, he said the FBI decision was unfair. “The system is rigged,” he said on Twitter. “As usual, bad judgment.” The FBI has been investigating whether Clinton broke the law as result of a personal email server kept in her Chappaqua, New York, home while she was secretary of state from 2009 to 2013. One of the questions is whether she mishandled classified information on the server. Clinton has repeatedly said she never sent or received classified information on her private server. She had a  voluntary 3-1/2-hour interview with the Federal Bureau of Investigation on Saturday in Washington. Comey said, however, there was “evidence of potential violations of the statutes regarding the handling of classified information.”  But he said the FBI did not find that Clinton or her colleagues intended to violate the law, and there was no “intentional misconduct” by her lawyers who sorted her emails. He said her staff should have known the server was in an improper place for her emails. Comey also said there was no evidence that anyone had hacked Clinton’s communications, although it was possible. Republican lawmakers have called for an independent investigation, saying they do not trust the Justice Department to handle the inquiry with impartiality. Republican criticism increased after Clinton’s husband, former President Bill Clinton, met privately with Lynch last week. Lynch later said she regretted the meeting and the two did not discuss the investigation. ",1
8880,House No. 2 Republican says still questions Clinton's judgment in email matter,"(Reuters) - U.S. House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy said on Tuesday he was still troubled by Hillary Clinton’s use of a personal email server when she was secretary of State, even though the FBI has declined to recommend charges in the matter. “This is still very troubling,” McCarthy, the No. 2 House Republican, told reporters, adding that there was no way to know whether Clinton’s email server was ever successfully hacked. ",1
8881,Republican Trump says 'system is rigged' after Clinton email announcement,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump attacked the decision by FBI Director James Comey to not recommend charges against Democrat Hillary Clinton for use of a private email server, saying on Tuesday the “system is rigged.” “Very very unfair! As usual, bad judgment,” Trump wrote on Twitter soon after Comey’s announcement. “FBI director said Crooked Hillary compromised our national security. No charges. Wow!”  ",1
8882,"Clinton snags AFL-CIO official, former Sanders staffer, in labor outreach","LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has hired two people with close ties to U.S. organized labor to try to lock down support from union members as Republican candidate Donald Trump makes courting working-class voters central to his campaign.      The two new staffers, Lori D’Orazio and Michele Gilliam, are to be deputy labor campaign directors, according to a campaign aide. D’Orazio is moving to the campaign from the biggest U.S. labor federation, the AFL-CIO. Gilliam is a former staffer for Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, who was Clinton’s fiercest primary competitor.     Clinton and Sanders battled fiercely over union support during the Democratic primary, with Clinton, the presumptive nominee, ultimately securing the bulk of the national endorsements from labor unions. But she will need to harness the on-the-ground manpower of unions in crucial battleground states ahead of November’s general election match-up with the populist presumptive Republican nominee, Trump. The aide said the campaign is counting on D’Orazio and Gilliam to do just that. Although organized labor is a traditionally Democratic constituency, Trump has made a play to win over rank-and-file union members by criticizing international trade deals such as the pending Trans Pacific Partnership, which labor opposes. Even so, AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka warned last month when the federation endorsed Clinton that a Trump presidency would be disastrous for U.S. workers and vowed to mobilize the group’s resources to defeat him.  The AFL-CIO is the largest U.S. federation of labor unions that collectively represent more than 12 million workers. Before joining the AFL-CIO, D’Orazio worked for another large U.S. union, the United Auto Workers, and Gilliam once served as an organizer for a local chapter of the Transport Workers Union. ",1
8883,Trump defends 'star' tweet; Clinton says it's anti-Semitic,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Monday defended a social media post he made two days earlier that included an image depicting Democratic rival Hillary Clinton against a backdrop of cash and a Star of David, while Clinton called the image anti-Semitic. In a tweet on Monday, Trump said he had not meant the six-pointed star to refer to the Star of David, which is a symbol of Judaism. Rather, he said, the star could have referred to a sheriff’s badge, which is shaped similarly except for small circles at the ends of each of its six points, or a “plain star.” The presumptive Republican nominee later released a statement saying Clinton’s criticism of the image was an attempt to distract the public from “the dishonest behavior of herself and her husband.” He was referring to a heavily criticized private meeting last week between former President Bill Clinton and U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch as an investigation into Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server while secretary of state nears a conclusion. His tweet came after Mic News reported on Sunday that the image attacking Clinton - which included the words: “History made” and, inside the star, “most corrupt candidate ever!” - had been shared on a neo-Nazi web forum called /pol/. Reuters confirmed the image was posted there on June 22 by viewing a link to an archived version of a /pol/ page, although the page has since been updated and the image removed. “Donald Trump’s use of a blatantly anti-Semitic image from racist websites to promote his campaign would be disturbing enough, but the fact that it’s a part of a pattern should give voters major cause for concern,” Clinton, the presumptive Democratic nominee, said in a statement emailed to reporters on Monday.  The Nazis forced Jews to wear a Star of David on their clothing to identify themselves during the Holocaust. Trump posted and deleted the tweet on Saturday, then tweeted a similar image in which the star was replaced by a circle. On Monday, he lashed out at journalists for continuing to report on the original tweet. “Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff’s Star, or plain star!” Trump wrote on Twitter. Saturday’s incident was the latest departure by Trump from a recent effort to appease Republicans worried about his brash public persona by trying to appear more restrained. The Republican convention, where Trump is expected to be named the party’s nominee for the Nov. 8 presidential election, is two weeks away. In June, Trump fired his campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, and began using a teleprompter to make speeches, hoping to show his campaign could be more inclusive after he aroused controversy by referring to some Mexicans crossing the U.S. border illegally as “rapists,” and his mocking of a disabled reporter, which Clinton has begun using in attack ads against him. Ed Brookover, a senior adviser to the Trump campaign, said in an interview on CNN on Monday that the campaign felt it had “corrected” the issue about the star by deleting Trump’s original tweet.  Brookover said the image’s earlier appearance on the neo-Nazi forum was irrelevant.  “These images get posted and reposted and reposted on social media on many forums,” he said. “There was never any intention of anti-Semitism.” ",1
8884,Trump meets Senator Ernst amid vice presidential speculation,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump met with U.S. Senator Joni Ernst of Iowa on Monday, feeding speculation she could be on the short list for consideration as his vice presidential running mate, Fox News reported. Ernst told the network that she and the New York real estate mogul had a “good conversation.” “I will continue to share my insights with Donald about the need to strengthen our economy, keep our nation safe, and ensure America is always a strong, stabilizing force around the globe,” she said. Trump had tweeted that he would meet Ernst in New Jersey. “She has done a great job as Senator of Iowa!” he said. Trump met with Indiana Governor Mike Pence, also mentioned as a potential running mate, and his wife on Saturday. Republican sources have told Reuters that former House of Representatives Speaker Newt Gingrich and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie top Trump’s vice presidential short list. Other names to watch included U.S. Senators Bob Corker of Tennessee and Jeff Sessions of Alabama and Governor Mary Fallin of Oklahoma, the sources said. ",1
8885,U.S. senators warn against further troop cuts in Afghanistan,"KABUL (Reuters) - The international military mission in Afghanistan will fail if troop levels are reduced further, with potentially dangerous repercussions for the rest of the world, a delegation of U.S. lawmakers warned during a visit to Kabul on Monday. Fifteen years after an American-led operation toppled the Taliban in response to the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, President Barack Obama is considering whether to maintain the current level of 9,800 U.S. troops or reduce it to 5,500 by the end of the year, as current plans call for. “I cannot guarantee success if we keep 9,800, but I can ensure you failure if we go to 5,500,” Republican Senator Lindsey Graham told reporters in Kabul. “I will have a hard time supporting our continued presence here as it’s not fair to those left behind... They just can’t do the job. If we go to 5,500 this place will fall apart, quickly.” Graham joined U.S. senators John McCain, Benjamin Sasse, and Joe Donnelly in a visit timed so the bipartisan delegation could visit with troops during the Independence Day holiday. The Obama administration should decide on troop levels “sooner rather than later,” McCain said, arguing that reducing the number of troops could lead to a repeat of the disaster in Iraq, where Islamic State militants seized major cities and wide swathes of territory. McCain, the Republican chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, sharply criticized the White House’s decision last year to restrict U.S. forces from targeting Taliban fighters except in self-defense and other limited circumstances. Those rules were recently relaxed on the recommendation of American commanders in Kabul, but McCain said it was “almost criminal” that the restrictions were in place for more than a year. “The rules of engagement were so restrictive that it gave an advantage to the Taliban and other terrorist groups,” the senator said. The lawmakers highlighted Afghanistan’s history as one of the original havens for al Qaeda terrorists and pleaded for more patience. “Ultimately we’re going to win this fight, it’s just going to take decades,” Sasse said. “The American people well understand that staying partnered with a good ally like the Afghan government is the best way to deny future safe havens to those who would plot jihadi attacks across the globe.” ",1
8886,Top lawmakers confident in fairness of Clinton email probe,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Top lawmakers from both major U.S. political parties said on Sunday they trusted the Justice Department to appropriately handle its probe of presidential candidate Hillary Clinton’s private email server, after a heavily criticized meeting between Clinton’s husband and the U.S. attorney general. Republican Senators Lindsey Graham and John McCain said on CBS show “Face the Nation” that they would respect Attorney General Loretta Lynch’s decision on whether to prosecute Clinton, the likely Democratic presidential nominee.  Congressman Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, also said he respected the process, though he acknowledged Lynch’s private meeting last week at an airport with former President Bill Clinton was unfortunate. “I think both of them wish their airplanes had never come anywhere near each other,” Schiff said on “Face the Nation,” adding that he still had confidence in the DOJ and the Federal Bureau of Investigation to do a thorough investigation of Clinton’s email use. “If they say they are going to conduct this investigation by the book, I believe that’s what’s going to happen,” said Schiff, who supports Clinton for the party’s nomination. Lynch said on Friday that she would accept whatever recommendations the career prosecutors working on the case made about whether to prosecute Clinton. The lawmakers’ endorsement for the process follows Clinton’s meeting Saturday with investigators at the FBI’s Washington headquarters, where she answered questions for three and a half hours as part of the probe into use of her private email server. The FBI is investigating Clinton’s email use and whether laws were broken as a result of a personal email server kept in her Chappaqua, New York, home while she was secretary of state from 2009 to 2013. Lawmakers and political strategists speculated on Sunday that the FBI’s interview of Clinton signaled its investigation could be nearing its end. But the FBI offered no information about the status of the probe or who its targets may be. Clinton has long insisted she is not a target. Clinton herself said in comments to MSNBC on Saturday that she “was pleased to have the opportunity to assist the department in bringing its review to a conclusion.” Her rival, presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump, said it was “impossible” for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against her. The two have already begun an acrimonious battle ahead of the presidential election on Nov. 8. Democrats are hoping the issue will be resolved before their four-day convention in Philadelphia that begins July 25, which is expected to culminate with Clinton’s nomination for the presidential race. It is unclear what Democrats would do if Clinton were to be indicted and if any contingency plan exists.   Not all lawmakers said they were confident the Justice Department could maintain impartiality. Tom Cotton, a Republican senator, said on NBC’s “Meet the Press” on Sunday he thought Lynch’s meeting with Bill Clinton “raises questions about political interference in this investigation.” ",1
8887,"Senator McCain, visiting Pakistan, seeks better ties in Islamist fight","ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - U.S. Senator John McCain said on Sunday he would like relations between United States and Pakistan to improve as they have a common enemy in the Islamic State and other radical Islamist groups. Relations between Pakistan and United States have been frayed over the past decade, with U.S. officials frustrated by what they term Islamabad’s unwillingness to act against Islamist groups such as the Afghan Taliban and the Haqqani network. Pakistan rejects harboring militants but says there are limits to how much it can do as it is already fighting multiple Islamist groups and is wary of “blowback” in the form of more terror attacks on its soil.  McCain, visiting Pakistan as part of a U.S. delegation, said he had an “excellent meeting” with Pakistani foreign ministry officials. “We come back with a message that we have a common enemy in ISIS, radical Islam and terrorism, and we look forward to closer relations and resolving the differences we have,” McCain told Pakistan’s national PTV channel. Relations between United States and Pakistan were tested again in May by a U.S. drone strike that killed Afghan Taliban chief Mullah Akhtar Mansour on Pakistani soil.  As part of the visit, McCain traveled to Miranshah, the capital of the restive North Waziristan region bordering Afghanistan. The region was effectively run Islamists by groups such as the Pakistani Taliban and the Haqqani network until the Pakistani military launched operations against them in 2014. “I was very impressed with the progress (on the ground),” said McCain, who is the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee. “I see us working together in confronting a common challenge – radical Islamic terrorism – and these kinds of meetings are very helpful to both those countries,” McCain added. The Islamic State has struggled to gain a major foothold in Pakistan, analysts say, but officials worry the group may pose a threat in the future.  Pakistan said the country’s top foreign policy official Sartaj Aziz had briefed the U.S. delegation - which includes Senators Lindsey Graham, Benjamin Sasse and Joe Donnelly - about faltering peace talks to end the civil war in Afghanistan. So far China, United States and Pakistan have struggled to persuade the Afghan Taliban to meaningfully embrace the talks. “No country had as much vital stakes in the success of these joint efforts, as Pakistan, (Aziz) remarked,” Pakistan’s foreign ministry said in a statement. ",1
8888,Californians seek pot of gold in marijuana legalization,"SACRAMENTO, Calif. - There is no guarantee California will vote to legalize recreational marijuana in November, but political operative and father of four Daniel Conway has already staked his future on it. Conway left his job as chief of staff to Sacramento’s celebrity mayor, former Phoenix Suns NBA basketball star Kevin Johnson, to help start the marijuana investment company Truth Enterprises. He is one of hundreds in the most populous U.S. state already pushing ahead with plans to enter a market experts say will be worth $4 billion by 2020. “I’m someone of an age and of a demographic that sees the legalization and normalization of marijuana as inevitable,” said Conway, 35. “This was a chance not just to build companies but to build an industry.” With a population of nearly 40 million people, and a thriving medical marijuana trade legalized 20 years ago, California already has the United States’ largest legal marijuana market. Legalization of recreational pot would generate an estimated $1 billion in additional taxes per year. If voters in November approve a measure to legalize and tax marijuana that qualified last Tuesday for the ballot, California would be the fifth U.S. state - and by far the largest - to allow marijuana for recreational use, joining Colorado, Washington, Oregon and Alaska, as well as the District of Columbia. A similar ballot initiative failed in California in 2010, but recent polls show strong support for legalization. The latest effort is backed by mainstream leaders including Lieutenant Governor Gavin Newsom, who helped negotiate the regulations and taxes it would impose. Eight other states, including Nevada and Maine, also have recreational or medical marijuana proposals headed for their 2016 ballots. California’s sheer size as the world’s 6th largest economy means a decision by its voters to legalize marijuana could accelerate the trend elsewhere. “I don’t believe there will be any precedent in the United States that can compare to it except for maybe the Gold Rush,” said Leslie Bocskor, whose Nevada-based private equity firm, Electrum Partners, advises and invests in marijuana-related businesses. The lure of wealth in an uncharted industry is so great that thousands of people are jostling for position, said Bocskor. Since January, 115 new California companies have joined the National Cannabis Industry Association, bringing total membership in the state to 330, said Deputy Director Taylor West. New companies include cultivators, dispensaries, laboratories, law partnerships, accountants, software developers, insurers and more, she said. Their challenge is to set up an infrastructure for a business that is not yet legal. Conway and his business partner, General Hydroponics CEO Ross Haley, for example, recently purchased farmland in Northern California that they hope to use to grow marijuana but would not say where before the measure is passed. Newport Beach-based Terra Tech is trying to prepare for recreational sales while building a legal business within the state’s medical marijuana marketplace, which has annual sales of $2.7 billion. The company spent more than $800,000 designing and remodeling its Oakland dispensary to look more like a high-end lounge than a drab medical clinic, said CEO Derek Peterson. It also developed colorful packaging for its marijuana instead of dispensing it in prescription bottles. Despite such optimism, passage of the California measure is not certain. It is opposed by many of the same law enforcement and health care groups who helped defeat the 2010 initiative. But this time backers have the deep pockets of former Facebook president Sean Parker, support from Newsom - a Democrat expected to run for governor in 2018 - and a switch in attitude among voters who saw legalization come on line in other states. The measure would allow adults age 21 and older to possess up to one ounce of marijuana, cultivate up to six plants and sets rules for commercial cultivation, manufacture and sale. It includes rules aimed at keeping cannabis products from children, preventing impaired driving and requiring licenses for sellers. Newsom said he is backing it as a way to responsibly manage legalization, which he views as inevitable but necessary to handle carefully. “As a guy with four kids, who doesn’t like the drug, doesn’t like the smell, doesn’t want my kids to think it’s normalized, this is my number one concern,” Newsom said.",1
8889,FBI interviews Hillary Clinton in private server probe,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Federal Bureau of Investigation interviewed Democratic U.S. presidential candidate Hillary Clinton for three and a half hours on Saturday as part of the probe into her use of a private email server while serving as secretary of state, her campaign said. The interview at FBI headquarters in Washington followed a week of intense public focus on the investigation and on  Clinton’s viability as a presidential candidate, with four months to go to the election. Her campaign has tried for months to downplay the controversy as a distraction.   In an interview broadcast on MSNBC, Clinton said she was happy to do the FBI interview, which her spokesman earlier described as “voluntary.”  “I’ve been answering questions for over a year” regarding the private email server, Clinton said. It was not clear if the questioning of Clinton signaled an imminent conclusion to the investigation in a pivotal time for the presidential race. It does follow FBI interviews of several of Clinton’s former staff members, as well as her top aide Huma Abedin.  Clinton is expected to be formally nominated as the Democratic candidate for the Nov. 8 presidential election at the party’s convention in less than four weeks.  “Timing of FBI interview, between primaries and convention, probably good timing for @HillaryClinton,” tweeted David Axelrod, a former senior adviser to President Barack Obama who served as the chief strategist for his two presidential campaigns. “Best to get it behind her.” Clinton is currently the front-runner for the White House with polls showing her leading presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump. In a tweet on Saturday, Trump said it was “impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton. What she did was wrong!”   He also criticized Clinton’s husband, former President Bill Clinton, for meeting privately with Attorney General Loretta Lynch earlier this week, which Lynch later said she regretted, though she said they did not discuss the investigation.  “What Bill did was stupid!” Trump tweeted. The FBI is investigating whether anyone in Clinton’s operation broke the law as result of a personal email server kept in her Chappaqua, New York, home while she was secretary of state from 2009 to 2013. One of the questions is whether they mishandled classified information on the server.   Clinton and her staff have struggled to respond to accusations that her use of the server in violation of State Department protocol means she is untrustworthy. Trump has said the investigation should disqualify her from being president. “@HillaryClinton campaign statement says She “voluntarily” met w @FBI for 3.5 hours this morning - yeah, lots of people volunteer 2 do that,” tweeted the Republican National Committee’s communications director, Sean Spicer. FBI Director James Comey said in testimony to Congress in March he felt pressure to complete the investigation quickly. Adding to the uncertainty over Clinton is the FBI’s refusal to say who is the target of its investigation. Republican lawmakers have called for an independent investigation, saying they do not trust the Justice Department to handle the inquiry with impartiality. Republicans, including Trump, intensified their criticism of the process on Thursday after news emerged of Lynch’s meeting with Bill Clinton.  Lynch said she would accept whatever recommendations the career prosecutors working on the case made about whether to prosecute Clinton. The FBI probe and the partisan fight over the server have added an extra layer of uncertainty to one of the most tumultuous presidential races in recent memory. Trump, a political novice once dismissed by the Republican establishment, will likely emerge this month as the party’s nominee and has set his sights on Clinton, who he has labeled “Crooked Hillary.”  Clinton held a nine-point lead over Trump in a Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Friday. ",1
8890,Trump tweet attacking Clinton employs image of Jewish star,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Saturday tweeted an image of rival Hillary Clinton alongside hundred-dollar bills and a Jewish star bearing the words “most corrupt candidate ever!”, prompting outrage and bafflement on social media.   Two hours after his initial tweet, Trump tweeted a similar image in which the six-pointed Star of David - which appears on Israel’s flag and which Jews were forced to wear on their clothing by the Nazis during the Holocaust - was replaced by a circle. The original tweet was deleted. Critics said the image featuring the star harkened back to centuries-old anti-Semitic stereotypes, such as the belief that Jews are greedy. “Just saw #DonaldTrump’s Star of David tweet. I’m impressed by his ability to find a way to insult literally every kind of human being,” screenwriter Cole Haddon wrote on Twitter. “A Star of David, a pile of cash, and suggestions of corruption. Donald Trump again plays to the white supremacists,” wrote Erick Erickson, a conservative radio host who has been critical of Trump. The tweets originated from Trump’s account, @realDonaldTrump, and no other users were mentioned in them. It was not clear whether someone inside Trump’s campaign made the image or whether he found it somewhere else. Hope Hicks, a spokeswoman for Trump, did not respond to a request for comment. The presumptive Republican nominee has been trying to assuage fears within his own party that he is alienating potential voters with offensive statements about Muslims, Latinos and women. Last month, Trump fired his campaign manager Corey Lewandowski and began delivering speeches using a teleprompter, an abrupt change in style that was seen as an attempt to appear more presidential ahead of the Nov. 8 election. Saturday’s tweet was a reminder of the unrestrained side of Trump. The candidate has mocked a disabled newspaper reporter, referred to undocumented immigrants from Mexico as “rapists” and recently pointed to a black man in the crowd at one of his rallies and called him “my African-American.” ",1
8891,North Carolina lawmakers adjourn after leaving transgender law largely unchanged,"(Reuters) - North Carolina lawmakers adjourned for the year on Friday night after leaving mostly intact a law restricting transgender bathroom access that has drawn condemnation and jeopardized the state’s efforts to host the NBA All-Star Game, officials said. The law passed in March made North Carolina the first U.S. state to require transgender people to use restrooms in public buildings and schools that match the sex on their birth certificate rather than their gender identity. The National Basketball Association has said it could move its All-Star Game out of Charlotte, North Carolina, and has cited concerns over the law’s effects on principles of inclusion and equal protection that league officials say they uphold.   A spokesman for the NBA could not immediately be reached for comment. North Carolina state Representative Chris Sgro, a Democrat who opposes the law, which is known as House Bill 2, said he had hoped lawmakers would vote on Friday on whether to repeal it. But they adjourned for the year without holding that vote, he said. “It probably means that we’re going to have to come back for a special session because we’re going to lose the All-Star Game if we don’t,” Sgro, who is executive director of the gay rights group Equality North Carolina, said in a phone interview. The NBA All-Star Game is scheduled for February 2017. President Barack Obama, business leaders, entertainers and some prominent politicians have criticized House Bill 2, saying it is unfair to transgender people. State lawmakers on Friday addressed one point of controversy over House Bill 2 by restoring the right to sue for wrongful termination in state court on allegations of discrimination based on age, sex, race or other factors, officials said.  House Bill 2 had removed that right and required such suits to be filed in federal court. The office of Senate Leader Phil Berger, a Republican, said in a statement the change addressed concerns from the state’s governor and others.  But Berger expressed continued support for House Bill 2.    “Protecting the safety and privacy of North Carolina families by keeping grown men out of bathrooms, shower facilities and changing rooms with women and young girls has always been our primary objective,” Berger said in a statement.  On Thursday, an NBA statement said no final decision had yet been made regarding the All-Star Game. ",1
8892,"Gingrich, Christie lead Trump list of vice presidential options","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie top Donald Trump’s short list to be his vice presidential running mate, sources said, but the candidate is casting a wide net that also includes several U.S. senators and other governors. With less than three weeks to go until his formal nomination at the Republican National Convention as the party’s candidate in the Nov. 8 election, Trump’s search for a No. 2 has intensified. The wealthy businessman, a political neophyte, has said he wants a political veteran to help him navigate the power corridors of Washington.Gingrich and Christie, both loyal to Trump at a time when many Republican colleagues want nothing to do with him, would meet his requirement for experience - but would come with minuses as well as pluses. Other names to watch include U.S. Senators Bob Corker of Tennessee, Joni Ernst of Iowa and Jeff Sessions of Alabama and Governors Mike Pence of Indiana and Mary Fallin of Oklahoma, Republicans close to the campaign said this week.     Trump has set up a meeting with Pence this weekend, a spokesman for the governor said on Friday. The New Yorker has also met with Corker and Fallin. “Mr. Trump is meeting with a number of Republican leaders in the run-up to the convention in Cleveland, and he has a good relationship with Gov. Pence,” Trump spokesman Jason Miller said in an email response to a question from Reuters. An experienced running mate also could help with fundraising. Hillary Clinton, the presumptive Democratic nominee, raised more than $40 million for her campaign in June and about $28 million for her party. Trump, who largely self-funded his primary run, has not yet released June fundraising numbers.  Trump is expected to name his running mate close to the July 18-21 convention.  Gingrich, who was speaker of the House of Representatives in the 1990s and ran for president in 2012, is a popular conservative writer and speaker, and has been an important behind-the-scenes voice in urging Trump to adopt a more presidential demeanor. But because Trump is 70 and Gingrich is 73, they could face difficulty appealing to a younger generation. Christie quickly endorsed Trump after quitting the race early this year. A source said the 53-year-old governor has emerged as a key adviser to Trump and his campaign team. A source said Christie was instrumental in coaxing Trump to be less confrontational with a Mexican-American federal judge overseeing a fraud case involving Trump. One clue to Christie’s rising importance came earlier this week when some campaign supporters held a conference call to discuss strategy and talking points for media appearances. A source said that during the call Christie’s name was raised as someone who might comment on former President Bill Clinton’s meeting earlier this week with Attorney General Loretta Lynch. As a former federal prosecutor, Christie would be a credible voice.  Monday night’s private meeting of Clinton and Lynch, the top U.S. law enforcement officer, has been criticized because Hillary Clinton is under federal investigation for using a private email server when she was Democratic President Barack Obama’s secretary of state. The source said campaign associates made clear Christie was not to be used for this purpose. “They’re saving him for the general election,” the source said. “They don’t want to overexpose him.” Still, many Republicans are waiting to see whether Christie is named as an unindicted co-conspirator in a 2014 case involving charges that lanes on the George Washington Bridge were closed in New Jersey for political reasons. Corker, 63, offers Trump deep foreign policy experience as chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and, like Trump, believes the Republican Party needs shaking up. His stock may have gone down, however, because he has not hesitated to criticize the candidate at times. Ernst, a first-term senator and military veteran, could help improve Trump’s standing with women. She tacitly supported rival Marco Rubio during the Republican nominating campaign, though she has promised to support the party’s nominee. Ernst, who turned 46 on Friday, said earlier this month that the Trump campaign had not contacted her. The same goes for Oklahoma’s Fallin, who was among several Republican governors who met jointly with Trump in June. “It’s an honor to be mentioned for the office of vice president. I have not had any conversation with Mr. Trump about the vice presidency,” Fallin, 61, said in a statement. Some Republicans could be considered even if they have not had recent contact with the campaign. Alice Stewart, a former spokeswoman for U.S. Senator Ted Cruz’s presidential campaign, said the Texan’s running mate, Carly Fiorina, was only told late in the vetting that she might be picked. Trump’s vetting is being conducted by Washington lawyer A.B. Culvahouse, a longtime fixture in national Republican politics. ",1
8893,U.S. House Republican gun bill draws the ire of Democrats,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives on Friday introduced a measure intended to prevent gun sales to people on government watch lists, only to draw demands from Democrats for stronger proposals and a warning of possible new protests. A week after Democrats ended a 25-hour sit-in on the House floor to call for gun legislation after the June 12 mass shooting in Orlando, Florida, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, a Republican, said lawmakers will vote next week on a measure giving government authorities three days to convince a judge that someone on a terrorism watch list should not be allowed to obtain a firearm. “It is a responsible measure that confronts this threat while protecting the rights of law-abiding citizens,” House Speaker Paul Ryan said in a statement. But in a Friday conference call, House Democrats reached “a clear consensus” to oppose the measure, calling it the handiwork of the National Rifle Association, an aide said. Similar legislation, backed by the NRA, was blocked by Democrats in the Senate last week.  Democrats also called for two amendments: one to allow the U.S. attorney general to decide without court approval whether someone on a watch list could buy a gun and another to expand existing background checks to all commercial gun sales including those at guns shows. Democratic Representatives John Lewis of Georgia and John Larson of Connecticut, who led last week’s sit-in, asked for a meeting with Ryan to request votes on the amendments, which consist of legislation originally sponsored by Republican Peter King of New York. Ryan agreed to meet with the Democrats next Tuesday, Republican and Democratic aides said. “If these amendments are not allowed, then members will have further discussions about possible actions to take in response to this refusal to allow a vote on commonsense gun legislation,” said another House Democratic aide. AshLee Strong, a Ryan spokeswoman, said the House speaker “looks forward to meeting with Congressmen Lewis and Larson to discuss the important action the House will take to prevent terrorist attacks.” The new Republican proposal, which would apply to anyone who has been suspected of violent extremism within the past five years, would require authorities to show probable cause that a would-be buyer “will commit an act of terrorism” or violates existing prohibitions on undocumented immigrants, fugitives, convicts and people with mental illness. The gun provisions were tucked into a bill aimed at stepping up efforts against terrorism, including what the legislation referred to as “radical Islamist terrorism.” Some Republicans have criticized Democrats for avoiding such terms to describe events like the Orlando shooting, where a gunman pledging allegiance to Islamic State killed 49 people last month. Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, said recently that President Barack Obama should resign for not having used “radical Islam” in a statement responding to the Orlando massacre, in which police identified the shooter as a U.S. citizen born in New York to Afghan immigrants. The NRA said it was reviewing the legislation, while the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence said the legislation proposed by House Republicans was a publicity stunt. ",1
8894,"Chicago police, lawmakers seek harsher sentences for gun offenders","CHICAGO (Reuters) - With murders and shootings soaring in Chicago this year, the city’s police chief and state lawmakers announced on Friday they will push for new laws setting harsher sentences for repeat offenders of gun crimes in Illinois. The law, which would be known as the Violent Gun Offenders Sentencing Act, is in its infant stages and would provide presumptive guidelines that judges would have to follow when ordering repeat criminals to serve jail time. Judges would be required to implement penalties on the higher range of existing sentencing laws. “Part of the goal is to incapacitate, get these violent offenders off the street,” state Senator Kwame Raoul said at a news conference announcing the proposed legislation. Raoul said he would sponsor the legislation along with Senator Antonio Muñoz and Representative Michael Zalewski, all Democrats.  Chicago, the third-largest U.S. city, has had 307 murders so far this year, up 50 percent from the same period last year, and 1,548 shootings, up 52 percent from the same period last year, according to police statistics. Police have blamed the violence largely on gangs and a proliferation of stolen guns. There were nearly 500 homicides last year, and gun violence is up in 2016, police say. More than 50 people involved in shootings and murders in Chicago this year would have been in prison at the time of the incident if the proposed tougher sentencing policies were in place, the police department said in a statement on Friday. Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson said the law is not designed to penalize responsible gun owners, but focus on the individuals “who tell us ‘I don’t care.’” Legislators in the state capital, Springfield, have frequently rejected gun control measures proposed by lawmakers from Chicago. A proposal made in 2013 by Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel to impose tougher sanctions for illegal gun possession did not get through the state Assembly because of opposition from black lawmakers who said it could lead to higher incarceration rates for blacks in Chicago communities already struggling with high numbers of former inmates who cannot find jobs. ",1
8895,Democrats' draft platform calls for reviews of trade deals,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Democratic Party’s 2016 policy platform calls for reviews of trade deals, wider health coverage through public programs such as Medicare, and federal investigations of fossil fuel companies accused of misleading shareholders on climate change, according to a draft version released on Friday. The committee drafting the platform last weekend approved the document, which spells out the party’s policy priorities. It still must be formally adopted at the Democratic National Convention, to be held in Philadelphia in July. ",1
8896,"New Jersey Governor Christie halts road, bridge projects","(Reuters) - New Jersey Governor Chris Christie ordered a halt to non-essential road, bridge and mass transit projects late Thursday after lawmakers failed to reauthorize the state fund that pays for them. Christie’s executive order calls for the state Department of Transportation and New Jersey Transit to devise a plan before midnight Saturday for the “orderly” shutdown of projects funded by the Transportation Trust Fund. Federally funded projects will continue, Christie said in his executive order.  The state expects to receive an estimated $906 million of federal transportation aid, according to the state treasurer’s annual report. New Jersey’s ability to borrow for new transportation projects ran out on Friday, the start of the new fiscal year. The trust fund already has about $16 billion of outstanding debt for existing road projects. The fund has roughly $80 million left, said Assembly Transportation Committee Chairman John Wisniewski, who called Christie’s executive order “pure theater.”         Without new appropriations or bond proceeds, the authority cannot pay vendors for construction. Projects at any stage - procurement, design and construction - are affected by Christie’s order, the Department of Transportation said. About a month ago, lawmakers discussed issuing grant anticipation revenue bonds, or so-called GARVEEs, as a stop-gap measure, but the idea was never acted upon, Wisniewski told Reuters. The flow of federal money backing those bonds is often uncertain from year to year. “You can’t do an annual capital program on GARVEE bonds,” he said. Christie ordered the remaining money in the fund to be held only for the most essential projects “in order to protect the health, safety and welfare” of New Jerseyans, he said. Christie had hatched a late-night deal earlier this week with the Assembly to raise the state gasoline tax by 23 cents to 37.5 cents per gallon to replenish the fund. In exchange, the sales tax rate would shrink 1 percentage point to 6 percent, which could lead to an annual $1.7 billion shortfall in future budgets. But the Senate ended its session on Thursday without replenishing the program, which is expected to run out of money in August.  Senators were pushing their own bill, which would have phased out the estate tax on wealthy residents instead of reducing sales taxes. Christie also stripped several items out of the legislature’s budget on Thursday, signing a reduced $34.5 billion budget for fiscal 2017 that is just 2.1 percent higher than that for fiscal 2016. ",1
8897,"California tightens gun control laws, expands assault weapons ban","SACRAMENTO, Calif. (Reuters) - California Governor Jerry Brown on Friday signed a sweeping package of gun control bills, banning high-capacity ammunition magazines and expanding the definition of prohibited assault weapons in the wake of mass shootings in San Bernardino and Orlando. Democrats in the legislature rushed the measures through in hopes of passing them before their summer break, in part to try to forestall a competing gun control proposal headed for the November ballot.  California already has some of the toughest gun control laws in the nation, but after the shooting spree in the Southern California city of San Bernardino last December, lawmakers began work on measures they said would close unintended loopholes. “My goal in signing these bills is to enhance public safety by tightening our existing laws in a responsible and focused manner, while protecting the rights of law-abiding gun owners,” Brown said in a signing measure. It was a rare success for advocates of greater gun control.      U.S. lawmakers have fallen short in attempts to tighten gun laws after the killing of 49 people at a gay nightclub in Orlando last month.  Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives introduced a measure on Friday that would give authorities three days to prove that someone on a terrorism watch list should not be allowed to obtain a firearm. But Democrats rejected it as “toothless.” The bills signed by Brown ban so-called bullet buttons, which allow quick changes in the magazine of a military-style weapon, and require background checks for purchasers of ammunition. Ammunition magazines that hold more than 10 bullets at a time will also be banned, and background checks will be needed for people borrowing guns from non-family members. Brown also vetoed several bills, including one that would have allowed co-workers, educators and mental health professionals to request restraining orders forbidding people deemed dangerous from owning guns.  Gun rights advocates called bills a “Gunpocalypse.”  “The California Legislature showed their true faces today,” said Craig DeLuz, spokesman for the Firearms Policy Coalition. “They abused the legislative process to enact their depraved anti-civil rights agenda.” Their efforts spilled into intra-party politics as well, after Lieutenant Governor Gavin Newsom, who is expected to run for governor in 2018, gathered enough signatures to place his own gun control referendum on the November ballot.  The move angered the state Senate’s top Democrat, Kevin de Leon, who had been working to pass many of the same measures through the legislature.  Worried in part that Newsom’s initiative would boost turnout in November among Republicans who oppose gun control, legislative Democrats rushed to pass their bills in time for Newsom to withdraw his measure. But the lieutenant governor refused. “Today’s steps in the right direction will grow into a giant leap forward for public safety if voters pass the Safety for All initiative to keep guns and ammo out of the wrong hands,” he said.    ",1
8898,Clinton's lead over Trump narrows to 9 points: Reuters/Ipsos,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Democratic presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton’s lead over Republican Donald Trump has dipped into the single digits among likely U.S. voters for the first time in nearly two weeks, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Friday. The June 27-July 1 poll showed a 9.4 percentage point lead for the former secretary of state over the New York businessman, down slightly from an 11.2 point lead in a previous five-day poll that ended on June 28. Clinton had maintained a double-digit lead in the rolling poll since June 20, as she recovered from a brief boost in Trump’s numbers in the wake of the mass shooting in Orlando, Florida, when he renewed a call for a ban on Muslim immigration. Among likely voters, 43.9 percent now support Clinton, compared with 34.5 percent for Trump. Another 21.7 percent of likely voters wouldn’t support either candidate. Clinton is more popular among men and women, young people and minorities, college graduates, and people who live on incomes that are both lower and higher than the national average. Trump has an edge among whites, people with lower levels of education, older Americans and retirees, and he leads among people who frequently attend church. Overall, voters have increasingly sided with Clinton since mid-May, when the two were about even in the poll.  Trump is expected officially to become the Republican presidential nominee when the party holds its convention in another 2-1/2 weeks. Clinton is expected to become the Democratic nominee when the Democrats hold their convention a week later. The poll, which included responses from 1,080 likely voters, has a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of 3.5 percentage points. Clinton’s lead had widened to as much as 14 percentage points in the past two weeks as Republican leaders criticized Trump for his opposition to international trade agreements and a string of nativist comments about Hipsanics and Muslims. Clinton’s campaign, meanwhile, has been dogged by allegations that she mishandled classified emails and failed to protect U.S. diplomats in Libya while secretary of state in Obama’s first administration. She denies wrongdoing.   ",1
8899,U.S. attorney general to accept FBI findings in Clinton email probe,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch, seeking to tamp down a firestorm over meeting with former President Bill Clinton, said on Friday she will accept the recommendations of career prosecutors and the FBI director on whether to charge Hillary Clinton for mishandling emails. The United States’ top law enforcement officer, however, stopped short of saying she would recuse herself from the investigation of the Democratic presidential candidate. “I will be informed of those findings, as opposed to never reading them or never seeing them, but I will be accepting their recommendations and their plan for going forward,” Lynch said. She was responding to questions from a Washington Post journalist who was introducing a talk by Lynch at the Aspen Ideas Festival, a gathering of government, technology and other business leaders in Aspen, Colorado. Republicans, including presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, have said a political appointee like Lynch should not be involved in the email investigation and that the Monday night meeting with Bill Clinton shows Lynch is too close to the Clintons. With a regretful tone, Lynch said on Friday she would not privately meet with Bill Clinton again and that she understood how the meeting “casts a shadow” over the perception of the Justice Department’s probe into Hillary Clinton’s email use. The attorney general said she has received many questions about her role in the investigation and “whether someone who was a political appointee would be involved in deciding how to investigate.”  Republican lawmakers have called for an independent investigation of Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server while secretary of state, saying the Obama administration’s Justice Department could not be free of bias.  In Washington, White House spokesman Josh Earnest told a daily news briefing that the investigation is being handled completely independently of the White House and President Barack Obama. Lynch was appointed by the Democratic president and sworn in on April 1, 2015, well after Hillary Clinton left Obama’s Cabinet in 2013. Career prosecutors are not appointed by a president and may serve through different administrations. The FBI director is appointed by the president but is not part of his Cabinet and is considered apolitical.   Lynch said on Friday that she had already decided to accept whatever recommendations prosecutors presented her before her meeting with Bill Clinton.  The private meeting with the former president took place on Lynch’s plane after she landed in Phoenix on Monday night. Bill Clinton was leaving the airport after a rally for his wife earlier that day. Lynch told reporters earlier this week that she did not discuss the email probe or other matters pending before the Justice Department with Bill Clinton, calling their meeting “primarily social.”  The FBI is investigating Hillary Clinton’s email use and whether laws were broken as a result of a personal email server kept in her Chappaqua, New York, home while she was secretary of state, an issue that has overshadowed her campaign. She apologized last year for using the server, saying that while she did nothing wrong, she should have used two email accounts: one for State Department business and another for personal matters. Representatives for her campaign could not be reached immediately for comment on Friday.  Trump on Thursday called Lynch’s meeting “a sneak” and questioned the judgment of both Bill Clinton and the attorney general. In a tweet on Friday, the wealthy businessman said the meeting showed the U.S. political system was “totally rigged” and that Hillary Clinton had bad judgment.  “Bill’s meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary!” Trump said on Twitter. The Justice Department, along with the White House, has said the probe should be free of political interference. ",1
8900,Puerto Rico says will default on $779 million of senior debt,"SAN JUAN (Reuters) - Puerto Rico on Friday said it will default on $779 million worth of constitutionally backed debt, its most senior bonds, making good on threats that the island would choose paying essential services for its citizens over obligations to creditors. Debt payments totaling just over $2 billion were due on Friday. Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla told reporters on Friday that overall the U.S. commonwealth territory will not pay $911 million worth of its obligations. The U.S. territory’s finances will soon come under a U.S. federal oversight board after U.S. President Barack Obama signed into law on Thursday a bill giving the island access to a debt restructuring process, and implementing a halt on litigation arising from any defaults on its $70 billion debt load. “Today, Puerto Rico is protected against creditors’ actions,” Garcia Padilla said. The General Obligation (GO) debt, or debt that carries a GO guarantee, is a category of debt that has not been defaulted upon by any U.S. state in decades. Puerto Rico is not covered by Chapter 9 U.S. bankruptcy code which applies to municipalities. Puerto Rico’s Government Development Bank (GDB) said on Friday the island would have just $95 million in cash at the end of the year even after the defaults announced on Friday. Puerto Rico’s benchmark 2035 GO bond rose 0.25 points in price to trade at 67.50 points, pushing the yield down to 12.519 percent. On Thursday Garcia Padilla authorized Puerto Rico, under a locally written debt moratorium law, to suspend some of the $2 billion in debt payments due on Friday. The developments on Friday represent the nadir of a decade-long effort by Puerto Rico to avoid economic collapse. The island is hamstrung by emigration and a 45 percent poverty rate.     “Even if the Commonwealth were to devote every last penny in the (accounts) to debt service on July 1, it would still owe holders of the public debt hundreds of millions of dollars,” the GDB said in a statement on Friday. Some of the debt expected to be defaulted upon such as PBA (Public Building Authority) ex-series L bonds will be mostly covered by reserve funds held by the trustee bank. Nearly all of the payments due on the Puerto Rico Infrastructure Financing Authority (PRIFA) Bond Anticipation Notes (BANs) will be covered by reserve funds as well.     If some of the debt is covered by insurance policies, some creditors could receive a portion of their payments.     The GDB, Puerto Rico’s primary fiscal agent, said the island has only $200 million in its operating account, and another $150 million in revenue that was redirected in recent months away from other debt payments.      Even if the island continues emergency measures like suspending vendor payments and withholding contributions to a pension fund that is already insolvent, the operating account will still run out of cash in 30 to 60 days, the GDB said. “We knew this day would come, that they would default, and it is here. It was a good thing they passed PROMESA, even at the eleventh hour,” Ted Hampton, senior credit officer at Moody’s Investors Service, said, referring to the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management and Economic Stability Act (PROMESA). Late on Thursday the island’s legislature approved an $8.9 billion fiscal 2017 budget, which now awaits Garcia Padilla’s signature. In the wee hours of Friday, Puerto Rico released long-awaited audited financial statements for fiscal year 2014, more than a year late.     The statements, audited by KPMG, showed, among other things, that Puerto Rico’s largest public pension has exhausted its assets and is now insolvent. Puerto Rico’s pensions have among the largest funding gaps in U.S. history. “When I entered office, Puerto Rico was property of Wall Street,” Garcia Padilla said, adding: “Today, everybody concludes that we have been telling the truth about Puerto Rico’s fiscal condition.” ",1
8901,Trump to meet Indiana Governor Mike Pence over the weekend,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump will meet this weekend with Indiana Governor Mike Pence, a Pence spokesman said on Friday, after a report the governor was being vetted as a potential running mate for the Republican presidential candidate. As the Republican candidate for vice president, Pence, a social conservative from a Midwestern state, could help the real estate mogul reassure wary Republicans. The governor, who faces a tight race for re-election to a second term in Indiana, has praised Trump in the past but did not back him in the Republican Party’s nominating race. “Governor Pence has accepted an invitation to spend a little time with Mr. Trump this weekend,” said Marc Lotter, deputy campaign manager of Pence’s re-election effort. “This meeting is very consistent with meetings Mr. Trump is holding with many key party leaders.” Earlier, MSNBC, citing unnamed sources, said Trump is considering Pence, 57, as a potential running mate. The network, which first reported the upcoming meeting, said it was part of the vetting process. New Jersey Governor Chris Christie and former U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Newt Gingrich are also under consideration to be Trump’s running mate, sources told Reuters.  “Trump is meeting with a number of Republican leaders in the run-up to the convention in Cleveland, and he has a good relationship with Gov. Pence,” Trump campaign spokesman Jason Miller said in an email. Republicans will hold their party convention July 18-21 in Cleveland to formally pick their nominee ahead of the Nov. 8 presidential election. Trump, 70, a real estate mogul and former television reality star, was scheduled to speak at rally in Colorado on Friday. He has said he has narrowed down his potential running mates to five or six contenders, according to media reports. On Thursday, Pence told reporters he had not spoken with Trump since before Indiana’s May 3 primary contest, MSNBC said. The governor had earlier pledged to back former Trump rival Ted Cruz, a U.S. senator from Texas and Tea Party favorite. ",1
8902,Clinton raises $68.5 million in June: campaign,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton in June raised more than $68.5 million for her campaign and the Democratic Party, the campaign said on Friday. Of the total raised, more than $40.5 million was brought in for her own election warchest and an additional $28 million was raised for the Democratic National Committee and state parties across the country. ",1
8903,Federal judge blocks Florida law to end abortion clinic funding,"TAMPA, Fla. (Reuters) - A federal judge has blocked parts of a new Florida law aiming to cut off state funding for preventive health services at clinics that also provide abortions, acting shortly before the restrictions took effect on Friday. U.S. District Judge Robert Hinkle issued a preliminary injunction late on Thursday after state Planned Parenthood affiliates challenged certain provisions as unconstitutional. Hinkle found the clinics were unacceptably targeted by state efforts to eliminate funding for other healthcare services they also provide, such as birth control and screening for cancer and sexually transmitted diseases. “The state’s only beef is that the plaintiffs provide abortions,” he wrote, noting that Florida already prohibits funding for abortions, as courts have held permissible. Florida is among many states adopting new abortion laws as conservatives seek to chip away at the U.S. Supreme Court’s landmark 1973 Roe v. Wade decision legalizing abortion. Supporters argued that the wide-ranging law adopted this spring in Florida would protect women’s health. It included restrictions similar to those in a Texas law that the U.S. Supreme Court struck down earlier this week. Planned Parenthood, however, did not challenge in its lawsuit a related provision requiring doctors performing abortions to have admitting privileges at nearby hospitals, a type of formal affiliation that can be difficult to obtain. The organization’s lawsuit, filed in U.S. District Court for Northern District of Florida, focused on the funding cuts, which it said jeopardized about $500,000 annually. Planned Parenthood also challenged a new requirement that state inspectors review 50 percent of patient medical records at abortion clinics. Hinkle’s 25-page injunction also blocked the additional inspections, noting that the volume requirements for abortion clinics far exceeded the standards for other medical facilities. “The inspection provision is a solution in search of a problem,” Hinkle wrote. In the lawsuit, Planned Parenthood also raised concerns about changes in how the state defines gestational stages. The terminology was clarified during a court hearing, said Laura Goodhue, executive director of the Florida Alliance of Planned Parenthood Affiliates, who applauded the judge’s ruling. “This means this vital programs will continue to go forward,” she said in a phone interview. “Because anti-women’s health politicians want to end abortion, they went to the lengths of trying to stop these preventive services.”  The Florida Department of Health, named in the lawsuit, did not immediately provide comment. Neither did the office of Florida Governor Rick Scott, a Republican. ",1
8904,U.S. report on civilian drone casualties expected Friday: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. report on the number of civilian casualties from American counterterrorism strikes will be issued later on Friday, White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters. President Barack Obama has long promised to increase transparency about his administration’s use of drones. His administration said in March it would publicly release an assessment of combatant and noncombatant casualties from U.S. counterterrorism strikes in areas outside active war zones since 2009. The drone campaign has come under criticism by human rights groups and others who say the strikes in Pakistan, Yemen, Somalia and Libya have caused civilian casualties. Human rights groups, which accuse the Obama administration of not being forthcoming about the precise guidelines that govern drone strikes, have welcomed the expected report amid their calls for greater transparency about the impact from such strikes.   ",1
8905,Obama not involved in attorney general's decision on Clinton probe: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Justice Department investigation into former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s email use is being handled completely independently of the White House and President Barack Obama, White House spokesman Josh Earnest said on Friday. Obama and the White House were “not at all involved” in the decision announced by Attorney General Loretta Lynch on Friday that she would accept the Justice Department’s findings on the investigation, Earnest told a daily news briefing. ",1
8906,Obama says Congress must end deadlock on Zika funding,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama on Friday said Congress must end its deadlock on funding to combat the Zika virus before lawmakers head out to recess later this summer. “The good news is we feel fairly confident that we can develop an effective vaccine for Zika,” Obama said after a meeting with U.S. health officials in the Oval Office. “The problem is right now that money is stuck in Congress.” Obama met with the heads of the Health and Human Services Department, the U.S. National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to discuss the nation’s response to the mosquito-borne virus. Earlier this week, Senate Democrats blocked a Republican proposal to provide $1.1 billion in funding to combat Zika. Democrats and the White House said the plan fell short of Obama’s $1.9 billion funding request and included measures that would take funds from other important health initiatives. “We have not seen the House (of Representatives) and Senate come together in a sensible way to put forward the dollars that we have requested to get the job done,” Obama said. “I expect Congress to get this funding done before they adjourn, as part of their basic responsibility.” U.S. lawmakers typically go on recess in August to go campaign for re-election in their home districts.  Following the deadlock, lawmakers on both sides of the aisle have accused each other of playing politics with the health crisis. Zika has caused concern throughout the Americas due to an alarming rise in cases of the birth defect known as microcephaly and other severe fetal brain abnormalities linked to the virus reported in Brazil, the country hardest hit by the outbreak.  Infants with microcephaly tend to have abnormally small heads and may experience potentially disabling developmental problems. While Obama said there have not been any cases reported of local transmission of the virus in the continental United States, he said the nation is home to mosquitoes that carry the virus. “It is absolutely critical for the United States government, working in concert with other governments in the hemisphere, to be pushing hard right now to get this situation under control,” Obama said. As of June 23, there have been seven babies born in the United States with microcephaly or other Zika-related birth defects such as serious brain abnormalities, and five lost pregnancies from either miscarriage, stillbirth or termination.     ",1
8907,Lynch says meeting with Bill Clinton 'casts a shadow' over email probe,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch said on Friday she understands how her meeting with former president Bill Clinton “casts a shadow” over the perception of independence in the investigation her department is conducting into his wife’s email use.  Bill Clinton met with Lynch on her plane in Phoenix on Monday night, triggering a firestorm from Republicans and a public statement from Lynch that she will accept whatever outcome independent investigators decide at the end of the probe into the Democratic presidential front-runner’s use of a private email server.  ",1
8908,Trump floats idea of using NATO in fight against Islamic State,"WASHINGTON - Republican Donald Trump said on Thursday that if elected president Nov. 8 he would be open to drawing NATO forces into the fight against Islamic State militants in a new mission for an alliance he has called obsolete. Trump made the comments in an interview with ABC News. The presumptive Republican presidential nominee has for months raised questions about the money the United States pours into NATO, which he says needs to be reconfigured to take account of today’s threats. “I like the idea of using NATO and also neighbors that aren’t in NATO and take them out. You gotta take them out,” Trump said. Under President Barack Obama, the United States has relied heavily on U.S. airstrikes to attack Islamic State targets in Syria and Iraq. Republicans have criticized this policy as not enough to stop the militants. Trump said the idea of using the Cold War-era alliance would be to ease the load on American forces. “I don’t want to get too much of ours involved. I want NATO to be involved,” Trump said. “We spend a tremendous amount of money on NATO. We take care of countries that frankly should be taking care of themselves in terms of economically.” Trump’s comments came amid an uproar over a meeting between former President Bill Clinton and Attorney General Loretta Lynch at a time when Clinton’s wife, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, is under federal investigation. The private meeting took place on Lynch’s plane after she landed in Phoenix on Monday night and Bill Clinton was leaving the airport after a rally he held for his wife earlier that day. Hillary Clinton is under an FBI investigation for her use of a private email server when she was President Barack Obama’s first-term secretary of state. Trump told conservative radio talk show host Mike Gallagher that the meeting was proof of his charge that the U.S. political system is “rigged” in favor of political elites. “It’s unheard of,” Trump told ABC News. “You have this massive investigation on emails and they’d have a meeting like this.” Lynch, appointed to her position by Obama more than a year ago, said she did not discuss the email investigation or other pending matters before the Justice Department with Bill Clinton.      “When I was landing at the airport, I did see President Clinton at the Phoenix airport as I was leaving and he spoke to myself and my husband on the plane,” Lynch told reporters.      “Our conversation was a great deal about grandchildren. It was primarily social and about our travels. He mentioned the golf he played in Phoenix and he mentioned travels he had to West Virginia...But there was no discussion of any matter pending for the department or any matter pending before any other body,” Lynch said. The Federal Bureau of Investigation is investigating Hillary Clinton about her email use and has already interviewed some of her aides. The investigation into whether laws were broken as a result of the server kept in her New York home has overshadowed Clinton’s campaign. Obama is preparing to campaign with Hillary Clinton for the first time in her 2016 White House bid. They are to appear together in Charlotte, North Carolina, on Tuesday. A Reuters/Ipsos poll this week showed Clinton 11 points ahead of the billionaire businessman    At the White House, spokesman Josh Earnest made clear that Obama believes an impartial investigation is crucial and noted that Lynch had said the conversation was benign.     “I think the bottom line is simply that both the president and the attorney general understand how important it is for the Department of Justice to conduct investigations that are free of political interference,” Earnest told reporters.  U.S. Senator John Cornyn of Texas, the No. 2 Senate Republican, cited the incident in renewing his call for an independent counsel to take over the Clinton probe from the FBI. ",1
8909,Puerto Rico authorizes debt payment suspension; Obama signs rescue bill,"SAN JUAN (Reuters) - Puerto Rico authorized suspension of payments on its general obligation debt on Thursday just minutes after U.S. President Barack Obama signed a law creating a federal oversight board with authority to negotiate the restructuring of the island’s $70 billion in debt. The executive order issued by Puerto Rico’s governor, Alejandro Garcia Padilla, comes just one day before the U.S. territory was due to make $1.9 billion worth of debt payments on July 1, including some $780 million in constitutionally-backed, general obligation bonds. It remains to be seen whether Puerto Rico will pay part of the GO debt or any of the non-GO debt. “Under these circumstances, these executive orders protect the limited resources available to the agencies listed in these orders and prevents that these can be seized by creditors, leaving Puerto Ricans without basic services,” Garcia Padilla’s administration said in a statement.  The flurry of activity represents the nadir of a decade-long struggle by Puerto Rico, home to 3.5 million Americans, to stave off economic collapse, reverse a 45 percent poverty rate and stem rampant emigration that exacerbates the economy’s decline.      Garcia Padilla authorized the suspension of general obligation payments under a previously enacted local debt moratorium law that has already been challenged by a creditor lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court in Manhattan.  In addition, Garcia Padilla also declared states of emergency at the island’s biggest public pension - the Commonwealth’s Employee Retirement System - which is more than 99 percent underfunded, as well as the University of Puerto Rico and other agencies. Puerto Rico’s benchmark 2035 General Obligation bond rose 0.44 points in price to trade at 67.19 points, pushing the yield down to 12.578 percent.     In Washington, Obama signed the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management and Economic Stability Act, or PROMESA, in the Oval office on Thursday, one of the few pieces of bi-partisan legislation to make it to his desk. “I want to let the people of Puerto Rico know that although there are still some tough work that we’re going to have to do to dig Puerto Rico out of the hole that it’s in, this indicates how committed my administration is to making sure that they get the help they need,” Obama told reporters before signing it. The law will allow the island access to a bankruptcy-like debt restructuring process, but put its finances under the control of a federally-appointed board — a condition that has riled many in Puerto Rico, including Garcia Padilla. PROMESA, which passed the U.S. Senate on Wednesday, puts a stay, or halt, on litigation in the event of a default. Puerto Rico has already defaulted three times on portions of its debt in the last year. The stay is critical to keep Puerto Rico’s financial restructuring from devolving into a mess of long, costly court battles. The stay is retroactive back to December 2015. The oversight board will have the authority to facilitate consensual restructuring talks, or push Puerto Rico into a court-supervised process akin to U.S. bankruptcy. It will also oversee and monitor the implementation of sustainable budgets.     Still, missed payments matter for the insurers who have to pay out on claims should Puerto Rico not deliver the cash to its investors. MBIA’s National Public Finance Guarantee insures about $173 million in GO debt due on Friday, while Assured Guaranty covers another $184 million, and Ambac insures $40 million in GO or GO-guaranteed debt due on Friday.      The island’s debt-laden semi-public power utility, PREPA,  earlier on Thursday announced it will make its full, $415 million payment due Friday, under the terms of a restructuring agreement reached late last year with the bulk of its creditors.  PREPA, which had been on the brink of collapse under $8.3 billion in debt, last year reached an exchange deal with most of its creditors, which is being finalized. The payment will be made using operational funds and proceeds from new bond sales. “Today’s outcome is another step towards PREPA’s transformation,” Lisa Donahue, the utility’s chief restructuring officer, said in a statement. ",1
8910,House of Representatives reignites gun-control debate with planned vote,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Republican-controlled U.S. House of Representatives, under mounting pressure to advance gun-control legislation, will vote next week on a measure to keep guns out of the hands of people on government terrorism watch lists. Republican and gun lobby sources said the legislation, due to be introduced as part of a terrorism package, was likely to be a National Rifle Association-backed bill brought by Representative Lee Zeldin of New York as the companion to a Senate Republican measure from Senator John Cornyn of Texas. House Democrats, who last week staged a 25-hour sit-in on the House floor to push for gun control after the June 12 mass shooting in Orlando, condemned the Cornyn-Zeldin measure as the handiwork of the NRA. Senate Democrats blocked the same legislation last week.   “House Democrats will keep up our efforts to push for the majority to allow a vote on gun violence legislation, but bringing up a bill authored by the NRA just isn’t going to cut it,” said Drew Hammill, an aide to House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi. The NRA denied writing the legislation.  House Speaker Paul Ryan announced the plan in a conference call with lawmakers. Republican leadership aides declined to provide details. One said the package was still being negotiated. After the Orlando, Florida, shooting that killed 49 people and wounded 53 more at a gay nightclub [nL1N19L1WH], gun-control proponents ratcheted up pressure for meaningful legislation.  “We are going to get something done this year, I predict,” Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid told reporters. “I think we’re going to take a bite out of the NRA.” Reid said he was hopeful for a bill introduced by Republican Senator Susan Collins of Maine, and a bipartisan House companion bill backed by Republicans including Representative Carlos Curbelo of Florida, to prevent gun sales to anyone on the government’s “No Fly List” for terrorism suspects or the “Selectee List” for extra airport screening.   Before Thursday’s announcement, Representative Bob Dold of Illinois, a Republican backer of the Collins-Curbelo bill, urged Ryan and House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy to opt for the bipartisan measure, according to a Dold aide. But hopes for a vote on that measure could be dashed if House Republicans move first on the Cornyn-Zeldin bill, which would allow party leaders to say they had acted on gun control.   “It would really be a sharp blow,” said Representative Scott Rigell, a Virginia Republican and NRA member who supports the Collins-Curbelo measure. The NRA-backed measure would give officials three days to decide whether a gun sale should be blocked. Democrats argue the timetable is insufficient and say the government would have to persuade a court that a would-be buyer “has committed or will commit an act of terrorism” before it could block a gun sale. Under the Collins-Curbelo bills, a court would have 14 days to decide on appeals. ",1
8911,Puerto Rico governor authorizes suspension of public debt payments,SAN JUAN (Reuters) - Puerto Rican Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla on Thursday issued an executive order authorizing the suspension of payment on approximately $800 million worth of constitutionally-guaranteed general obligation bonds due on July 1.     The suspension follows U.S. President Barack Obama’s signing into law earlier on Thursday of a plan that gives a federal oversight board authority for negotiating the restructuring of the island’s $70 billion debt and bringing the struggling U.S. territory’s finances under control. ,1
8912,U.S. lawmakers push for action on human rights in Bahrain,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Seven U.S. senators urged Secretary of State John Kerry on Thursday to press Bahrain’s government to do more to promote political and social reform, adding to recent concern in Washington over that country’s human rights record. The letter said the United States should be prepared to consider “tangible consequences,” including reconsidering arms sales, if a recent crackdown on opposition continues. “Bahrain’s failure to address the legitimate grievances of its citizens has strained the country’s social fabric and invited outside actors to take advantage of the deteriorating situation,” six Democratic lawmakers and one Republican said in a letter to Kerry, a former Democratic senator. “Indeed, we believe the government’s harsh crackdown on the political opposition undermines the country’s stability and plays into the hands of Iran,” they wrote, calling themselves “deeply alarmed.” State Department spokesman John Kirby said he was aware of reports about the letter, but had not seen it. Asked about whether U.S. arms provided to Bahrain could be used against the opposition, he said, “We always have concerns about the end use of items that are inside the foreign military sales program.” Bahrain, which hosts the United States’ Fifth Fleet and is seen by Sunni-ruled Gulf kingdoms as a strategic bulwark against Iranian influence, drew U.S. and United Nations criticism this month when it moved to strip a top Shi’ite cleric’s citizenship and closed the main Shi’ite opposition group.  A State Department report, first reported by Reuters, found Bahrain’s national reconciliation efforts after it crushed street protests in 2011 have stalled, and said the Western ally in the Gulf has not implemented recommendations to protect freedom of expression. “We continue to urge the government of Bahrain to reverse their recent harmful actions,” Kirby said a news briefing on Thursday. Earlier this week, the State Department said Bahrain’s plan to try an activist for tweets condemning its prison system and involvement in the war in Yemen is worrisome to the United States. The letter was led by Democratic Senator Chris Murphy and also signed by Republican Marco Rubio and Democrats Patrick Leahy, Ron Wyden, Bob Casey, Chris Coons and Tim Kaine. It asked for more information on specific actions President Barack Obama’s administration is taking to press Bahrain’s leadership on the issue. ",1
8913,Obama to sign Puerto Rico debt bill on Thursday: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama is set to sign into law a relief plan to help Puerto Rico address its $70 billion debt, the White House said. Obama will sign the bill in the Oval Office on Thursday at 4 p.m. ET, the White House said. ",1
8914,Puerto Rico's PREPA says will make full debt payment on Friday,"SAN JUAN (Reuters) - Puerto Rico’s semi-public power utility, known as PREPA, on Thursday said it would make all of a $415 million debt payment due on Friday, a relief for bond insurers who might have been on the hook in the event of default.     PREPA, which had been on the brink of collapse under $8.3 billion in debt, last year reached an exchange deal with most of its creditors, which is being finalized. On Thursday, the utility said it would make its $415 million payment using operational funds and proceeds from the new bond sales. “Today’s outcome is another step toward PREPA’s transformation,” Lisa Donahue, the utility’s chief restructuring officer, said in a statement. The payment is not a shock because PREPA and its creditors have had the framework of a restructuring deal in place since December. But debt payments in the U.S. territory are being watched closely as the island is expected to default on pieces of $1.9 billion owed on Friday, and President Barack Obama prepares to sign a bill putting the island’s finances under federal oversight. Puerto Rico faces $70 billion in total debt, a stalled economy, and high poverty and unemployment. The $1.9 billion due on Friday - of which PREPA’s payment was a portion - includes nearly $800 million in general obligation (GO) debt, the island’s highest-ranking debt protected by a constitutional pledge. It was unclear on Thursday whether Puerto Rico would make that payment. On Wednesday night, the U.S. Senate passed the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act (PROMESA), which Obama has said he will sign, providing for a bankruptcy-like debt restructuring process for Puerto Rico, as well as federal oversight of its finances. While PROMESA contemplates a stay on litigation in the event of default, missed payments matter for the insurers who have to pay out on claims. MBIA’s National Public Finance Guarantee insures about $139 million of the PREPA payment due on Friday, while Assured Guaranty covers about $35 million. National insures another $211 million in other debt due on Friday, including $173 million in GO debt, a company spokesman said on Wednesday. Assured covers another $329 million due Friday, about $184 million of which is GO debt, a spokeswoman said. Ambac, which insures more than $2 billion of Puerto Rican bonds, is on the hook for $122 million in principal and interest due on Friday, including some $40 million in GO or GO-guaranteed debt, according to the company’s public documents. ",1
8915,Albanian town backs Clinton with bronze bust,"SARANDE, Albania (Reuters) - Whatever the outcome of November’s U.S. presidential election, the Albanian town of Sarande is backing Hillary Clinton by erecting a bronze bust to thank her for supporting Albanian causes. Albania is a staunch ally of the United States and has a history of commemorating its presidents.  Woodrow Wilson has a statue there for helping foster the young Albanian state. So does George W. Bush, who visited Albania in 2007 and backed the independence of Kosovo, whose population is mainly ethnic Albanian. Bill Clinton has a statue in Kosovo in recognition of his role in the bombing of Yugoslavia in 1999 in support of Kosovo. “This bust in our most central public space is an expression of our gratitude through Mrs. Clinton to the American people and state for what they have done for the Albanian people and nation,” Sarande Mayor Florjana Koka told a small crowd. It was also a tribute to Clinton, the Democratic presidential candidate, as an example to women in politics, said Koka, the first female mayor of Sarande. American tourist Jessica Rightmayer wiped away tears as the U.S. national anthem was played. “I think it is beautiful and I really think it is a very good likeness,” she said. Sculptor Idriz Balani said the idea for the statue came to him when Hillary Clinton told the Albanian parliament in 2012 that Albania and the United States had together marked the Balkan country’s first centenary and would be friends for another 100 years. Her “charm, elegance and vitality” had convinced him to sculpt her. “I used three photos to get her smile, hair, posture and attire right and kept the necklace. She exudes benevolence. I hope they like it,” Balani told Reuters. ",1
8916,"Probe of Clinton's email driven by facts, not politics: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House on Thursday said the U.S. Justice Department’s investigation into Hillary Clinton’s email use is being driven by facts and should be free of political interference. “The rule of law is paramount,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters at a daily press briefing following reports that the U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch had a meeting with former President Bill Clinton. ",1
8917,Panel's report reignites debate over Clinton and Benghazi,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Congressional Republicans on Tuesday accused Hillary Clinton’s State Department of failing to protect four Americans killed in a 2012 attack in Libya, in a final report that contained no major new revelations but rekindled debate on the U.S. presidential campaign trail. In an 800-page report that Democrats derided as a political vendetta, Republicans said Clinton, who served as secretary of state from 2009 to 2013 and is now the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee, and her staff showed a “shameful” lack of response to congressional investigators looking into the attacks on a U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya. The report, the culmination of a two-year investigation by a special congressional committee led by Republican Representative Trey Gowdy, is likely to be the last official attempt to investigate the attack. Seven other congressional panels have also investigated the attack on the U.S. diplomatic and CIA posts in Benghazi. The latest investigation has been used by Republicans to attack Clinton’s national-security credentials. Opinion polls have shown Americans deeply split along partisan lines over the probe. Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, has repeatedly charged that Clinton is personally responsible for the deaths of a U.S. ambassador and three other Americans killed by militia groups in the Sept. 11, 2012 incident. Clinton’s campaign dismissed the committee’s report, saying it had not found anything that had not been discovered by previous congressional probes. White House press secretary Josh Earnest labeled the effort a “political exercise.” Clinton, speaking in Denver, said it was crucial to “learn the right lessons” from the Benghazi tragedy. “No one has thought more about or lost more sleep over the lives that we lost - the four Americans - which was devastating,” said Clinton. Trump waited until hours after the report’s release to comment. “Benghazi is just another Hillary Clinton failure,” he said on Twitter. “It just never seems to work the way it’s supposed to with Clinton.” Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said Clinton’s actions as secretary of state were “disqualifying.” “Hillary Clinton was in charge, knew the risks, and did nothing” to protect personnel on the ground in Libya, he said. Professor Julian Zelizer, a political analyst at Princeton University, called the report “old news” but said that would not stop Trump from trying to exploit the issue going forward. “A story like this, even though it seems familiar, can still serve to mobilize Republicans, and certainly Donald Trump will do that. He’ll certainly try,” Zelizer said.  Rodell Mollineau, a Democratic strategist, said he doubted the report would influence undecided voters. “Those who are willing to believe that there was wrongdoing on Secretary Clinton’s part were unlikely willing to vote for her in the first place,” he said. At a news conference on Capitol Hill, Gowdy, chairman of the special congressional panel, said there was a disconnect between the violence unfolding in Benghazi and the perception among top Obama administration officials that “the fighting had subsided” at the U.S. diplomatic compound. The committee’s report faulted the State Department for providing inadequate security for the U.S. compound in Benghazi, State Department officials and the CIA for failing to properly evaluate the threat to U.S. personnel on the ground, and the Pentagon for not being in position to aid the Americans under siege. The report did not dispute assertions by the Obama administration that such a mission would have come too late to help the four who were killed. None of those conclusions, however, came as revelations. All had been reached by previous probes. The report also accused the White House of stonewalling the investigation, something aides to Obama have denied. Democrats on the Benghazi committee issued their own report a day before Tuesday’s release, accusing Republicans of conducting an overzealous investigation. According to a website maintained by committee Democrats, the investigation cost more than $7.1 million, a figure that excludes money spent on investigations by the seven other congressional committees that investigated the attacks. The Gowdy committee investigation lasted 782 days, longer than congressional probes of Pearl Harbor, the Kennedy assassination, the Iran-Contra scandal and Hurricane Katrina. Since it was established in May 2014, the Gowdy committee has held four public hearings, according to its website, which said that it interviewed 107 witnesses, mostly behind closed doors, including 81 who never appeared before the other committees that investigated the attacks. It reviewed about 75,000 pages of previously unexamined documents. Last October, Clinton, already a Democratic presidential candidate, calmly deflected harsh Republican criticism of her handling of the attack during a testy 11-hour hearing before the Gowdy committee. In testimony that stretched deep into the night, Clinton rejected Republican accusations that she ignored requests for security upgrades in Libya and misinformed the public about the cause of the attack. Clinton’s appearance before the panel followed months of controversy about her use of a private home email server for her State Department work, a disclosure that emerged in part because of the panel’s demand to see her official records. A 2012 report by a government accountability review board faulted State Department officials for providing “grossly” insufficient security in Benghazi, despite upgrade requests from Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens and others in Libya. ",1
8918,Zika sex research begins despite U.S. Congress funding impasse,"(Reuters) - It could take years to learn how long men infected with Zika are capable of sexually transmitting the virus, which can cause crippling birth defects and other serious neurological disorders. In the meantime, health officials have warned couples to refrain from unprotected sex for six months after a male partner is infected. The extraordinary recommendation, based on a single report of Zika surviving 62 days in semen, could affect millions. The grave risks associated with Zika, along with its potential reach, are driving U.S. health authorities to pursue research even though funding is mired in Congressional gridlock. A study of sexual transmission risk is one example of science that health officials said can’t wait for politics. Borrowing money earmarked for other programs, the U.S. National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases has started enrolling men infected with Zika in Brazil and Colombia in the study to determine how long the virus remains transmittable in semen. The study could take years to complete, but interim results could help public health officials fine-tune their recommendations on sex. “We are going out on a limb, but we have to,” Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the U.S. institute, said in an interview. “We can’t say we’re going to wait until we get all the money.” Public health officials are alarmed by Zika’s transmission versatility, which has the potential to expand its reach. It is primarily spread by Aedes aegypti mosquitoes, as are the dengue and chikungunya viruses. But at least 10 countries, including the United States and France, have reported Zika infections in people who had not traveled to an outbreak area but whose sexual partners had. This ability to spread through sex could help Zika gain a further foothold outside the warm habitats of its most effective agent, the mosquito. To protect women who are pregnant or trying to conceive, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommended couples refrain from unprotected sex for six months - triple the 62 days the virus survived in the semen in one British case study. The World Health Organization recently issued similar guidance. But such strict advice is not ideal, Dr. Anne Schuchat, a CDC deputy director, said in an interview. “To tell people not to have sex until we get back to you is not a very satisfying recommendation,” she said. “We would like to have some more understanding of the sexual risk.” In the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico, where more than 2,100 cases of infection have been reported since the start of the year, health officials are passing out Zika protection kits that include bug spray and condoms, along with the recommendation. But the warning against unprotected sex isn’t going over very well, said Dr. Chris Prue, a CDC behavioral scientist who has studied the response. “Condoms are not popular in a lot places,” she said. “There’s religious and personal preferences and lots of personal factors in that.” U.S. lawmakers deadlocked over funding to fight the Zika virus on Tuesday, as Senate Democrats blocked a Republican proposal they said fell short of the challenge posed by the virus and hurt other health priorities. It was unclear when Congress would revisit the request by President Barack Obama for $1.9 billion. In the meantime, the White House has diverted more than $500 million earmarked for other projects for urgent Zika initiatives, including those where scientific opportunities will be lost if not acted upon immediately. One such study will follow children born to women infected with Zika to identify the development of any disabilities not detected at birth. Other projects on the priority list include vaccine development and mosquito eradication.    One study underway will assess whether the risk of transmission is greater from men who experience Zika infection symptoms, such as fever and rash, than from those who don’t. This information is considered vital since most people experience no symptoms. The study of infected men in Brazil and Colombia will test semen from thousands of men over time to determine how long Zika poses a risk to sexual partners. As long the virus can be grown in a laboratory from semen cell samples, infectious disease experts believe it is potentially contagious. Zika typically clears the bloodstream about a week after infection, but it has been detected in urine for at least twice as long. Its persistence in semen in the British case study has caused some researchers to draw comparisons to other viruses. HIV can last in blood and semen indefinitely, and the mosquito-borne West Nile virus can reside in the kidneys and urine for years, researchers said. One patient who survived the deadly Ebola outbreak had evidence of that virus in his semen for 18 months. “We got very surprised by Ebola that it was hanging around for so long,” said Dr. Peter Hotez, dean of the National School of Tropical Medicine at Baylor College of Medicine. “One of the big questions we have to ask is does Zika also cause a similar type of latency?” ",1
8919,"Senate passes Puerto Rico debt bill, sends to Obama","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate gave solid approval on Wednesday to a relief plan to help Puerto Rico address its $70 billion debt, sending the measure to President Obama for his signing into law just ahead of a possible default by the U.S. territory on its next debt payment. The measure passed the Senate on a vote of 68-30, and President Obama said in a statement he looked forward to signing the bill into law. The House of Representatives has already approved the bill. “This bill is not perfect, but it is a critical first step toward economic recovery and restored hope for millions of Americans who call Puerto Rico home,” Obama said.  The legislation would create a federal oversight board, appointed by Washington, with power to restructure Puerto Rico’s unmanageable debt load. The bill provides for a stay, or halt, to any litigation brought against the Puerto Rican government and its debt issuing agencies that is retroactive to December. This provides breathing room for the board to start the process of restructuring and oversee a sustainable budget process.  On Friday, Puerto Rico faces a potential default on a chunk of its debt if it cannot make $1.9 billion worth of payments. Puerto Rico’s Governor, Alejandro Garcia Padilla, has said the island will default some of the debt. Supporters said intervention by Washington lawmakers was necessary to help the island’s 3.5 million U.S. citizens avert a “descent into chaos,” as U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew on Tuesday. Puerto Rico has been waiting for months for Congress to act as its economic crisis worsened. It has already defaulted on some of its debt. The Caribbean island territory is reeling from a 45 percent poverty rate, as well as a steady flow of migration to the U.S. mainland that shrinks its tax base and shuttering of essential services. In addition, it is suffering from a Zika virus outbreak that is hurting its critical tourism industry. But many Puerto Ricans are leery of the proposed oversight board, fearing it could usurp the island’s government and place investors’ concerns over local priorities.  Puerto Rico’s benchmark 2035 General Obligation bond rose 1 full point in price ahead of the final vote, to trade at 66.75 points, pushing the yield down to 12.663 percent.  Passage of the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act (PROMESA) came after leaders of both political parties warned that failure to approve the legislation could lead to a U.S. taxpayer-funded bailout. “This is the best and possibly the only action we can take to help Puerto Rico,” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Republican, said. “Doing nothing now ... (is) the surest route to both a taxpayer funded bailout of Puerto Rico and a humanitarian crisis for its people,” McConnell said. Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid said he shared the concerns of many Democrats with the “excessive powers and appointment structure” of the oversight board, and he was unhappy with some labor provisions. But Reid said he was voting for passage because Puerto Rico needed the help by Friday. “Otherwise we ... turn them  over to the hedge funds and they will sue them to death,” he said. The seven member board, appointed by President Obama from recommendations given by party leaders in both the House and Senate, is supposed to be in place by Sept. 1, 2016. Neither political party was entirely happy with the fix. Democrats bridled at a Republican provision that might lower the minimum wage for some young workers and weaken overtime pay rules while some Republicans were concerned the bill could amount to a bailout of the island, or set a precedent for states in fiscal trouble to seek a similar arrangement. “They’ll say if a territory can receive unprecedented authority from Congress, then why shouldn’t a state?” asked Republican Senator Chuck Grassley of Iowa. The legislation is geared toward U.S. territories. Puerto Rico is not covered by current U.S. bankruptcy law under Chapter 9. Democratic Senator Robert Menendez of New Jersey, opposing the measure, argued that Friday was an arbitrary deadline for action that did not excuse a “flawed” bill. A vote for the bill was “a vote to authorize an unelected, unchecked and all powerful control board to determine Puerto Rico’s destiny for a generation or more,” Menendez declared. Some senators, including Vermont independent Bernie Sanders, criticized the estimated $370 million cost of the legislation over five years, complaining that Puerto Rico will get stuck with the tab while it is struggling to reduce its debt. Sanders blasted this as “colonialism at its worst.” The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office, which issued that estimate, said that about $350 million of the total “would primarily cover fees of legal and financial consultants hired to restructure Puerto Rico’s debt.” ",1
8920,Obama concerned over longer term global growth after Brexit,"OTTAWA (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama said on Wednesday he expects the world economy will be steady in the short run after Britain’s decision to leave the European Union but expressed concern about longer term global growth. Obama, appearing at a North American summit with the leaders of Canada and Mexico, said there have been reactions in markets, stock prices and currencies since last Thursday’s so-called Brexit vote. Preparations by central banks, finance ministers and the U.S. treasury secretary helped ensure the global economy will hold steady in the short term, he said at a news conference. “I think there are some genuine longer term concerns about global growth if in fact Brexit goes through and that freezes the possibilities of investment in Great Britain or in Europe as a whole,” Obama said. “At a time when global growth rates were weak already, this doesn’t help.” The U.S. president, who had openly sided with British Prime Minister David Cameron against Brexit, said the leaders of G20 nations, who will meet in China this year, will have to work to boost global demand and fortify the global economy.  Obama said that, while the special relationship between Britain and the United States will endure, that country’s absence from the EU would “make it harder for us to solve some of the other challenges that have to be solved.” He said his main message to Cameron, German Chancellor Angela Merkel and other leaders involved in the Brexit would be: “Everybody should catch their breath, come up with a plan and a process that is orderly, that’s transparent, that people understand and then proceed, understanding that both sides have a stake in getting this right. “And I think that will be a difficult, challenging process but it does not need to be a panicky process.” ",1
8921,Federal judge rules Ohio can purge inactive voters,"CLEVELAND (Reuters) - A federal judge ruled on Wednesday that Ohio’s secretary of state was within his rights to strip thousands of inactive voters from the rolls, rejecting a legal challenge by civil liberties activists who claimed that the purge disenfranchised minorities and the poor. The decision by U.S. District Judge George C. Smith in a lawsuit brought by the American Civil Liberties Union could impact the presidential race in Ohio, a key swing state seen as potentially pivotal in the Nov. 8 election. No Republican has won the White House without carrying Ohio.  The ACLU charged in its lawsuit that Ohio Secretary of State John Husted’s policy of removing from the rolls voters deemed inactive over a six-year period violated the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 because it targets minorities and lower-income voters who tend to favor Democrats. Smith disagreed, finding that the policy was not illegal because it removed voters from the rolls only after they failed to vote and then did not respond to a change of address confirmation. “Ohio’s procedures of maintaining the voter registration rolls ensure the integrity of the election process,” Smith wrote. Husted has said that the policy has been in place since the 1990s under both Republican and Democratic secretaries of state. “While today’s ruling reaffirms that the process Ohio has used for over two decades is constitutional and in line with state and federal law, the best news is that we can put another wasteful lawsuit behind us and focus on the important work of running elections in Ohio,” Husted said in a statement.    ",1
8922,"Obama: Trump's rhetoric is xenophobic, not populist","OTTAWA (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama is tired of hearing Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump described as a populist. The Democratic leader, who has made no secret of his dislike for the wealthy businessman’s rhetoric, closed a news conference in Canada on Wednesday with a long riff on what makes a leader qualified for the “populist” mantra. Trump did not meet the criteria, Obama said, without mentioning the Republican by name. “Somebody ... who has never shown any regard for workers, has never fought on behalf of social justice issues or making sure that poor kids are getting a decent shot at life or have health care,” does not meet the definition, Obama said. “They don’t suddenly become a populist because they say something controversial in order to win votes. That’s not the measure of populism. That’s nativism, or xenophobia. Or worse. Or it’s just cynicism,” he said. Trump won enough grassroots support among Republicans to make him the party’s presumptive presidential nominee with a pledge to ban Muslims temporarily from entering the United States and to build a wall on the U.S. border with Mexico, and a series of other inflammatory remarks. Obama has sharply criticized Trump for such rhetoric.  He plans to campaign with former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee, next week. The president’s latest criticism of Trump could foreshadow Obama’s strategy to help Clinton on the campaign trail.  He made a point of saying U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, Clinton’s opponent in the race for the Democratic presidential nomination, genuinely deserved the title of populist.  Sanders describes himself as a democratic socialist and generated huge support from young people across the United States in his campaign. Clinton needs those supporters now, and Obama, who won the White House in 2008 and 2012 with a similar coalition, will try to help deliver them for her. Obama, who leaves office in January, made his comments on Wednesday with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto looking on. “Sorry,” Obama said after his more-than-six-minute monologue. “It’s the prerogative of an outgoing president to go on an occasional rant, he said. ",1
8923,Trump's opposition to trade deals fuels internal party opposition,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Presidential candidate Donald Trump on Wednesday lashed out at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce’s scathing criticism of his stance on trade, highlighting divisions within the Republican Party that threaten unity ahead of the Nov. 8 election. At a campaign rally in Maine on Wednesday, Trump called the nation’s largest business association “controlled totally by various groups of people who don’t care about you whatsoever.” He said new trade deals should be negotiated because foreign countries are taking advantage of America. “Every country that we do business with us look at us as the stupid people with the penny bank,” Trump said Wednesday at the rally in Bangor, Maine. The Washington-based lobbying group, which represents the United States’ largest companies and business interests, is typically a reliable backer of Republican policies.  But on Tuesday it took issue with Trump’s vocal opposition to trade deals, calling his proposals “dangerous” ideas that would push the United States into another recession. Trump said the Chamber’s argument that his policies would cause a trade war were incorrect because the United States was already at a deficit.  “We’re already losing the trade war, we lost the trade war,” Trump said. “Nothing can happen worse than is happening now.” In speeches on Tuesday, Trump called for renegotiating or scrapping the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) with Canada and Mexico, calling it a job killer, and reiterated opposition to the pending Trans-Pacific Partnership among the United States and 11 other Pacific Rim countries. He also lambasted China’s trade and currency policies. The Chamber has consistently backed trade deals.      The public squabbling between the presumptive Republican nominee and the business group was unusual, one of a series of reminders that Trump still struggles to unite his party behind his campaign. The Republicans and many business leaders tend to share policy goals and work in lockstep, and many business leaders have traditionally been big donors to Republican candidates. So far, the Chamber’s political action committee has donated $134,000 to federal candidates or their committees, with $127,500 of that total going to Republicans, according to U.S. government campaign finance records. Billionaire Republican donor Paul Singer, who bankrolled an effort to try to defeat Trump during the campaign’s nominating phase, said on Wednesday that a Trump presidency and his trade positions would almost certainly lead to a global depression. “The most impactful of the economic policies that I recall him coming out for are these anti-trade policies,” Singer said during a panel discussion at the Aspen Ideas Festival in Colorado, according to CNBC. But opposing trade deals has proven a winning strategy for Trump among voters concerned about the loss of manufacturing jobs.  Art Laffer, an economic adviser to President Ronald Reagan who supports Trump, said he did not like the tone of Trump’s speech on Tuesday but thought it was an improvement over his past comments on trade. “It’s not terribly alarming to me,” Laffer said. “I didn’t see any 45 percent tariffs across the board. ... “I saw negotiating better trade deals rather than throwing away all the trade deals we have now. He points out the flaws in these trades, and that’s all true,” Laffer said. “I don’t like the tone of it, but I dislike the tone less today than I did three weeks ago.” Peter Navarro, a Trump trade policy adviser, defended the candidate’s position. “Here’s the central point to understand: The White House has been utterly and completely soft on China’s illegal trade practices,” said Navarro, a professor at the University of California, Irvine. “The status quo is the worst of all possible worlds for the United States.”  Trump also took fire from for his positions on trade from Democrats. In a call organized by rival Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign, U.S. Senator Mark Warner of Virginia, a former businessman and tech entrepreneur, said that while the country needed to do a better job protecting workers, more resources should be put into training them for a new economy. He also noted that it was unusual to see a Republican standard-bearer and the Chamber divide.  “You’ve really got a special circumstance when the U.S. Chamber of Commerce” responded to Trump’s economic plan with a “full-fledged onslaught,” Warner said. “No one could have predicted this kind of election season.” Clinton held no public campaign events on Wednesday but did announce she would appear next week with President Barack Obama, the first time this year that he and his former Secretary of State have campaigned together. ",1
8924,Obama says he is confident Europe will come up with prudent post-Brexit plan,"OTTAWA (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama said on Wednesday he is confident Europeans will come up with a prudent plan to move forward after Britain’s vote last week to leave the European Union.  “Despite some of the initial reactions, I am confident that the process can be managed in a prudent, orderly way. I expect that our friends on both sides of the Channel will develop a workable plan for how to move forward,” Obama said in a speech to the Canadian Parliament. ",1
8925,"U.S. farm groups discuss policy with Clinton staff, pursue Trump","CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. agriculture groups are pushing for continuing talks with the presumptive Democratic and Republican presidential nominees in an effort to influence their farm policy positions as a slump in crop prices squeezes the sector’s profits. Representatives of about a dozen trade associations, including the American Farm Bureau Federation and the National Farmers Union, met with staffers for Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton on Friday at her New York campaign headquarters. It was the farm coalition’s first meeting with Clinton’s staff and included discussions of issues ranging from agricultural trade and labor to mandatory labels for foods containing genetically modified ingredients, attendees said on Wednesday. The meeting was the start of a push by the sector for more details from Clinton and Republican rival Donald Trump about their stances on issues affecting farmers and agribusiness. The groups are seeking a meeting with Trump’s campaign. “All of us agreed, on both sides of the table, that it is a successful meeting only if it’s the first of a number of exchanges,” said Jay Vroom, the chief executive of pesticide association CropLife America, who attended the session. The candidates’ agriculture policies are crucial, the groups say, because net U.S. farm income is forecast to drop to its lowest since 2002, largely due to a decline in grain prices. If that happens, incomes will be down 56 percent from a recent high of $123.3 billion in 2013. “With that kind of climate, we’re definitely concerned about what farm policy will look like building to the next (congressional) farm bill,” said Tom Bryant, the National Farmers Union’s membership director.     If elected, Clinton will increase agricultural production and profitability for family farms, spokesman Tyrone Gayle said. A Trump spokeswoman did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Matt Paul, a former U.S. Department of Agriculture spokesman working with Clinton’s campaign, participated in the meeting. The gathering came a day after Britain’s surprise vote to exit the European Union, which drew support from some regions with low population densities. Chandler Goule, incoming CEO of the National Association of Wheat Growers, said farm groups drew parallels to Britain’s referendum because “it’s going to be rural America that’s going to turn out for this election, that’s actually going to determine the outcome of this (presidential) election.” Now that Clinton and Trump are the presumed nominees, “it’s time to start making more detailed and more in-the-weeds-type commitments,” he said. ",1
8926,New rules give protesters more leeway at Republican convention,"CLEVELAND (Reuters) - A federal judge on Wednesday authorized a new plan allowing protesters at next month’s Republican National Convention in Cleveland to demonstrate in an area that will be readily visible to convention goers. The new plan, approved by U.S. District Judge Dan Aaron Polster, also cuts in half the size of an “event zone” where demonstrations and mobility will be limited and gives protesters more time to demonstrate. The agreement between the city of Cleveland and the American Civil Liberties Union resolves weeks of wrangling over the rules for what are expected to be lively protests when Donald Trump is due to become the Republican Party’s official nominee for president at the July 18-21 convention. Trump campaign events have drawn raucous demonstrations,  with some resulting in clashes between his supporters and opponents. “This settlement is a significant improvement from what the city had previously offered,” Christine Link, executive director for the ACLU of Ohio, said in a statement. The ACLU sued on behalf of three groups planning to organize thousands of demonstrators, calling the rules too restrictive. Dan Williams, spokesman for Cleveland Mayor Frank Jackson, described the changes as “minor” and said he did not believe there would be an increased security risk as a result. Cleveland originally planned to cordon off 3.3 square miles (8.5 square km) around the convention site as an event zone where free speech mobility would be limited.  After another federal judge struck down the city’s original plan, the two sides settled the lawsuit on Friday and took several days to work out details before revealing the new plan. The event zone is now 1.7 square miles (4.4 square km). The new zone frees up parkland where demonstrators will be able to organize before their protests. It also removes the Port of Cleveland and a small public airport for corporate jets and air taxi services from the restricted area. The main parade route for demonstrators now extends deeper into central Cleveland and will be more visible from the sports arena where the main event will take place, and more within the view of delegates and the media. The previous route took demonstrators further away from the center of town and over a bridge where they would be seen primarily by themselves. In addition, groups were granted extra staging time between protests. The ACLU filed the lawsuit on behalf of Citizens for Trump, a Texas-based group that supports the businessman’s campaign; Organize Ohio, a liberal activist group; and Northeast Ohio Coalition for the Homeless, a charitable organization. ",1
8927,Facebook's political influence under a microscope,"(Reuters) - As the U.S. presidential campaign heats up, Facebook Inc is going out of its way to show its neutrality - an increasingly urgent matter for the social network as evidence of its power  continues to emerge. Recent studies have shown the site has extraordinary influence. According to research scheduled to be published in August in the Journal of Communication, when people tagged their friends on Facebook in voting reminders, turnout increased by 15 to 24 percent.  During U.S. presidential primary elections this year, a Facebook reminder that informed people when their state’s voter registration deadline was approaching and provided a link helped produce a surge of nearly 650,000 new voter registrations in California alone, according to Secretary of State Alex Padilla. In the United Kingdom, a Facebook reminder days before the deadline to register to vote on whether the country should exit the European Union led to 186,000 people registering online to vote, according to the government.  “Generally, getting people out to vote could swing a national election,” said Katherine Haenschen, a PhD student at the University of Texas, Austin and author of the upcoming Journal of Communications study. Facebook is eager to show that its political involvement is limited to seemingly neutral activities such as encouraging voting. The company this week released some of the guidelines that govern its all-important News Feed - the place most people see postings on Facebook - and has pushed back hard against recent allegations of political bias in its “Trending Topics” module. At the same time Facebook has embraced its role as a “new town hall” for politics, hosting events and helping candidates more effectively leverage their platforms, said Katie Harbath, Facebook’s global politics and government outreach director Her team helps candidates by answering their questions and providing advice, such as how to use Facebook Live and how to increase engagement on their pages.   Still, concerns about Facebook’s role in shaping political attitudes are unlikely to abate anytime soon. Some people object even to voter-registration drives. Wikileaks founder Julian Assange, for example, alleged this week that Google and Facebook were trying to encourage a “remain” vote in Britain’s referendum on European Union membership by encouraging voting, asserting that media users are disproportionately youthful and pro-Europe.    A more common complaint is that Facebook and other social networks serve as an echo chamber of ideas and beliefs, as users decide which people and pages they will follow and customize their News Feed.   A 2015 study in Science showed that Facebook users tended to interact and click on content that was more in line with their ideological views.  Facebook customer Tom Steinberg wrote in a post this week -one that quickly spread over Twitter - that he had actively looked on Facebook for people celebrating Britain’s vote to exit the European Union last week but could not find any.  Steinberg, who said he was in favor of remaining in the European Union, urged tech leaders to do more to address the echo chamber on social media.  “To not act on this problem now is tantamount to actively supporting and funding the tearing apart of the fabric of our societies,” Steinberg wrote. “We’re getting countries where one half just doesn’t know anything at all about the other.”  Adam Mosseri, vice president of product management for News Feed, said the team tries to help users find new pages to follow, though he did not cite any specific efforts aimed at encouraging people to diversify their feeds. ",1
8928,U.S. Senate aims to vote later Wednesday on Puerto Rico bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate is aiming to finish its work and vote later on Wednesday on final passage of a relief plan to help Puerto Rico address its $70 billion debt, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said. The bill cleared a critical procedural hurdle in the Senate on Wednesday morning, and has already passed the House of Representatives. Supporters want to send it to President Barack Obama to sign into law by Friday, when Puerto Rico faces a potential default on a chunk of its debt if it cannot make a $1.9 billion payment. ",1
8929,Biden outlines 'Moonshot' initiatives to fight cancer,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Joseph Biden on Wednesday announced plans as part of the administration’s “Cancer Moonshot” initiative, aimed at speeding development of treatments by cutting bureaucracy and easing collaboration between scientists, industry, patients and government. Speaking at a cancer summit at Howard University in Washington, Biden made an impassioned plea for increased urgency in the fight against cancer. The event was part of a national day of action involving hundreds of researchers, patient advocates and data experts across the country. Biden’s son Beau died last year at age 46 from brain cancer, something Biden said helps inform his passion for the project.  “I believe we can do in the next five years what would normally take 10 years,” he said. “Time matters, days matter, minutes matter.” Among proposals intended to bypass inefficiency at the federal level, he announced the formation of an Oncology Center of Excellence at the Food and Drug Administration, which will coordinate and review all of FDA cancer treatments. It comes as scientific advances in diagnostics allow for greater tailoring of drugs to an individual’s genetic profile. It is the first of four potential centers proposed under a bill moving through Congress. Under the existing review system, companies submit products to different divisions of the agency depending on whether it is a drug, device or biologic, a drug made from living cells. A treatment that combines a drug and a diagnostic device could get reviewed on different timelines. “We are moving into a very complicated area in oncology where drugs and devices and biologics are going to be used in combination or sequentially,” Dr. Richard Pazdur, the FDA’s cancer drug director, said in an interview. Pazdur will oversee the establishment of the center and act as its director for the next 120 days, with the potential for the position to be renewed. He will report directly to FDA Commissioner Robert Califf. The “Cancer Moonshot” initiative was announced by President Barack Obama at his State of the Union address in January. Biden outlined a slew of other collaborations and initiatives, including making it easier for patients to find and enter clinical trials through the creation of a cancer trials website and making it easier for scientists to focus on research and less on raising money. “We have to change the culture that turns scientists into grant writers,” he said. “We have to reward teamwork.” ",1
8930,Top Obama administration officials to brief Senate on IS,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of Defense Ash Carter, Deputy Secretary of State Antony Blinken, Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Joseph Dunford and Nicholas Rasmussen, director of the National Center for Counterterrorism, will hold a classified briefing for the U.S. Senate on Wednesday, a senior Senate aide said. The briefing will take place one day after three suspected Islamic State suicide bombers opened fire and blew themselves up in Istanbul’s main airport, killing 41 people and wounding 239. ",1
8931,"U.S. lawmakers seek more money, authority for derivatives regulator","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Commodity Futures Trading Commission would have stronger policing powers over the derivatives market, along with a boosted budget, under legislation introduced in the U.S. Congress on Wednesday. The bill, introduced by Democrats Elizabeth Warren and Mark Warner in the Senate and Elijah Cummings in the House of Representatives, also would add new tasks to the regulator’s rulemaking agenda. “The only way to make sure that derivatives can never lead to a financial crisis and taxpayer bailouts again is to put in place clearer rules and stronger oversight,” Warren said in a statement.  The bill likely will fizzle in the Republican-led Congress. It could also become part of this year’s election fights, as the relationship between Wall Street and Washington frequently moves to center stage in presidential and congressional campaigns.   Democrats such as Warren, who is campaigning for her party’s presumptive nominee, Hillary Clinton, regard the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law passed after the 2007-09 financial crisis as crucial for preventing another massive meltdown. That law greatly expanded the CFTC’s reach, as swaps and derivatives had played a key role in the breakdown of banks and other firms. They also seek further regulation, saying vulnerabilities persist in the financial system. The presumptive nominee for the Republican Party, real estate developer and television star Donald Trump wants to repeal Dodd-Frank. Many in the party say the law has gone too far, drying up liquidity and freezing capital. The proposed legislation “gives the CFTC a stable funding stream and the tools necessary to help deter future illegal acts by permitting penalties large enough to impact the bottom lines of even the largest financial firms,” Cummings said. The CFTC currently is funded through annual appropriations from Congress, unlike the Securities and Exchange Commission, which is backed by user fees and fines.  CFTC Chair Timothy Massad has sought a change, saying millions of dollars more in funds would help the agency keep up with technology advancements in the markets it oversees and with “high-powered defense teams” in its enforcement cases. Republicans in Congress say the funding process keeps the agency accountable to elected leaders. The Democrats’ bill would move the CFTC to the same model as the SEC. It would also put certain foreign exchange swaps under CFTC jurisdiction, change how derivatives are treated in bankruptcy, require posting initial margin in inter-affiliate swaps, and require regulators to review derivatives clearinghouses. ",1
8932,Senate Republican warns of bailout if Puerto Rico vote fails,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell, speaking as lawmakers prepared to vote on a bill to address Puerto Rico’s financial crisis, warned on Wednesday that failure to pass the legislation by Friday could lead to a taxpayer funded bailout. “This is the best and possibly the only action we can take to help Puerto Rico,” McConnell said on the Senate floor amid uncertainty over whether the legislation would receive the support needed in a critical procedural vote due at 10:30 a.m. EDT. “Doing nothing now ... (is) the surest route to both a taxpayer funded bailout of Puerto Rico and a humanitarian crisis for its people,” he said. ",1
8933,Puerto Rico debt bill gains backers in U.S. Senate; close vote seen,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Obama administration and U.S. Senate Republican leaders scrambled on Tuesday to garner enough support to get a Puerto Rico debt relief bill through a critical procedural vote set for Wednesday which several lawmakers predicted would be close. After months of waiting for Congress to act as Puerto Rico’s economic crisis progressively worsened, the Caribbean island appeared to be on the verge of securing a relief plan from Washington aimed at helping it address a hobbling $70 billion debt. The leaders of both political parties in the Senate are on board, but the outcome appeared uncertain. The Obama administration sent Treasury Secretary Jack Lew to Capitol Hill on Tuesday to try to persuade recalcitrant Democrats, while Republicans heard arguments for the legislation from fellow senators at a closed-door luncheon. “We will win the vote tomorrow,” said Senator Bill Nelson, a Florida Democrat, as he left the meeting with Lew. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Republican, told reporters he was “very much on board,” and was urging Republicans to back the measure establishing a federal oversight board to be in charge of restructuring the U.S. territory’s debt. “I’m hopeful and optimistic that the (Obama) administration will be able to get Democrats on board, and we believe strongly that it’s an approach that appeals to most Republicans,” McConnell said. Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid said he would support the bill. The Senate Democratic whip, Dick Durbin of Illinois, a recent convert to the proposal, said he was trying to get a majority of Democrats to back it.  House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi added that while there is much to the legislation she objected to, she implored her Senate colleagues to adopt the bill. “Failure to pass this bill would be a tremendous win for the unscrupulous hedge funds that have held this bill up for six months demanding to be first in line over the needs of the people of Puerto Rico,” she said. “Unless Congress acts, our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico will be plunged into deep economic turmoil in just three days’ time.” Puerto Rico’s 3.5 million residents are U.S. citizens. The U.S. territory is reeling from a 45 percent poverty rate, a steady flow of outward migration to the U.S. mainland that further shrinks its tax base and the shuttering of essential services. But Durbin predicted “it will be close” Wednesday morning, when the Puerto Rico debt relief bill will need a supermajority of 60 senators’ votes to stay alive in the Senate.  And despite McConnell’s expression of optimism, other Republicans said the leadership appeared worried behind the scenes. “I think leadership is concerned because they’re really whipping it,” said Senator Dean Heller, a Nevada Republican. “When they whipped me last night, I said ‘no’. So they’re coming back and asking if I’ll reconsider.” The White House joined the fray, with spokesman Josh Earnest saying that without action by Congress to help Puerto Rico deal with its debt, the need for a bailout of the U.S. territory will become more likely. The measure is identical to the plan passed by the House of Representatives earlier this month, as Congress tries to send it to President Barack Obama to sign into law by July 1. That is when Puerto Rico faces a potential default on a chunk of its debt if it cannot make $1.9 billion in payments.  If the Wednesday morning procedural vote is successful, it would clear the measure for passage this week.  But Republican skeptics of the bill are worried it could constitute a bailout - something its supporters deny - while Democrats have expressed concern about the composition of the oversight board and labor provisions that they say could lower minimum wages for young workers in Puerto Rico. The top Democrat on the Senate Finance committee, Oregon’s Ron Wyden, announced Tuesday he would back the legislation. But Ohio Democratic Senator Sherrod Brown appeared to be wavering even after meeting with Lew, Wyden and other Democrats in a Senate office building.  Brown said he would be more likely to vote “yes” in Wednesday’s procedural vote if Senate leaders promise him a vote on an unrelated issue - legislation to ensure that the federal government and coal mine operators honor payment of promised pensions and health benefits to retired miners. Lew said he thought there was  “broad understanding” of the urgency. “I just do not believe that we can let three and a half million Americans descend into chaos,” he said. ",1
8934,Hispanic claims victory in Harlem race to replace Rangel in U.S. Congress,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dominican-born Adriano Espaillat claimed victory on Tuesday in the U.S. congressional race to succeed longtime Representative Charles Rangel, signaling change in the historically black neighborhood of Harlem that has grown increasingly Hispanic. Nine Democrats ran in the primary to select the party’s candidate for November’s general election. In a district where Democratic voters heavily outnumber Republicans, Tuesday’s winner will have a virtual lock on taking Rangel’s vacated seat in the House of Representatives. Espaillat, once an illegal immigrant, would be the first Dominican-American member of Congress. A state senator, Espaillat, held a 3-point lead on state Assemblyman Keith Wright, an African-American who was endorsed by Rangel and benefited from the political machine of a man who held the job for 46 years. With 98 percent of polling places reporting, Espaillat had 36.7 percent of the vote compared with 33.7 percent for Wright, a difference of nearly 1,300 votes. “The voters of the 13th congressional district made history tonight,” Espaillat, 61, said in a victory speech. “The voters ... elected a country boy from Santiago de los Caballeros in the Dominican Republic,” he said, mixing Spanish and English. Wright, however, refused to concede, telling supporters: “No candidate can declare victory tonight, not until every vote is counted.” The district is dominated by Harlem, long a leading cultural center, home to black political and commercial life, and an incubator for jazz.  Harlem notably has grown more white with gentrification, but it also has become more Hispanic. Besides Harlem, the district also includes predominantly Latino neighborhoods further to the north where Espaillat has his base. Rangel, 86, a founding member of the Congressional Black Caucus, won his first congressional election in 1970, and since then Harlem voters routinely returned him to office every two years, even after his 2010 censure for ethics violations.  Espaillat tried and failed to unseat Rangel in 2012 and 2014 primary elections. Gentrification emerged as a leading issue in the campaign, as a decade-long influx of affluent people, many of them white, has transformed Harlem’s once-blighted blocks of 19th century brownstone town houses. Change has muted the distinctive black identity of the area, the home of the Apollo Theater, the Cotton Club and other monuments of African-American culture. Once an upscale Dutch neighborhood named after the city near Amsterdam, Harlem drew African-Americans during the northward migration of former slaves in the late 19th Century and again between the world wars.  In decades past, affluent New Yorkers avoided venturing too far north, or “uptown.” But soaring property values have turned Harlem into one of New York’s trendiest real estate markets. ",1
8935,"VW agrees to buy back diesel vehicles, fund clean air efforts","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - German automaker Volkswagen AG (VOWG_p.DE) will pay as much as $15.3 billion after admitting it cheated on U.S. diesel emissions tests for years, agreeing to buy back vehicles from consumers and provide funding that could benefit makers of cleaner technologies. The largest-ever automotive buyback offer in the United States came in a deal announced on Tuesday by the Justice Department, Federal Trade Commission, Environmental Protection Agency and California state regulators. The proposed consent decree confirmed that VW will set aside $10.033 billion to cover buybacks or fixes for diesel cars and sport utility vehicles that used illegal software to defeat government emissions tests. VW admitted in September that it installed secret software that allowed U.S. vehicles to emit up to 40 times legally allowable pollution. VW still may face criminal charges and oversight by an independent monitor, a person briefed on the matter said. A criminal settlement could include measures to ensure VW would not engage in further cheating. Shares of VW rose as much as 5 percent on Tuesday, and closed up 1.7 percent at 107.85 euros. “We didn’t follow a multiyear, grind-it-out litigation strategy, which would have been counterproductive for Volkswagen,” said Robert Giuffra Jr., VW’s lead lawyer.  “We moved with lightning speed to settle with our federal and state regulators and the private plaintiffs.”    Under the Justice Department deal, VW will provide $2 billion over 10 years to fund programs directed by California and EPA to promote construction of electric vehicle charging infrastructure, development of zero-emission ride-sharing fleets and other efforts to boost sales of cars that do not burn petroleum. VW also agreed to put up $2.7 billion over three years to enable government and tribal agencies to replace old buses or to fund infrastructure to reduce diesel emissions. The settlement covers 475,000 2.0-liter diesel Jetta, Beetle, Audi A3, Golf, and Passat vehicles from the 2009-2015 model years. VW also announced a separate settlement with 44 U.S. states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico that will cost at least $600 million, bringing the total to as much as $15.3 billion. Deputy U.S. Attorney General Sally Yates said a criminal investigation remained active. “We’re looking at multiple companies and multiple individuals,” she said. “By duping regulators, Volkswagen turned nearly half a million American drivers into unwitting accomplices in an unprecedented assault on our environment,” she added. The EPA is investigating other automakers for potential emissions problems. EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy said the agency “will be releasing information as it becomes available.” VW still faces criminal investigations in Germany and other countries, and lawsuits from investors around the world. The company planned a multi-billion-euro investment program to introduce more than 30 fully electric cars by 2025. Owners have until late 2018 to decide whether to sell the vehicles back.  The deals would move VW close to the 16.2 billion euros ($18 billion) it has set aside to cover costs of the scandal. But spending on buybacks could be much less if regulators approve fixes and owners opt for repairs. Most owners will get $5,100 to $10,000 in compensation, including the pre-scandal value of the cars, documents filed on Tuesday said. The company expects to begin buying back vehicles in October, when a U.S. judge is expected to give final approval to the settlements, and is to start proposing fixes in November.  VW cannot resell or export vehicles it buys back unless the EPA approves a fix, the documents said. Volkswagen must repair or buy back 85 percent of the 475,000 vehicles by June 2019 or face penalties of $100 million for every percentage point below that figure. The agreement does not lift a ban on sales by VW of its U.S. 2016 diesel vehicles. Nor does it cover fees for lawyers of owners suing the company or address 80,000 larger polluting 3.0 liter Porsche, Audi and VW diesel cars.  VW could also face billions in additional costs if it is forced to buy back the 3.0 liter vehicles. VW will likely face significant yet-to-be determined fines under the U.S. Clean Air Act for emissions violations. The settlement does not resolve lawsuits filed last year by owners against German auto supplier Robert Bosch GmbH, which was accused of conspiring with Volkswagen to evade emissions standards. ",1
8936,Important to look at individuals in VW scandal: Lynch,"PHOENIX (Reuters) - U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch said on Tuesday that it was important for the Justice Department to look at individuals in the ongoing criminal investigation into the Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) emissions scandal. Asked whether she would like to see company executives held accountable for the company’s wrongdoing, Lynch told Reuters:  “What’s important for us in every case, including this case,  is to look at those individuals and see what if anything will be  resolved with regards to them.”         Under a settlement announced on Tuesday, the German automaker will pay as much as $15.3 billion after admitting it cheated on U.S. diesel emissions tests for years, agreeing to buy back vehicles from consumers and provide funding that could benefit makers of cleaner technologies. Lynch said U.S. justice officials will be looking at everyone involved in the making of VW decisions in the emissions scandal.        “Certainly it relates to every case, that when it comes to corporate wrongdoing whether it is civil or criminal, that the Department of Justice will be looking at everyone who was involved in making those decisions and in implementing the actions that led to the liability that we have found,” she said in an interview in Phoenix. VW admitted in September that it installed secret software that allowed U.S. vehicles to emit up to 40 times legally allowable pollution. ",1
8937,Exclusive: Trump supporters more likely to view blacks negatively - Reuters/Ipsos poll,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Supporters of U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump are more likely to describe African Americans as “criminal,” “unintelligent,” “lazy” and “violent” than voters who backed some Republican rivals in the primaries or who support Democratic contender Hillary Clinton, according to a Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll. Ahead of the Nov. 8 election to replace Barack Obama, the first black U.S. president, the poll also showed significant numbers of Americans in both the Republican and Democratic parties view blacks more negatively than whites, harbor anxiety about living in diverse neighborhoods and are concerned that affirmative action policies discriminate against whites. Republicans in the survey expressed these concerns to a greater degree than Democrats, with Trump supporters presenting the most critical views of blacks. The poll, conducted between March and June, interviewed 16,000 Americans and included 21 questions on attitudes about race. It sought responses from voters who support Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee, Clinton, the presumptive Democratic nominee, and her rival U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders. It also surveyed supporters of U.S. Senator Ted Cruz and Ohio Governor John Kasich, the last two Republican candidates to drop out of the race. “Mr. Trump is an egalitarian who believes in supporting and protecting all people equally,” said Stephen Miller, Trump’s senior policy adviser, when asked about the poll. “This is a stark contrast to Hillary Clinton, whose policies have been a disaster for African-American and Hispanic citizens.” A spokesman for Hillary Clinton declined to comment on the poll. (Graphic on racial attitudes of presidential candidates' supporters tmsnrt.rs/294chjP) Nearly half of Trump’s supporters described African Americans as more “violent” than whites. The same proportion described African Americans as more “criminal” than whites, while 40 percent described them as more “lazy” than whites. In smaller, but still significant, numbers, Clinton backers also viewed blacks more critically than whites with regard to certain personality traits. Nearly one-third of Clinton supporters described blacks as more “violent” and “criminal” than whites, and one-quarter described them as more “lazy” than whites. Clinton is relying heavily on black voters to help her win the White House, and her victory over Sanders in the early state nominating contests was due in part to her overwhelming lead among African Americans. When asked about where they wanted to live, 36 percent of Trump supporters said, “I prefer to live in a community with people who come from diverse cultures,” compared with 46 percent of Cruz supporters, 55 percent of Kasich supporters and 70 percent of Clinton supporters. Trump’s supporters were more likely to be critical of affirmative action policies that favor minorities in school admissions or in hiring. Some 31 percent of Trump supporters said they “strongly agree” that “social policies, such as affirmative action, discriminate unfairly against white people,” compared with 21 percent of Cruz supporters, 17 percent of Kasich supporters and 16 percent of Clinton supporters. To be sure, not all Trump supporters expressed negative attitudes about blacks. No more than 50 percent of his supporters rated blacks negatively, relative to whites, on any of the six character traits in the poll. Yet when their answers to the poll questions were compared with responses from supporters of other candidates, Trump supporters were always more critical of blacks on personality traits, analysis of the results showed.  The trend was consistent in the data, even when the results were filtered to include only white respondents to remove any impact that a different racial mix between Clinton and Trump supporters might play in the poll. The Trump supporters’ views on affirmative action and neighborhood diversity do not necessarily reflect racial bias alone, said Michael Traugott, a polling expert and professor emeritus at the University of Michigan, who is not publicly supporting either Trump or Clinton. Rather, the results could also suggest anxieties about economic insecurity and social standing.  Trump, whose supporters are mostly white, has promised to return manufacturing jobs to the United States, crack down on illegal immigration and pull out of global trade deals that he says have hurt American workers.  “The support for Trump is indicative of the support for the type of policies he is advocating,” said Lawrence Brown, a professor at Morgan State University in Baltimore who writes about racism and has supported Sanders. Obama said in May that U.S. race relations have improved over the last three decades but that significant work still needs to be done.  The issue of race has assumed great political prominence over the past two years, amid countrywide protests over police treatment of African Americans, economic disparity between blacks and whites, and court challenges to affirmative action and voting rights. The Reuters/Ipsos poll asked people to grade whites and blacks on a series of personal traits. The results were then analyzed to compare how each respondent rated whites with how they rated blacks. In nearly every case, Trump supporters were more likely to rate whites higher than blacks when their responses were compared with responses from Clinton supporters.  For example, 32 percent of Trump supporters placed whites closer to the top level of “intelligence” than they did blacks, compared with 22 percent of Clinton supporters who did the same. About 40 percent of Trump supporters placed whites higher on the “hardworking” scale than blacks, while 25 percent of Clinton supporters did the same. And 44 percent of Trump supporters placed whites as more “well mannered” than blacks, compared with 30 percent of Clinton supporters. The online poll, which surveyed people over the age of 18 across the United States, was conducted during two periods in the 2016 election cycle. The first ran three weeks in March and April, while Cruz and Kasich were still competing with Trump for the Republican nomination. The second polling period covered nearly four weeks in May and June, after Kasich and Cruz had dropped out. ",1
8938,"Trump vows to reopen, or toss, NAFTA pact with Canada and Mexico","MONESSEN, Pennsylvania/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Tuesday vowed to force Canada and Mexico to renegotiate the NAFTA trade agreement with the United States if elected, as part of an effort to protect and restore American jobs. Trump criticized the North American Free Trade Agreement as a U.S. job killer, saying he would be willing to scrap the pact if Canada and Mexico were unwilling to budge. He also tried to link Democratic rival Hillary Clinton to the deal on the eve of a meeting in Ottawa of the “three amigos,” the leaders of the three NAFTA signatories: the United States, Mexico and Canada.  In his most detailed speech on trade, the presumptive Republican nominee said he would pull the United States out of negotiations for a deal among 12 Pacific Rim nations and promised to use executive power to resolve trade disputes with China. Trump also pledged to revive the U.S. steel and aluminum industry, speaking at an aluminum scrap company in Monessen, Pennsylvania, nearly 30 miles (50 km) south of Pittsburgh, the one-time American steelmaking capital. Trump has identified Pennsylvania as a state he believes he can wrest from the Democrats in the Nov. 8 election. He also campaigned on Tuesday in Ohio, which like Pennsylvania is a Rust Belt state.  Democratic President Barack Obama won both states in 2008 and 2012, but manufacturing job losses have led to voter anxiety in the region. “I’m going tell our NAFTA partners that I intend to immediately renegotiate the terms of that agreement to get a better deal for our workers. And I don’t mean just a little bit better, I mean a lot better,” Trump said in Pennsylvania. If Canada and Mexico do not agree to renegotiate the pact, Trump said he would notify them under the agreement’s terms “that America intends to withdraw from the deal.” He tried to tie his Democratic rival to the pact, approved in 1993 during the administration of her husband, President Bill Clinton, as he called NAFTA one of the “worst legacies” of the Clinton years. On MSNBC after Trump’s speech, Clinton spokeswoman Kristina Schake called the wealthy New York businessman the “king of outsourcing,” in an apparent reference to Trump-branded products such as suits and ties made overseas.  “It was full of hypocrisy and misstatements and outright lies,” Schake said. Trade has been a vulnerability for Clinton, who struggled for white, blue-collar votes in her Democratic primary race against U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders, who criticized her for supporting trade deals and said she was too close to Wall Street.   TRANS-PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP Trump echoed Sanders’ criticism on Tuesday, saying Clinton supported the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership, or TPP, while she was secretary of state and only opposed it once she was running for president. Clinton’s campaign said she opposed the agreement because it was not strong enough on currency manipulation and other areas.        Clinton has said she will evaluate each trade deal on its merits but does not believe the TPP is good for U.S. workers.        Sanders now says he will vote for Clinton in November, although he has not formally withdrawn from the race. Trump said he saw no way to fix the TPP, calling it a “death blow” for American manufacturing. Although China is not part of the agreement, Trump said Beijing might try to enter it “through the back door” later on. Later, during a rally in St. Clairsville, Ohio, Trump said the deal was “just a continuing rape of our country.” Just hours before Trump spoke, Clinton allies sought to pre-empt the planned trade speech by saying Trump’s policies amounted to empty promises. Earlier, AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka told a trade conference in Washington that “Trump embodies everything that is wrong with our current trade policy. He has consistently sent American jobs overseas to line his own pockets.” The AFL-CIO, which collectively represents more than 12 million workers, making it the largest U.S. labor federation, endorsed Clinton this month. Both Clinton and Trump have acknowledged that Britain’s vote to leave the European Union signaled a global economic frustration among working-class voters that could reverberate in the U.S. election. “There is a lot of legitimate anxiety, fear and even anger in many parts of our country because people feel like the economy has failed them,” Clinton said in Denver on Tuesday. “I think this is going to be one of the defining issues in this election.” Trump has seized on the historic Brexit vote to bolster his argument that voters are rising up against establishment leaders, saying Americans would reject the “global elite” and support his presidential candidacy. But Trump has broken with Republican Party orthodoxy in criticizing trade deals, and has threatened to slap tariffs on Mexican and Chinese imports. His rhetoric has drawn criticism from many economists, who say such practices could spark trade wars. As Trump spoke, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, which is usually in sync with prominent Republicans on trade policy, said on Twitter: “Under Trump’s trade plans, we would see higher prices, fewer jobs, and a weaker economy.” ",1
8939,Economic espionage a 'tremendous problem': U.S. attorney general,"PHOENIX (Reuters) - U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch said on Tuesday fighting economic espionage was a priority for the Department of Justice. Interviewed by Reuters in Phoenix, she said: “When it comes to economic espionage, this is in fact a tremendous problem because ... be they individuals or be they state actors ... essentially they’re stealing from future generations also. We take these matters very seriously... It is a matter of priority for us.”    ",1
8940,Puerto Rico bailout more likely if Congress does not act: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Without action by Congress to help Puerto Rico deal with its debt, the need for a bailout of the U.S. territory will become more likely, the White House said on Tuesday. Spokesman Josh Earnest made the comment at a regular White House briefing. ",1
8941,Top U.S. Senate Democrat says he will support Puerto Rico bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid said on Tuesday that he will support a bill to address Puerto Rico’s financial crisis when it comes up for an important procedural vote on Wednesday, but he  could not say how many other Democrats are for the legislation. ",1
8942,Democratic Senator Wyden says he will vote for Puerto Rico debt bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic U.S. Senator Ron Wyden said on Tuesday he will vote for a crucial Puerto Rico debt restructuring bill, saying it was the best alternative for the financially battered territory. “I am going to vote for this bill,” Wyden told reporters after a meeting with U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew. “I certainly wish that there were amendments, but for me I am not going to let the adequate be the enemy of the barely sufficient.”  ",1
8943,Justice Dept. reviewing Supreme Court immigration decision: Lynch,"PHOENIX (Reuters) - The Obama administration is looking into whether it can challenge the Supreme Court’s decision to block President Barack Obama’s plan to spare millions of illegal immigrants from deportation, U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch said Tuesday.         “We will be reviewing the case and seeing what, if anything else, we need to do in court,” Lynch told Reuters in an interview.  Lynch did not say what legal options the Obama administration may pursue following a split decision by the Supreme Court justices last week that left in place a block on the executive action by a lower court.  She said any future executive actions Obama may take on immigration would be left to the White House.  In a wideranging interview on topics from gun control to the effect of the planned exit of Britain from the European Union, Lynch identified espionage from foreign nationals on U.S. companies as a “tremendous problem.” The Federal Bureau of Investigation has reported a 53 percent increase in cases of economic espionage between 2014 and 2015 and the majority of cases involve Chinese nationals as culprits.  Most recently, Xu Jiaqiang, 30, was charged with economic espionage and theft of trade secrets, for stealing software source code from his U.S. employer with the intent of benefiting the Chinese government.  “It is a matter of priority for us,” Lynch said. “When companies or industries are preyed upon by others, be they individuals, be they state actors who literally steal the fruit of their intellectual labors, essentially they are stealing from future generations also.” Asked to comment on the impact of Britain’s decision at a referendum last week to leave the European Union, Lynch said the law enforcement relationships between the United States and both Britain and the European Union would remain strong.  “We have very strong and positive relationship with law enforcement in the United Kingdom and, as of now, I do not see that changing in respect to the United Kingdom or the European Union,” Lynch said.  Asked about changes that should be made in the wake of the mass shooting in Orlando on June 12, Lynch did not say if the Justice Department or the Obama administration was working on more executive actions on gun control but would continue research on “smart-gun” technology. A smart gun is one that can only be fired by the authorized user, often by requiring a palm print, in order to prevent gun theft or accidental shootings.      “That’s going to be a longer-term project. One of the things that we want to make sure is that people who do own guns lawfully have a way to make sure that their family members are safe in the house with them,” Lynch said the Justice Department is looking to see if the federal government can move smart-gun research forward, including on technology that can be used by the military. Lynch also said that it was important for the Justice Department to look at individuals in the ongoing criminal investigation into the Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) emissions scandal. ",1
8944,Clinton leads Trump by 11 points in U.S. presidential race: Reuters/Ipsos,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Democratic presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton posted an 11 percentage point lead over her Republican rival Donald Trump, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Tuesday, a small decline since late last week. The June 24-28 poll showed that 45.3 percent of likely American voters support Clinton while 34.1 percent support Trump, and another 20.5 percent support neither. Clinton’s lead was 14 points on Friday, though she has generally been widening her advantage over the New York real estate magnate since mid-May, when the two were nearly tied. The former secretary of state, senator and first lady was bolstered in recent days by endorsements from members of the Republican establishment, including Henry Paulson, Treasury secretary under former President George W. Bush. Her Democratic rival Bernie Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, said last week he would vote for her to stop Trump even though his campaign said this was not a formal endorsement. Clinton is struggling to win over Sanders supporters after a hard-fought campaign for the nomination. Critics have assailed her over her handling of emails and a 2012 attack on a U.S. mission in Libya while secretary of state. Trump got a brief boost in the days after the June 12 mass shooting in Florida, coming within nine points of Clinton as he fine-tuned a campaign promise to temporarily ban the entry of Muslim immigrants to shore up national security. His level of support so far in June, however, lags behind what his predecessor, Republican White House hopeful Mitt Romney, received in the same period in 2012.  He has sparred with Republican leaders over his off-the-cuff rhetoric and lagged behind Clinton’s campaign organization in both size and fundraising, worrying some of his allies.  The poll included 1,099 likely voters and has a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of 3.4 percentage points. ",1
8945,"Sanders back in U.S. Senate, blasts 'colonialism' in Puerto Rico","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic U.S. presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders brought his firebrand rhetoric back to the floor of the Senate on Tuesday to condemn a White House-backed bill on Puerto Rico’s financial crisis as “colonialism at its worst.” Sanders, a self-described democratic socialist who turned an unlikely presidential bid into a political movement to combat inequality, warned that legislation due for a crucial Senate vote on Wednesday would subject Puerto Rico to Republican trickle-down economics and favor “vulture capitalists” at the expense of the island’s increasingly impoverished population. An aide said it was the first time Sanders has spoken in the Senate since December. “Does that sound like the kind of morality that should be passed here in the United States Senate?” Sanders fumed during an eight-minute appearance to support an hours-long speech by Democratic Senator Robert Menendez of New Jersey, who opposes the bill. The Vermont senator used his appearance to rail against details of the legislation, which would put much of Puerto Rico’s management in the hands of a seven-member oversight board and require the island to pay $370 million over five years for the board’s administration costs even as it cuts funding for education, healthcare and pensions. In an exchange with Menendez, Sanders said, “How in God’s name do you run up an administrative cost of $370 million,” adding, “I know this sounds so absurd that people may think I’m misleading them.” “Would my friend from New Jersey agree that this is colonialism at its worst?” asked Sanders, who announced last week that he would vote for presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton in her November election contest against Republican Donald Trump. “Oh absolutely,” replied Menendez. The Puerto Rico bill, which has already been passed by the Republican-controlled House of Representatives, faces opposition from both sides of the aisle in the Senate. Nevertheless, the Obama administration and Republican leaders are trying to get the bill passed before a July 1 deadline, when the island is scheduled to make a $1.9 billion payment on its $70 billion debt. ",1
8946,Cruz chairs contentious U.S. Senate hearing on 'radical Islam',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican U.S. Senator Ted Cruz on Tuesday accused the Obama administration of under-emphasizing the “threat of radical Islam” as he presided over a Senate hearing for the second time since suspending his presidential campaign in early May. President Barack Obama and top Justice Department officials have come under fire from conservatives for avoiding the term “radical Islam” when denouncing attacks by violent extremists who claim inspiration from Islamic State, such as the Orlando nightclub shooter.  Administration officials have countered that focusing on the use of the phrase is a political distraction and gives fuel to Islamic State propagandists who say the United States has waged war against all of Islam. Absent from Tuesday’s hearing before a subcommittee of the Senate Judiciary Committee were the two top Justice Department counter-terrorism officials whom Cruz had invited to testify. “The Obama administration of course has declined to appear and explain its policies,” Cruz said at the hearing, noting that the officials had not provided any reason for staying away. Justice Department spokesman Marc Raimondi said in an emailed statement that the department is “focused on aggressively and successfully pursuing terrorist adversaries” and on denying them “unchallenged recruiting platforms to spread their messages of hate and intolerance.” Democratic members of the subcommittee said national security policies more targeted at Muslims, such as presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s call for a ban on Muslim immigrants, would be unconstitutional and counter-productive. “We cannot fight radicalization with further radicalization,” said Democratic Senator Christopher Coons of Delaware, adding at the end of the hearing that he did not think “arguing over semantics” for three hours had helped improve American national security. Experts from Muslim and Arab advocacy groups as well as former government national security officials testified at the hearing, representing both sides of the debate over whether the administration emphasizes Islam too much or too little in its counter-extremism policies. Protesters with Code Pink, an anti-war advocacy group, offered Cruz packs of gum labeled “Islamophobin” as he entered the hearing room, telling him it could cure Islamophobia.     ",1
8947,Congressional watchdog expands probe of lax Wall Street oversight,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - A U.S. congressional watchdog said on Tuesday it has formally added three agencies to its investigation into whether government regulators are too soft on the banks they are meant to police. In March, Reuters exclusively reported that the Government Accountability Office (GAO) was preparing a probe of the U.S. Federal Reserve and other to-be-determined regulators, in response to a request by Democratic U.S. Representatives Maxine Waters and Al Green for it to look into “regulatory capture.”  The review, requested last October, is the first by an outside agency into the perception that financial regulators are “captured” by and too deferential toward the bankers they supervise, so that Wall Street benefits at the public’s expense. Lawrance Evans, director of the GAO’s financial markets and community investment division, said in an email on Tuesday that the probe would include the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) and the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA). The GAO will also look back at work by the Office of Thrift Supervision, which merged with the OCC in 2011, and regulates savings and loan institutions.  Evans said the investigation is technically separate from the probe of the Fed, “but it is indeed part of the work we are doing in response to the Waters/Green request.”  The FDIC declined to comment. Representatives from the OCC and NCUA were not immediately available to comment.  Perceptions of regulatory capture have dogged the U.S. central bank and other regulators since they failed to head off the 2007-2009 financial crisis that sparked a global recession. ",1
8948,Clinton rolls out wide-ranging technology agenda,"(Reuters) - Presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton on Tuesday laid out a technology and innovation agenda ranging from connecting every U.S. household to high-speed internet by 2020 to beefing up cyber security and reducing regulatory barriers. A statement issued by her campaign said Clinton strongly supports the Obama administration’s net neutrality rules requiring broadband providers to treat all data equally, rather than giving or selling access to a so-called Web fast lane. She will increase research and development budgets of the National Science Foundation and similar entities and will launch an initiative to train up to 50,000 computer science teachers, the statement said. “Hillary believes the government has an important role to play in laying a foundation for broad-based innovation and economic growth - by reducing regulatory barriers to entry, promoting healthy competition, and keeping the internet free and open,” it said.   ",1
8949,White House chides Congress for failing to fund Zika,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - White House spokesman Josh Earnest, on Tuesday, chided Republicans for failing to push forward with the president’s request for funding to combat the Zika virus and address an urgent public health crisis.  “They need that money right now,” Earnest told reporters at a daily briefing, referring to U.S. agencies that he said are on the frontlines of battling the virus, especially in the U.S. South. Senate Democrats earlier on Tuesday blocked a Republican funding proposal that they said was inadequate. ",1
8950,White House blasts Republicans over House Benghazi panel report,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House on Tuesday blasted Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives for using a panel to investigate the 2012 attack in Benghazi, Libya, as a tool to attack Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. “This is a political exercise,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest said at a daily briefing after Republicans released their report. ",1
8951,"U.S. official sees progress against Islamic State, war continuing","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama’s special envoy for the fight against Islamic State said on Tuesday that coalition forces were making progress and planning assaults on key cities in Iraq and Syria, but U.S. lawmakers criticized the progress as too slow. Brett McGurk testified at a U.S. Senate Foreign Relations hearing that morale is falling within the militant group as it loses territory. But he said efforts to find a political solution were making little progress and could not predict an end to fighting as long as Syrian President Bashar al-Assad remained in power. “So long as Assad is leading the government in Damascus there is no way this war will ever end,” McGurk said. The conflict between U.S.-backed armed groups and Assad’s government, supported by Russia and Iran, has complicated the fight against Islamic State amid a massive humanitarian crisis. Iraqi forces recently entered the Islamic State bastion of Falluja just west of Baghdad, and were pushing north toward Mosul, by far the biggest city that Islamic State controls. In Syria, U.S.-backed forces were closing in on the militant stronghold of Manbij, and Assad’s Russian-backed army has advanced into the province surrounding the de facto Islamic State capital Raqqa. McGurk said completion of the operation against Manbij would create conditions to move on Raqqa. And he said planning was under way for a campaign to liberate Mosul. “We’re beginning to totally isolate their presence in Raqqa and Mosul and I believe we are setting the conditions in place to get them out of both of these cities,” McGurk said. He offered no timeline for those operations. Lawmakers said they felt the campaign was moving too slowly, and worried that, without a political solution, defeating Islamic State would leave behind a power vacuum that could be filled by another militant group. “I don’t see how what’s left of the political process possibly leads to Assad’s departure,” said Republican Senator Bob Corker, the committee’s chairman. A massacre two weeks ago in Florida by a gunman inspired by Islamic State drew attention to its efforts to inspire attacks in the west.   McGurk said Raqqa was the center for the group’s social media operations, which have become more of a focus as its fortunes have faded on the battlefield. Discussing the region, McGurk said Washington would like more air resources from coalition allies United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia. “Right now we want to end the war in Yemen in order to really focus efforts on the counter-ISIL campaign,” McGurk said, using an acronym for Islamic State, which is also known as ISIS. ",1
8952,U.S. lawmakers deadlock on Zika virus funds,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. lawmakers deadlocked over funding to fight the Zika virus on Tuesday, as Senate Democrats blocked a Republican proposal they said fell short of the challenge posed by the mosquito-borne virus and hurt other health priorities. Amid political recriminations by both parties, the Republican plan to provide $1.1 billion in funding to combat Zika, which had already passed the House of Representatives, failed to get the 60 votes needed in the Senate to clear a procedural hurdle. The vote was 52 in favor and 48 against on a mostly party-line vote.  It was unclear when Congress would revisit the issue. Democrats urged bipartisan talks, and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Republican, said lawmakers would address the matter again sometime after the July 4 national holiday next week. Both sides warned the other that there could be a political price to pay in an election year for stalling on Zika funding, with the summer mosquito season under way and with it the threat of the virus spreading. “Here we are, in an utterly absurd position, playing political games as this public health crisis mounts here in our country,” McConnell said. The Zika virus, which has swept through the Americas and Caribbean since last fall, has been linked to thousands of cases of microcephaly, a rare birth defect, in Brazil, as well as to neurological disorders. It has been declared a global health emergency by the World Health Organization. There have not yet been any cases reported of local transmission of the Zika virus in the continental United States, but there have been 820 cases that were acquired from travel to areas with active Zika outbreaks, or through sexual transmission. There have been more than 1,800 cases of Zika infection reported in Puerto Rico, a U.S. territory in the Caribbean. Health experts expect local transmission to occur in the continental United States with warmer weather. Democrats have been urging Republicans for months to agree to Zika funding. The Republican plan would have funded mosquito control efforts by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control, as well as vaccine research by the National Institutes of Health, and money for community health centers in areas that are experiencing the highest rates of Zika transmission. But Democrats complained that Republicans locked them out of drafting the $1.1 billion funding plan, which would have made $750 million in budget cuts elsewhere. The Republican plan, rushed through the House last week, would have taken money from battling the Ebola virus as well as from funds set aside for implementing the Obamacare health insurance program in U.S. territories. The Senate last month agreed to a bipartisan bill allocating the same amount - $1.1 billion - to fight Zika, but without cutting any other programs. Democrats were especially angry that the Republican proposal that failed on Tuesday would not allow funding to go to private entities such as the women’s healthcare provider Planned Parenthood, although the Zika virus can be sexually transmitted. “I don’t know what universe (McConnell) is living in. What does he think, we’re all stupid, the American people are dumb? They’re not. They understand what’s going here,” Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid declared after the vote. President Barack Obama, a Democrat, had vowed to veto the plan, which falls short of his $1.9 billion request, if it ever arrived on his desk. Republicans charged that the Democrats were blocking the measure mainly because it included no funding for Planned Parenthood, a non-profit group that Democrats and Republicans have been skirmishing over for years. It provides health exams, screening and contraception services to women. Republicans have previously sought to cut off all federal funding to the group, which also provides abortions. Planned Parenthood says abortions make up just three percent of its work. Republican Senator John Thune, referring to Planned Parenthood, charged on Monday that Democrats were more interested in pleasing a what he called a special interest group than in acting on Zika. U.S. health officials have concluded that Zika infections in pregnant women can cause microcephaly, a birth defect marked by small head size that can lead to severe developmental problems in babies. The WHO has said there is strong scientific consensus that Zika can also cause Guillain-Barre, a rare neurological syndrome that causes temporary paralysis in adults.  ",1
8953,Funding to combat Zika fails to advance in Senate,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Funding to battle the Zika virus failed to advance in the U.S. Senate on Tuesday, as Democrats blocked a Republican proposal that they said would short-change the challenge posed by the mosquito-borne virus as well as other health priorities. The proposal to provide $1.1 billion in funding, which has already passed the Republican-controlled House of Representatives, got 52 votes, well short of the 60 votes needed in the Senate to clear a procedural hurdle. It was unclear when Congress would revisit the issue.   ",1
8954,Republican Ryan wants trade talks with Britain,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Paul Ryan, the Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives, called on Tuesday for Washington, in parallel with its negotiations with Europe, to pursue a separate free trade agreement with Britain, once it has formally separated from the European Union. Ryan, the highest-ranking elected Republican in the United States, echoed a call from many members of his party, who have dismissed President Barack Obama’s contention that Britain will be at the “back of the queue” for trade talks. Obama issued that warning in April when he intervened to try to persuade Britons to vote to remain in the June 23 referendum on staying or leaving the EU.   Free trade agreements require the approval of both houses of the U.S. Congress. Ryan’s Republicans currently control a majority in both the House and Senate.  EU and U.S. negotiations had sought to conclude the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) talks before Obama leaves office in January. Although many of his fellow Democrats oppose trade deals as a potential threat to U.S. jobs, Obama has worked with Republicans to pass trade measures. “That is something we should begin discussions with Great Britain to ease concerns so that we do have a smooth trade relationship with Great Britain because they are our indispensable ally,” Ryan said on WISN, a radio station in his home state Wisconsin. The remarks were distributed by Ryan’s office in Washington. Some trade experts have said that a deal on TTIP is unlikely for years now without Britain at the table, which could open an opportunity for a separate deal with Britain. ",1
8955,"For Obama, setbacks from a divided Supreme Court","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court breaks for the summer this week, having dealt high-profile setbacks to President Barack Obama on issues important to his liberal legacy, notably on immigration and climate change. This will be the high court’s last full nine-month term of the Democratic president’s administration. Obama leaves office in January 2017. The court was one shy of its full strength nine members much of this term due to the death of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia on Feb. 13. His absence affected the outcome of some major cases. Four cases, including the immigration dispute, ended in 4-4 splits that left lower court rulings in place. There was little Obama could do about it. Even if the Republican-led U.S. Senate had accepted Obama’s March 16 nomination of Judge Merrick Garland to succeed Scalia, it was unlikely he would have made it to the bench in time to hear the term’s final round of arguments in April. Hoping their candidate wins the presidential election in November, Republicans insist the choice of Scalia’s successor should fall to the next president. The administration did score some major wins on abortion and  other social issues, but these were when it intervened in cases where it was not directly involved. Obama’s biggest loss came last Thursday on his bid to protect up to four million immigrants from deportation. The 4-4 deadlock will keep him from taking major action on immigration reform, a top policy aim, before he leaves office. In a second major blow to Obama’s legacy, the court unexpectedly put on hold sweeping federal regulations meant to curb carbon dioxide emissions from power plants, the centerpiece of his administration’s climate change strategy.. That decision by a 5-4 vote, days before Scalia’s death, effectively put off a ruling on the regulation until after a legal challenge is completed - sometime after the next president enters the White House - and prevented the new regulations from being implemented. On healthcare, the administration lost narrowly to Christian groups that sought an exemption to a provision of his signature law known as Obamacare requiring employers to provide health insurance coverage for contraception.  The high court sent that dispute back to lower courts without deciding the main legal issue, throwing out a series of rulings in the government’s favor. The administration lost some other big cases in which it was directly involved, including former Virginia Governor Robert McDonnell’s successful appeal of his corruption convictions. A silver lining for the administration came in cases where it lent its support, as a friend of the court, to advocates for abortion rights and for race-based university admissions to offset years of discrimination. Elizabeth Wydra, president of the liberal leaning Constitutional Accountability Center, said Solicitor General Donald Verrilli, the administration’s top Supreme Court lawyer until he stepped down last week, deserved some credit for the ruling on Monday striking down tough abortion restrictions in Texas due to his performance during the oral argument. Last Thursday, the court upheld consideration of race as an acceptable factor in admissions at the University of Texas. Had Scalia lived, the court might have deadlocked 4-4 in that too. One 4-4 decision went the administration’s way. The government supported unions that successfully fended off a conservative legal challenge. The divided court left in place a lower court ruling in favor of the unions. With Scalia on the court, the conservative majority would likely have struck down fees that many states force workers to pay unions in lieu of dues to fund collective bargaining and other activities.  A loss for unions would have deprived unions representing teachers, police, transit workers, firefighters and other government employees of millions of dollars annually and diminished their political clout. The administration also scored a significant victory when the court upheld an electricity-markets regulation that encourages big power users like factories to cut consumption at peak times, rejecting a challenge brought by electric utilities. ",1
8956,"Supreme Court firmly backs abortion rights, tosses Texas law","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday struck down a Texas abortion law imposing strict regulations on doctors and facilities in the strongest endorsement of abortion rights in America in more than two decades. The 5-3 ruling held that the Republican-backed 2013 Texas law placed an undue burden on women exercising their right under the U.S. Constitution to end a pregnancy, established in the court’s landmark 1973 Roe v. Wade decision. The abortion providers who challenged the law said it was medically unnecessary and specifically intended to shut clinics.  Texas officials said it was intended to protect women’s health. The ruling means similar laws in other states are probably unconstitutional and could put in jeopardy other types of abortion restrictions enacted in various conservative states. “The decision should send a loud signal to politicians that they can no longer hide behind sham rationales to shut down clinics and prevent a woman who has decided to end a pregnancy from getting the care she needs,” said Jennifer Dalven, a lawyer with the American Civil Liberties Union. President Barack Obama, whose administration backed the abortion providers in the court challenge, said in a statement he was “pleased to see the Supreme Court protect women’s rights and health” and that restrictions like those in Texas “harm women’s health and place an unconstitutional obstacle in the path of a woman’s reproductive freedom.” Conservative Justice Anthony Kennedy joined the court’s four liberal members in the ruling, with the remaining three conservatives dissenting. The court declared that both key provisions of the law - requiring abortion doctors to have  difficult-to-obtain “admitting privileges” at a local hospital and requiring clinics to have costly hospital-grade facilities - violated a woman’s right to an abortion. Writing for the court, liberal Justice Stephen Breyer said, “We conclude that neither of these provisions offers medical benefits sufficient to justify the burdens upon access that each imposes.” “Each places a substantial obstacle in the path of women seeking a pre-viability abortion, each constitutes an undue burden on abortion access, and each violates the federal Constitution,” Breyer added. Deferring to state legislatures over “questions of medical uncertainty is also inconsistent with this court’s case law,” Breyer added. The ruling in the case, Whole Woman’s Health v. Hellerstedt, represented the most vigorous affirmation of abortion rights in the United States since a 1992 ruling affirmed a woman’s right to have the procedure. On a warm sunny summer day, hundreds of people on both sides of the issue converged on the Supreme Court building, with abortion rights advocates dancing and celebrating after the ruling. “We’re ecstatic. The reality is today women won,” abortion rights activist Marcela Howell said. The law was passed by a Republican-led legislature and signed by a Republican governor in 2013. Ten states currently have admitting privileges requirements on the books while six have laws requiring hospital-grade facilities. Lower courts have blocked admitting privileges provisions in five states and halted facilities regulations in two states.  “The decision erodes states’ lawmaking authority to safeguard the health and safety of women and subjects more innocent life to being lost. Texas’ goal is to protect innocent life, while ensuring the highest health and safety standards for women,” Republican Texas Governor Greg Abbott said. Since the law was passed, the number of abortion clinics in Texas, the second-most-populous U.S. state with about 27 million people, had dropped from 41 to 19. The Supreme Court has appeals pending in two cases involving admitting privilege laws in Mississippi and Wisconsin on which it could act as soon as Tuesday.     The Texas law required abortion doctors to have “admitting privileges,” a type of formal affiliation, at a hospital within 30 miles (48 km) of the clinic so they can treat patients needing surgery or other critical care. The law also required clinic buildings to possess costly, hospital-grade facilities. These regulations covered numerous building features such as corridor width, the swinging motion of doors, floor tiles, parking spaces, elevator size, ventilation, electrical wiring, plumbing, floor tiling and even the angle that water flows from drinking fountains. Americans remain closely divided over whether abortion should be legal. In a Reuters/Ipsos online poll involving 6,769 U.S. adults conducted from June 3 to June 22, 47 percent of respondents said abortion generally should be legal and 42 percent said it generally should be illegal. Views on abortion in the United States have changed very little over the decades, according to historical polling data. The last time the justices decided a major abortion case was nine years ago when they ruled 5-4 to uphold a federal law banning a late-term abortion procedure. Amy Hagstrom Miller, founder and CEO of Whole Woman’s Health, which led the challenge to the Texas law, said, “Every day Whole Woman’s Health treats our patients with compassion, respect and dignity - and today the Supreme Court did the same. We’re thrilled that today justice was served and our clinics stay open.” Presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton on Twitter called the ruling “a victory for women in Texas and across America.” “This fight isn’t over: The next president has to protect women’s health. Women won’t be ‘punished’ for exercising their basic rights,” she said, a dig at presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, who once suggested women who get illegal abortions should face “some sort of punishment.” The presidential election is Nov. 8. Some U.S. states have pursued a variety of restrictions on abortion, including banning certain types of procedures, prohibiting it after a certain number of weeks of gestation, requiring parental permission for girls until a certain age, imposing waiting periods or mandatory counseling, and others. “It’s exceedingly unfortunate that the court has taken the ability to protect women’s health out of the hands of Texas citizens and their duly-elected representatives,” Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton, a Republican, said in a statement. Chief Justice John Roberts, Justice Clarence Thomas and Justice Samuel Alito dissented. The normally nine-justice court was one member short after the Feb. 13 death of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia, who consistently opposed abortion in past rulings. ",1
8957,Abortion providers aim to reopen some closed Texas clinics,"AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - Abortion providers in Texas reacted with surprise and elation on Monday to the U.S. Supreme Court’s decision to throw out the state’s restrictive abortion law and said they aimed to reopen some clinics shut down since the measure was passed in 2013. Since the law was passed by a Republican-led legislature and signed by a Republican governor, the number of abortion clinics in Texas, the second-most-populous U.S. state with about 27 million people, has fallen from 41 to 19. “I am honestly surprised by the Supreme Court decision,” Rachel Bergstrom-Carlson, health center manager at Planned Parenthood of Austin, said at the clinic that performs about 250 abortions per month in the Texas state capital. But Bergstrom-Carlson said she does not think the ruling “all of the sudden creates open access” to abortion for Texas women or that it means other legislation intended to restrict women’s access to safe and legal abortions will be scrapped. Abortion providers said the law imposed medically unnecessary regulations that were intended to shut clinics. Texas state officials said the law was aimed at protecting women’s health. Dr. Bhavik Kumar, who performs abortions at Whole Woman’s Health clinics in Texas, said abortion providers will seek to reopen some of the shuttered clinics but do not expect to be able to return to the number in operation prior to the law. Negotiating new leases and hiring staff will mean a slow return to operations for those that do re-open, Kumar said. The Supreme Court ruled that both key provisions of the law - requiring abortion doctors to have difficult-to-obtain “admitting privileges” at a local hospital and requiring clinics to have costly hospital-grade facilities - violated a woman’s right to an abortion established in a 1973 landmark ruling. “I am beyond elated,” Amy Hagstrom Miller, founder and CEO of Whole Woman’s Health, which operates four abortion clinics in Texas and spearheaded the challenge to the law. “After years of fighting heartless, anti-abortion Texas politicians who would seemingly stop at nothing to push abortion out of reach, I want everyone to understand: you don’t mess with Texas, you don’t mess with Whole Woman’s Health,” she added. If the Supreme Court had left the law in place, only eight clinics would have remained open, including the Planned Parenthood facility in Austin, a U.S. lower court judge said. The state’s Republican leaders, including the governor and attorney general, criticized the ruling that they said would endanger public health. “Now abortion clinics are free to ignore these basic safety standards and continue practicing under substandard conditions,” Republican Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick said. “By its ruling, the court held that the ability of abortion clinics to remain open – even under substandard conditions – outweighs the state’s ability to put women’s health and safety first.” The legislature meets again next year, and top lawmakers indicated they may look at new abortion restrictions. The “admitting privileges” provision, requiring doctors who perform abortions to have formal affiliation with a hospital within 30 miles (48 kms) of their clinic, had gone into effect. The facilities standards had been put on hold by courts. ",1
8958,Court decision shifts abortion battle to state bans,"(Reuters) - The battle over abortion was expected to shift to measures focusing on the fetus in the wake of the U.S. Supreme Court’s decision striking down a Texas law enacted in the name of maternal health. The 5-3 ruling held that Texas clinic regulations put an undue burden on women seeking abortion, a right established in the court’s landmark 1973 Roe v. Wade decision. The ruling could affect similar laws in more than a dozen states and stands as the biggest affirmation of abortion rights in more than two decades.  Opponents said they would regroup, turning their attention to defending and expanding laws that ban abortion after 20 weeks gestation or sooner. But this path could be difficult as well. The Supreme Court has not taken up any outright ban on abortion tied to fetal gestation in decades and has repeatedly rejected pleas by states to endorse such laws. “We believe that, even before today, these laws were very likely to be struck down because they are unconstitutional bans on abortion,” said Emily J. Martin, general counsel for the National Women’s Law Center. “Today’s decision only strengthens that conclusion.” Abortion opponents acknowledged the defeat but vowed to press on. “The pro-life movement takes two steps forward and, occasionally, a step backward,” said Carol Tobias, president of the National Right to Life Committee. More than a dozen states now have provisions banning abortions after 20 weeks, “and, and we are going to be pushing that,” Tobias said. Nebraska enacted the first 20-week ban in 2010. Since then, similar laws have been adopted in Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia, Indiana, Kansas, Louisiana, Nebraska, North Dakota, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Texas, West Virginia, and Wisconsin, according to the Guttmacher Institute, a nonprofit research organization that supports abortion rights. Mississippi’s law bans abortion after just 18 weeks. Abortion opponents said they also planned to step up efforts encouraging states to limit second term abortions through bans on the use of dilation and extraction method. Nine of 10 abortions in the United States are performed in the first trimester. But the dilation and extraction method is the most common procedure used for second trimester abortions. Kansas and Oklahoma adopted bans on the procedure last year, but those laws have been blocked by courts. West Virginia, Mississippi, Alabama and Louisiana passed laws this year; none has yet to draw challenge. The Supreme Court has turned away state efforts to revive bans struck down by lower courts. Earlier this year, it rejected Arkansas’ bid to revive a ban on abortions after 12 weeks of pregnancy.  The Supreme Court turned away North Dakota’s effort to revive a law that banned most abortions once a fetal heartbeat could be detected, as early as six weeks after conception. And, in 2014, it declined to hear Arizona’s appeal of a lower-court ruling invalidating a ban on the procedure at 20 weeks. Before Monday, the last time the court had taken up an abortion rights case was in the 2007 dispute over a federal ban on a procedure critics call “partial birth abortion.” The procedure, known medically as “intact dilation and extraction,” involves a physician removing most of the fetus intact rather than dismembering it. By a 5-4 vote, the court upheld the procedure. Writing the majority opinion, Justice Anthony Kennedy referred to moral issues and Congress’s findings that the procedure would not be necessary for the health of the mother. In Monday’s case, Kennedy joined the majority decision that the Texas law lacks the medical benefits to justify the burden it places on women’s access to abortion. ",1
8959,Jack Lew urges Senate to act on Puerto Rico debt,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew on Monday called on the Senate to take immediate action this week to address Puerto Rico’s $70 billion debt crisis before the critical July 1 deadline for the island territory’s next debt payments. “The Senate should take up the matter immediately,” Lew said in a letter to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. “Delay will only jeopardize the ability of Congress to conclude its work before July 1, a critical deadline Puerto Rico’s leadership has publicly highlighted for months.” If no action is taken, the crisis there will only ratchet higher, he said in the letter. Puerto Rico faces a deadline on Friday to pay off $2 billion of its debts. Senator James Inhofe of Oklahoma, chairman of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee, said later in a floor speech that the vote would take place on Wednesday. “I really do think that we can go ahead and support the bill,” he said.  A senior Republican aide could not confirm that a vote would take place on Wednesday.    The financially ailing island is staring down $70 billion worth of debt that it says it cannot repay in full, adding to its 45 percent poverty rate and rising emigration to the U.S. mainland that is also cutting into its economic growth. The Republican-led U.S. House of Representatives already passed legislation to address Puerto Rico’s debt before leaving Washington for the July 4 holiday break. The Senate is expected to recess at the end of this week. The House bill, a rare piece of bipartisan legislation,  would establish a federal oversight board to negotiate various debt restructurings while seeking to institute balanced budgets on the island, a U.S. territory with 3.5 million residents. Lew called on senators to also pass the House measure - the “Puerto Rico Oversight, Management and Economic Stability Act,” or PROMESA - this week to get it to President Barack Obama to sign into law before Friday’s payment deadline. The Senate, also controlled by Republicans, is expected to debate the measure this week, but Democrats have said they want changes - a move that could complicate its passage. A vote is expected this week. ",1
8960,Senate set to begin debate on Puerto Rico debt relief bill,"WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - After months of waiting for the U.S. Congress to act as Puerto Rico’s economic crisis progressively worsened, the Caribbean island is on the verge of securing a relief plan from Washington aimed at helping it address a hobbling $70 billion debt. The Senate is set to launch a debate on Wednesday for legislation establishing a federal oversight board that would be in charge of restructuring the U.S. territory’s debt where one out of every three dollars it earns in revenue is used to pay creditors, according to the U.S. Treasury. “We’re not going to let Puerto Rico go off the cliff here. It’s too important,” said Republican Senator Marco Rubio of Florida. The measure is identical to the plan passed by the House of Representatives earlier this month, as Congress tries to send it to President Barack Obama to sign into law by July 1. That is when Puerto Rico faces a potential default on a chunk of its debt if it cannot make a $1.9 billion payment.  As early as Wednesday, the Senate could cast a procedural vote on the bill that, if successful, would clear the measure for passage this week. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell also took steps to limit amendments that can be offered to the bill. Some Democrats have complained about the makeup and operation of the oversight board that would be appointed by Washington as well as provisions demanded by House Republicans that potentially could lower minimum wages for some younger workers. “Something needs to be done. We would really love some amendments on key issues like the composition of the board, the procedures for taking Puerto Rico into the bankruptcy court, and then especially, the labor provisions on overtime and minimum wage,” Democratic Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia told reporters. But any amendments would delay Congress’ work on the bill and make it impossible to get to Obama before July 1, as the House of Representatives would have to sign off and it is in recess until July 5, after the Independence Day holiday weekend. U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew reiterated his call for the Senate to pass the bill on Monday, saying if nothing is done by the Friday deadline, the debt crisis will only ratchet higher. Puerto Rico is reeling from a 45 percent poverty rate, a steady flow of outward migration to the U.S. mainland that further shrinks its tax base and the shuttering of essential services. If Congress does not pass the “Puerto Rico Oversight, Management and Economic Stability Act,” or PROMESA, before July 1, the island could default on all or part of the debt payment, including General Obligation bonds that are senior to all credits. “The Senate should take up the matter immediately,” Lew said in a letter to McConnell. “Delay will only jeopardize the ability of Congress to conclude its work before July 1, a critical deadline Puerto Rico’s leadership has publicly highlighted for months.” While Puerto Ricans want some sort of relief from the debt their government is saddled with, many of the 3.5 million residents, who are U.S. citizens, nonetheless worry that the proposed seven-member oversight board will trample on San Juan’s self-governing rights. “The bill is not perfect. I do not like the board. I do not like that it doesn’t add a mechanism to make our economy grow, but what is the alternative right now? That is why I call on the Senate to vote for this bill,” Puerto Rican Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla said during a panel discussion last week in Washington. Without PROMESA, an existing trickle of lawsuits could turn into a flood. In April when there was little sign of congressional action, Puerto Rico’s legislature passed a local debt moratorium law giving Garcia Padilla the authority to withhold debt payments. Investors on June 21 filed a lawsuit in U.S. federal court calling the Puerto Rico Emergency Moratorium and Rehabilitation Act illegal. “We are at the mercy of the judge,” Garcia Padilla said during the panel discussion. PROMESA, if signed into law, puts an immediate stay, or hold, on any future lawsuits and is retroactive to December 2015. The stay remains in effect until the debt has been restructured to a sustainable level with the goal being an orderly restructuring an sustainable amount of debt. ",1
8961,"U.S. senator, opposing FBI email data grabs, places hold on spy bill","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A Democratic senator on Monday prevented legislation from being quickly considered that would expand the FBI’s power to use secretive surveillance orders to obtain some Internet records, arguing it would lead to a “dramatic erosion” of U.S. privacy rights.   Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon placed a hold on the annual Intelligence Authorization Act, which grants congressional approval for clandestine operations carried out by the CIA and other U.S. intelligence agencies. A provision of the authorization bill would allow the Federal Bureau of Investigation to use national security letters, which do not require a warrant, to compel companies such as Alphabet Inc’s Google and Facebook to hand over certain Internet records. These would include email metadata, some browsing history and social media log-in information. Such an expansion would allow the FBI to retrieve sensitive data of U.S. citizens without court approval, Wyden said.  “Convenience alone does not justify such a dramatic erosion of Americans’ constitutional rights,” he said on the Senate floor. National security letters are the latest flashpoint in a years-long debate pitting U.S. surveillance operations against digital privacy interests. Wyden’s objection blocks the Senate from rapidly advancing the bill and now forces Republican Senate leader Mitch McConnell to go through normal order to hold a roll call vote, a process that can take days. Currently, national security letters, or NSLs, can only compel sharing of phone billing records, according to a 2008 legal memo written by the U.S. Justice Department. Still, the FBI has used the letters since then to request Internet records during national security investigations. Senate Republicans have attempted to advance the NSL expansion, which FBI Director James Comey has called his top legislative priority, several times in recent months. Last week the Senate came two votes short of advancing separate legislation that would have expanded national security letters. [uL1N19E0ZY] Though some Republicans invoked the mass shooting at a gay nightclub in Orlando earlier this month to promote that measure, Richard Burr, the Republican chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, said last week it was “one hundred percent correct” that it would not have prevented the massacre. Wyden also said he opposed another provision of the authorization bill that would limit the jurisdiction of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, a government advisory committee that reviews the legality and effectiveness U.S. surveillance programs. ",1
8962,Only one-in-four Canadians support NAFTA ahead of 'Three Amigos' meet,"TORONTO (Reuters) - Only one-in-four Canadians say the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) is good for their country, and more than one-third want it renegotiated, according to polling results released ahead of a North American leaders’ Summit on Wednesday. The survey from the Angus Reid Institute on Monday come as protectionist sentiment swells in the United States, where voters at both ends of the political spectrum question the economic benefits of NAFTA. The U.S. Congress is hesitating to ratify a new 12-nation trade pact, the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), which also includes Canada and Mexico. Trade has long been a focus at the so-called “Three Amigos” summits between NAFTA members, Canada, the United States and Mexico, held this year in Ottawa. The matter has also become a lightning rod issue in the election campaign to replace U.S. President Barack Obama, who wants Congress to ratify TPP before he leaves office on Jan. 20. Republican Donald Trump, his party’s presumptive nominee for 2016, has attacked the TPP and describes NAFTA as a disaster that needs to be renegotiated or shelved. Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton has also said she opposes the TPP. Angus Reid Institute’s poll showed also one-quarter of Canadians feel NAFTA hurts the country, while half were either unsure or feel the deal has had no impact either way.  The institute’s executive director, Shachi Kurl, said the survey contrasts with past polls on other trade deals, in which Canadians were more likely to support than oppose them.  “Is this simply a gap in policy makers’ adequately convincing Canadians that this has been a good deal?” she said. “Is NAFTA an exception in that Canadians see the specific trade deal as a bad deal? These are questions that we have to think on.” Kurl added the poll raises the question of whether Canadians are concerned about the effects of NAFTA in itself or whether their opinion is part of the global “grumpy view” on trade, citing U.S. anti-free-trade sentiments. Angus Reid said it conducted the online survey with a representative sample of 1,519 Canadian adults who are its members. The survey has a margin of error of 2.5 percentage points, 19 times out of 20. ",1
8963,"Adios, Three Amigos: Obama heads to last summit with Canada, Mexico","WASHINGTON/OTTAWA (Reuters) - President Barack Obama will meet with the leaders of Canada and Mexico on Wednesday for his final “Three Amigos” summit, a meeting that may signal how keen the North American partners are to tout trade at a time of rising protectionist sentiment. The Ottawa summit comes on the heels of Britain voting to leave the European Union after more than 40 years. It also falls ahead of a U.S. presidential election on Nov. 8 where presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump has made stagnant wages and U.S. manufacturing job losses focal points of his insurgent campaign. The so-called Brexit vote is bound to be an important theme for Obama’s meetings with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto and Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. Canada had negotiated a trade deal with the EU that is slated to take effect next year. The Brexit may delay its ratification and hurt Canada’s commodity-driven economy. The referendum results are also seen as a setback to talks on a U.S.-EU trade deal. Mexico, which already has a trade deal with the EU, has prepared a draft proposal for a pact with the United Kingdom. At the summit, leaders will also look at how best to foster trade with each other, said Mexico’s Finance Minister Luis Videgaray. “One of the important issues, without doubt, is how to give a fresh impulse and greater value to North American integration,” Videgaray said. All three are part of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the 12-nation trade deal that Obama had cast as an update of the North American Free Trade Agreement. He wants to finalize the TPP as part of his economic legacy in Asia. The TPP has become a target of both the left and the right in the U.S. election, and Congress has so far been unenthusiastic about ratifying the deal. The United States is the top export market for both Canada and Mexico. In 2015, U.S. trade with Canada and Mexico totaled $663 billion and $584 billion, respectively. But in Canada, only one in four people say the 22-year-old North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) is good for the country, a poll released on Monday showed. The long-running Canada-U.S. battle over softwood lumber seems more likely than not to resume as early as October. Given all the controversy over trade, the leaders may decide to try to focus their summit talking points on other topics. “I expect them to try and stay away from it,” said Carlo Dade, director of the Canada West Foundation’s Center for Trade and Investment Policy. Ahead of the summit, the White House revealed that the leaders would commit to a new regional goal of 50 percent of power coming from clean energy by 2025, up from about 37 percent in 2015. The three countries also plan to unveil a plan to fight heroin production. At a joint press conference, the leaders are likely to field questions about the upcoming U.S. election and its implications for both Canada and Mexico. It will also be Obama’s first chance on an international stage to promote his recent endorsement of presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, his former secretary of state. In March, Pena Nieto roundly condemned Trump, who has promised to build a wall on the U.S. border with Mexico to keep out illegal immigrants and drugs, and has complained about what he calls unfair trade. Mexico also named a new ambassador to aggressively promote its contributions to the U.S. economy. On Canada, Trump has so far been mostly silent.  “That doesn’t mean Canadians don’t feel the sting” of his protectionist ideas, said Chris Sands, director of the Center for Canadian Studies at Johns Hopkins University’s School of Advanced International Studies. Trudeau is likely to tread carefully so as to not endanger relations with a potential president. “It’s unlikely there will be any formal discussion of Trump, who of course is the elephant in the room. In some ways, it’s better if there isn’t,” said one official involved in the summit. “The message the leaders will be sending is eloquent enough - the three nations are closely integrated and cooperate well and that’s how the relationship should work,” the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. On trade, Pena Nieto and Trudeau are also cognizant that talk is cheap on the campaign trail. “I have to tell my Canadian friends this often - it doesn’t mean it will be the agenda once you get to the White House,” said David Wilkins, the U.S. ambassador to Canada from 2005-09 during the George W. Bush administration. Obama provides a good case in point.  In his 2008 presidential campaign, he demonized NAFTA, but once in office, he began working on the TPP, a deal he has said would fix his concerns about NAFTA. “There’s very much a ‘Keep calm and carry on’ approach and we’re going to ignore some of the domestic politicking and see what happens when it happens,” said a Canadian source familiar with the summit talks. ",1
8964,"In campaign trail debut with Clinton, Warren says Trump driven by greed","CINCINNATI (Reuters) - Liberal Elizabeth Warren attacked Republican Donald Trump on Monday during her first campaign appearance with U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, calling him an “insecure money grubber” who is driven by greed and hate.  Warren, a leader of the Democratic Party’s progressive wing and a potential vice presidential pick, said Clinton had spent her career fighting for liberal values while Trump, a wealthy real estate developer, was focused on boosting his bottom line. The U.S. senator from Massachusetts appeared with Clinton before a raucous, enthusiastic crowd in Cincinnati, Ohio, targeting a battleground state in a potential preview of a Clinton-Warren campaign team. She repeatedly accused Trump of looking out for himself instead of for average Americans. “When Donald Trump says he’ll make America great, he means make it even greater for rich guys just like Donald Trump,” Warren said, standing shoulder to shoulder with a cheering Clinton. Clinton has struggled to win over some liberal backers of rival Bernie Sanders, a democratic socialist U.S. senator from Vermont, since beating him for the Democratic nomination this month. She hopes the support of Warren can help her in that effort as she campaigns against Trump for the Nov. 8 election. Warren, who has vigorously attacked Trump in recent weeks, called him “a small, insecure money grubber who fights for no one but himself” and warned: “He will crush you into the dirt to get whatever he wants. That’s who he is.” The capacity crowd repeatedly roared its approval, and a line of supporters who could not get inside stretched out the door and down the street. At one point, Warren stopped her speech to turn and applaud Clinton, a former secretary of state. “She knows what it takes to beat a thin-skinned bully who is driven by greed and hate,” said Warren, known for calling for reining in Wall Street and eradicating income inequality. WARREN ‘A SELLOUT’ - TRUMP In a statement, Trump called Warren “a sellout” for backing Clinton, who has taken donations from Wall Street interests and once backed the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the Asian trade deal. Clinton has since reversed her trade stance. In an interview with NBC News, Trump called Warren “a fraud” and “a racist,” accusing her of making up claims about her Native American heritage to advance her career. He again called Warren “Pocahontas,” the name of a 17th-century Native American figure, to draw attention to a controversy first raised during Warren’s 2012 Senate race in Massachusetts. “She is one of the least productive senators in the United States Senate,” Trump told NBC. “We call her Pocahontas for a reason.” Two other potential Clinton vice presidential picks - U.S. senators Tim Kaine of Virginia and Sherrod Brown of Ohio - rejected Trump’s assertion and defended Warren’s record. “That’s what he does, he attacks people. He acts like he’s attacking their character - he’s attacking his own character when he does that,” Brown told Reuters. “You can’t believe anything Donald Trump says. Period,” Kaine told Reuters. Taking the microphone in Ohio, Clinton said she liked Warren’s aggressive approach to her Republican rival, who has sprayed rivals and critics with insults throughout his campaign. “I just love how she gets under Donald Trump’s skin,” Clinton said. Clinton’s decision to campaign with Warren for the first time in Cincinnati, a city on Ohio’s southwestern border with Kentucky and Indiana, underscored the swing state’s vital role in the November showdown with Trump. Ohio has backed every successful presidential nominee since 1964 and no Republican has won the White House without carrying the state.     Warren’s calls to rein in corporate excess could resonate with two groups Clinton must court in the election - Sanders supporters and those anxious about the economy who are drawn to Trump’s promise to toss out international trade deals. Ohio’s manufacturing base has taken a hit in recent economic slowdowns, and Trump has identified it as a state where his anti-free trade rhetoric could resonate with alienated blue-collar voters. Since becoming the presumptive Democratic nominee, Clinton has repeatedly tried to portray businessman Trump as fundamentally unfit for the presidency. Clinton said Warren’s long history of fighting for progressive economic values made her a perfect messenger for that critique. ",1
8965,"Advocates hail U.S. court abortion decision, predict national impact","NEW YORK (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Abortion rights advocates on Monday cheered a decision by the U.S. Supreme Court that struck down restrictions to abortion access in Texas, calling it a major victory for women and predicting similar laws are now endangered nationwide. The high court ruled 5-3 that a Texas law imposing strict regulations on abortion doctors and facilities put an undue burden on women exercising their right to abortion, which has been legal in the United States since 1973. Laws such as the Texas regulations are seen by critics as a backdoor way of restricting abortion access. Hardest hit are rural, poor women for whom distance and cost put abortions out of reach, they say. The Texas law required abortion doctors to have admitting privileges, a formal affiliation that can be hard to obtain, at a hospital within 30 miles (50 km), and required clinics to have costly, hospital-grade facilities such as specified corridor width, floor tiles, parking spaces and elevator size. “With today’s Supreme Court ruling, I let out a big exhale,” said Tracy Droz Tragos, director of “Abortion: Stories Women Tell,” to be released in August by HBO Documentary Films. “At least for a moment, I am optimistic about the future of women in America.” Women have had their constitutional rights vindicated, said Nancy Northup, president of the Center for Reproductive Rights which represented the Texas clinics, in a statement. “The Supreme Court sent a loud and clear message that politicians cannot use deceptive means to shut down abortion clinics,” she said. Texas claimed its law protected women’s health, but critics said the regulations were medically unnecessary and intended to shut down clinics. Writing the Supreme Court decision, Justice Stephen Breyer wrote: “We conclude that neither of these provisions offers medical benefits sufficient to justify the burdens upon access that each imposes.” “Each places a substantial obstacle in the path of women,” he wrote. Decrying the decision, anti-abortion groups such as the Susan B. Anthony List said Texas women will be unprotected from dangerous and unsanitary conditions. “The abortion industry cannot be trusted to regulate itself and they know it,” said Marjorie Dannenfelser, president of the List, which supports anti-abortion political candidates. Making a similar argument, Kristan Hawkins, president of Students for Life of America, in a statement said abortion providers “prey on the vulnerabilities of women who are in desperate situations, placing their bottom line over the health and safety of the patients.” “And the U.S. Supreme Court, in efforts to put the so-called ‘right to abortion’ above everything else, just let them get away with it,” she said. Since the restrictive law was passed in 2013, the number of abortion clinics in Texas, a state of 27 million people, dropped to 19 from 41. “Today is a great day for women,” said Ilyse Hogue, president of NARAL Pro-Choice America, in a statement. “The Supreme Court has powerfully reaffirmed a woman’s constitutional right to make her own decisions about her health, family, and future, no matter her zip code,” she said. Similar laws are likely to be struck down, experts said, in states with restrictions such as requiring women to make repeated visits or requiring ultrasounds for women seeking abortions and that the images be shown to them. “We’ve known for a long time that the purpose of these laws is to prevent women from having abortions,” said reproductive rights attorney Kathryn Kolbert, who argued a major abortion case before the high court in 1992. “It may not be the death blow, but it certainly makes it more difficult to put forward these types of laws with a straight face,” she said. Documentary filmmaker Dawn Porter, who made a film about abortion providers in Texas and elsewhere in “Trapped” that was released this year, said she was “elated.” “If there’s any silver lining in Texas making such an egregiously unconstitutional law, it’s that I think people have woken up and people are thinking you can’t taking any rights for granted,” she said. “You cannot sleep on your rights.” ",1
8966,Factbox: Major U.S. Supreme Court abortion rights cases,"(Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court’s key rulings on abortion, dating to the landmark 1973 decision that legalized the procedure nationwide, have long provoked social, religious and political tensions. As the court majority became more conservative over the decades, it set standards that enhance states’ ability to regulate abortion. Yet even in the most recent rulings, extending to 2007, there have never been five votes on the nine-member court to reverse the fundamental right to abortion. Here is a look at the court’s major abortion rulings. Roe v. Wade, 1973, 7-2 vote The court rules that a woman’s constitutional right to privacy protects her decision to end a pregnancy, and only a compelling state interest can justify regulating abortion. The decision institutes a three-part legal test, connected to a nine-month pregnancy and a fetus’ viability, that gives states more latitude for regulation with each trimester. Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Casey, 1992, 5-4 vote The court affirms the right to abortion. Rather than the trimester framework, the test is whether a government regulation imposes an “undue burden” on a woman seeking an abortion by creating a “substantial obstacle” to the procedure before the fetus develops to the point at which it becomes viable. Stenberg v. Carhart, 2000, 5-4 vote The court decides that a Nebraska ban on a late-term procedure critics call “partial birth abortion” violates a woman’s right to abortion. The procedure, known medically as “intact dilation and extraction,” involves a physician removing most of the fetus intact rather than dismembering it. The justices fault the Nebraska ban, similar to laws in a majority of the states at the time, for its ambiguity about precisely what type of medical procedure is prohibited and for lacking an exception for the health of the mother. Gonzales v. Carhart, 2007, 5-4 vote The court decides that a federal Partial Birth Abortion Act, involving the same type of procedure as in the Nebraska dispute and without an exception for the woman’s health, is constitutional. The majority distinguishes the ruling from the 2000 case by noting that Congress developed findings that the procedure would never be necessary for the health of the mother. Another factor in the reversed course was that in 2000, Justice Sandra Day O’Connor had voted to strike down the partial-birth ban. She was succeeded by Samuel Alito in 2006, and in 2007 he cast the fifth vote in favor of the ban. Whole Woman’s Health v. Hellerstedt, 2016, 5-3 vote The court strikes down a Texas abortion law imposing strict regulations on doctors and facilities, finding that the 2013 statute put an undue burden on women exercising their right under the U.S. Constitution to end a pregnancy. The court declares that both provisions of the law - requiring physicians who perform abortions to have difficult-to-obtain “admitting privileges” at a local hospital and requiring clinics to install costly hospital-grade facilities - violate abortion rights. The ruling marked the firmest endorsement of U.S. abortion rights since the 1992 Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Casey ruling. ",1
8967,Timeline: Milestones in legal fight over Texas abortion law,"(Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday handed a victory to abortion rights advocates, striking down a Texas law imposing strict regulations on abortion doctors and facilities. Following is a timeline of that challenge. July 2013 - The Republican-led Texas legislature passes and Republican Governor Rick Perry signs the law known as H.B. 2, putting new requirements on abortion providers. State officials say the law is intended to ensure the health and safety of women. September 2013 – Before the law is enforced, Planned Parenthood and other abortion providers challenge the measure. They assert that certain provisions, including one related to doctors’ “admitting privileges” - a type of formal affiliation - at a hospital within 30 miles (48 km) of an abortion clinic, are aimed at decreasing the abortion availability in the state. October 2013 – A U.S. district judge sides largely with the challengers, blocking the admitting privileges provision. March 2014 - The New Orleans-based U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit, a regional federal appeals court covering Texas, Louisiana and Mississippi, reverses the lower court and permits much of the law to take effect.  April 2014 - Whole Woman’s Health and other abortion providers bring a new complaint against Texas, citing the effect of the law’s implementation and the number of clinics that have closed. The challengers focus on the admitting-privileges requirement and regulations governing clinic facility standards. August 2014 – A U.S. district court judge declares the admitting privileges and clinic requirements an unconstitutional burden on women’s access to abortion. October 2014 - The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit intervenes to allow implementation of both new regulations, but the U.S. Supreme Court blocks part of the order so that the mandate that clinics meet hospital-grade standards does not go into effect. June 2015 - After considering the full merits of the challenge, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit reverses the district judge’s decision, finding the judge should have deferred to the legislature’s stated health and safety goals. The appeals court also says most of the lawsuit should have been barred because the legal issues it raises already were addressed in the case filed by Planned Parenthood. June 2015 - The U.S. Supreme Court by a 5-4 vote puts a temporary hold on the 5th Circuit’s ruling while the justices consider whether to hear the challengers’ appeal. That action blocks the provision regarding hospital-grade standards from taking effect. September 2015 - The abortion providers challenging the Texas restrictions ask the U.S. Supreme Court to hear their appeal of the 5th Circuit’s ruling. November 2015 - The U.S. Supreme Court agrees to hear the challenge by abortion providers to the Texas restrictions. February 2016 - Conservative U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, a supporter of abortion restrictions, dies at age 79, leaving the court shorthanded and evenly divided with four liberals and four conservatives. March 2016 - The U.S. Supreme Court hears 85 minutes of oral arguments in the case, known as Whole Woman’s Health v. Hellerstedt. The court’s four liberal justices indicate they believe the law intrudes on a woman’s constitutional right to abortion. The four conservative justices express doubts about claims by abortion providers that the law forced numerous clinics to shut down. June 2016 - The U.S. Supreme Court strikes down the Texas law, finding that it places an undue burden on women exercising their right under the U.S. Constitution to end a pregnancy. The court declares that both provisions of the law - “admitting privileges” and hospital-grade facilities - are unconstitutional. The ruling marks the firmest endorsement of U.S. abortion rights since the 1992 Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Casey ruling. ",1
8968,Obama lauds Supreme Court ruling on Texas abortion law,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama said on Monday that he was pleased with a U.S. Supreme Court ruling that struck down a Texas abortion law. “As the brief filed by the Solicitor General makes clear and as the court affirmed today, these restrictions harm women’s health and place an unconstitutional obstacle in the path of a woman’s reproductive freedom,” Obama said in a statement. ",1
8969,Hillary Clinton: Supreme Court abortion ruling 'a victory for women',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton on Monday praised the Supreme Court ruling striking down Texas abortion restrictions as “a victory for women in Texas and across America.” “This fight isn’t over: The next president has to protect women’s health. Women won’t be ‘punished’ for exercising their basic rights,” she said in a tweet, a dig at Republican candidate Donald Trump, who once suggested women who get illegal abortions should face “some sort of punishment.” ",1
8970,Graphic: Supreme Court roundup, ,1
8971,Milestones in legal fight over Texas abortion law,"(Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court is set to rule on Monday on a legal challenge by abortion providers to a Texas law requiring doctors performing the procedure to have “admitting privileges” at local hospitals and clinics to meet hospital-grade standards.  Following is a timeline of that challenge. July 2013 - The Republican-led Texas legislature passes and Republican Governor Rick Perry signs the law known as H.B. 2, putting new requirements on abortion providers. State officials say the law is intended to ensure the health and safety of women. September 2013 – Before the law is enforced, Planned Parenthood and other abortion providers challenge the measure. They assert that certain provisions, including one related to doctors’ “admitting privileges” - a type of formal affiliation - at a hospital within 30 miles (48 km) of an abortion clinic, are aimed at decreasing the abortion availability in the state. October 2013 – A U.S. district judge sides largely with the challengers, blocking the admitting privileges provision. March 2014 - The New Orleans-based U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit, a regional federal appeals court covering Texas, Louisiana and Mississippi, reverses the lower court and permits much of the law to take effect.  April 2014 - Whole Woman’s Health and other abortion providers bring a new complaint against Texas, citing the effect of the law’s implementation and the number of clinics that have closed. The challengers focus on the admitting-privileges requirement and regulations governing clinic facility standards. August 2014 – A U.S. district court judge declares the admitting privileges and clinic requirements an unconstitutional burden on women’s access to abortion. October 2014 - The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit intervenes to allow implementation of both new regulations, but the U.S. Supreme Court blocks part of the order so that the mandate that clinics meet hospital-grade standards does not go into effect. June 2015 - After considering the full merits of the challenge, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit reverses the district judge’s decision, finding the judge should have deferred to the legislature’s stated health and safety goals. The appeals court also says most of the lawsuit should have been barred because the legal issues it raises already were addressed in the case filed by Planned Parenthood. June 2015 - The U.S. Supreme Court by a 5-4 vote puts a temporary hold on the 5th Circuit’s ruling while the justices consider whether to hear the challengers’ appeal. That action blocks the provision regarding hospital-grade standards from taking effect. September 2015 - The abortion providers challenging the Texas restrictions ask the U.S. Supreme Court to hear their appeal of the 5th Circuit’s ruling. November 2015 - The U.S. Supreme Court agrees to hear the challenge by abortion providers to the Texas restrictions. February 2016 - Conservative U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, a supporter of abortion restrictions, dies at age 79, leaving the court shorthanded and evenly divided with four liberals and four conservatives. March 2016 - The U.S. Supreme Court hears 85 minutes of oral arguments in the case, known as Whole Woman’s Health v. Hellerstedt. The court’s four liberal justices indicate they believe the law intrudes on a woman’s constitutional right to abortion. The four conservative justices express doubts about claims by abortion providers that the law forced numerous clinics to shut down. June 2016 - The U.S. Supreme Court is due to rule on Monday in Whole Woman’s Health v. Hellerstedt. ",1
8972,Clinton campaign hits Trump for seeing Brexit as boon to his business,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign accused Donald Trump on Sunday of caring more about how Britain’s historic vote to leave the European Union would benefit his financial bottom line than how it would impact the U.S. economy. Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook acknowledged parallels between the populist anger and anti-establishment fervor that fueled the Brexit vote and Trump’s rise to the nomination, but said the Republican candidate’s reaction showed he was not fit to occupy the White House. “Hillary Clinton looks at this through the lens of how it’s going to affect middle-class families, Donald Trump through the lens of how it will help his bottom line,” Mook said on “Fox News Sunday.”  Without mentioning Trump by name, Clinton also warned that “bombastic comments in turbulent times can actually cause more turbulence” in a speech to a conference of city mayors in Indianapolis on Sunday afternoon. Her campaign released a national television advertisement earlier in the day, which featured the wealthy real estate developer’s comments on Friday that the fall of the British currency after the Brexit vote could mean more business for his golf course in Turnberry, Scotland, where he was speaking.  “Every president is tested by world events, but Donald Trump thinks about how his golf resort can profit from them,” said the  30-second video. Besides his currency comments, Trump had praised the Brexit result as an example of people “taking their country back.” He responded to the advertisement on Sunday by saying Clinton, whose staff had said she supported the United Kingdom remaining in the union, had poor judgment. “Clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgment call on BREXIT with big dollar ads,” ran a message on his Twitter account. “Disgraceful!” Paul Manafort, campaign manager for Trump, rejected what he called a “phony” charge by Clinton and said Trump was more in sync with the global economic frustration exemplified by the Brexit vote. In contrast, the Clinton ad showed her campaign’s “tone deafness” by focusing on things the American people did not care about, he said in an NBC interview. In her speech on Sunday, Clinton said the United States and the United Kingdom were different “economically, politically, demographically,” but still drew some parallels between the mood of American and British voters. “Just as we have seen, there are many frustrated people in Britain, we know there are frustrated people here at home, too,” she said. “I have seen it, I’ve heard it, I know it.” Global stock markets nosedived on Friday and economic experts warned of a potential global recession after the shocking British vote to pull out of the European Union. Markets prepared for the possibility of more pain on Monday. Republican Senator Bob Corker, chairman of the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said the Brexit vote highlighted global anxieties about economic stagnation and immigration. “The genius of what’s happened with the candidacy of Donald Trump is he’s given voice to that, just as was given in the UK,” Corker, who has been mentioned as a possible vice presidential pick for Trump, said on CNN’s “State of the Union” program. He said he thought Trump’s appearance at his golf course in Scotland after the Brexit vote “was one of his best events” and  his comments about the British currency and what it would mean for his businesses were just “an anecdotal statement” about its effects. “He was giving an example, which is obvious, that when the currency fluctuates, as it does, more Americans are going to be able to travel to the UK more cheaply,” he said. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Kentucky Republican, said the Brexit vote showed people were tired of being dictated to by “unelected bureaucrats in Brussels,” and said there were parallels in the United States. Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, who built his White House campaign against Clinton around populist proposals to eradicate income inequality, remove big money from politics and rein in Wall Street, said the Brexit vote encapsulated many of those concerns. “What ordinary people are saying is ‘hey, give us an economy that works for all of us, not just the people on top,’” Sanders said on CNN. ",1
8973,Trump plays down post-Brexit market turmoil on Aberdeen visit,"ABERDEEN, Scotland (Reuters) - U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump played down market turmoil in the wake of Britain’s decision to leave the European Union on a visit to his Trump International golf course in Aberdeen on Saturday. Wearing an open-necked shirt, a suit and a white baseball cap with his slogan “Make America great again”, Trump was asked if he was worried about the volatility in financial markets following Britain’s vote to leave the EU on Thursday.  “There’s always turmoil no matter where you go, no matter what you do,” he said. Global stock markets lost about $2 trillion in value on Friday after the vote, while sterling fell to a 31-year low. Trump, whose mother was Scottish, was greeted by around a dozen protesters at the course waving Mexican flags, rainbow flags for Gay Pride day and signs that read “Donald stop the hating” and “Shame on you for ruining a beautiful landscape.” Trump last year proposed a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States as a response to Islamist attacks in Paris and California, causing a furor in Europe. In an article in a Scottish newspaper earlier this year, Trump pointed to his determination to overcome local opposition to his golf course projects as an example of the leadership skills that Americans would get if he were to become president. He also met with News Corporation media mogul Rupert Murdoch and his wife Jerry Hall, giving them a tour of the course in a golf cart. ",1
8974,TransCanada formally seeks NAFTA damages in Keystone XL rejection,"TORONTO (Reuters) - TransCanada Corp is formally requesting arbitration over U.S. President Barack Obama’s rejection of the Keystone XL pipeline, seeking $15 billion in damages, the company said in legal papers dated Friday.  TransCanada submitted a notice for an arbitration claim in January and had then tried to negotiate with the U.S. government to “reach an amicable settlement,” the company said in files posted on the pipeline’s website. “Unfortunately, the parties were unable to settle the dispute.” TransCanada said it then filed its formal arbitration request under North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) provisions, seeking to recover what it says are costs and damages. The Keystone XL was designed to link existing pipeline networks in Canada and the United States to bring crude from Alberta and North Dakota to refineries in Illinois and, eventually, the Gulf of Mexico coast.      Obama rejected the cross-border crude oil pipeline last November, seven years after it was first proposed, saying it would not make a meaningful long-term contribution to the U.S. economy. TransCanada is suing the United States in federal court in a separate legal action, seeking to reverse the pipeline’s rejection. NAFTA, whose arbitration provisions allow companies to challenge governments before international panels, has been a target of recent anti-free-trade sentiments in the United States. The heads of NAFTA members, Canada, the United States and Mexico, are expected to meet in Ottawa for a North American leaders’ Summit on June 29. Canada was supposed to host the meeting early last year but canceled it amid tension between then Prime Minister Stephen Harper and Obama over the Keystone XL pipeline. TransCanada and the U.S. Department of Energy did not immediately respond to requests for comment.  ",1
8975,Obama tries to limit fallout from British EU exit vote,"PALO ALTO, Calif. (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama on Friday tried to limit the fallout from Britain’s vote to leave the European Union, which threatens to harm the U.S. economic recovery, derail his trade agenda and  distract U.S. allies from global security issues.    Obama, who had argued passionately against Britain leaving the EU in a trip to the country this year, vowed that Washington would still maintain both its “special relationship” with London and close ties to Brussels.           “While the UK’s relationship with the EU will change, one thing that will not change is the special relationship that exists between our two nations. That will endure,” he told an event at Stanford University, referring to close ally Britain. “The EU will remain one of our indispensable partners,” Obama said. He spoke to outgoing British Prime Minister David Cameron and German Chancellor Angela Merkel after the stunning result of Thursday’s referendum, the biggest blow to the European project of greater unity since World War Two. Obama said he was sure Britain’s exit would be orderly and vowed that the United States and Britain would “stay focused on ensuring economic growth and financial stability.”  The Brexit result rattled Wall Street and many other financial markets, with global stock markets losing about $2 trillion in value on Friday.     “I must say we had looked for a different outcome. We would have preferred a different outcome,” U.S. Vice President Joe Biden, traveling in Ireland, said on Friday. The historic divorce launched by the Brexit vote could sink hopes of a massive U.S.-EU free trade deal before Obama leaves the White House in January.               Negotiations on the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership, or TTIP, were already stalled by deeply entrenched differences and growing anti-trade sentiment on both continents.     As well as the global economic consequences, Brexit makes it more difficult for Obama and the United States to corral its Western allies into joint action against challenges such as Islamic State, Russia and the rise of China. Britain’s exit could present the next U.S. president with a decision on whether to turn to other key European partners like Germany and France, essentially downgrading the United States’ special bond with Britain, whose foundation was laid in World War Two. Senator Ben Cardin of Maryland, the top Democrat on the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations, called on Washington’s partners in Europe to keep their eye on foreign policy threats. “We must maintain our trans-Atlantic consensus on how to deal with a resurgent Russia and the growing threat of ISIS,” he said. “I urge leaders in London, Brussels and across Europe to not lose sight of these threats and remain coordinated in our response.”  The U.S. presidential election candidates are casting an eye across the Atlantic at the unlikely success of Britain’s “Leave” campaign, which has similarities with Republican Donald Trump’s insurgent bid for the Nov. 8 election. Trump’s rise was sustained by a similar brew of anti-establishment and anti-globalization sentiment and concern about immigration that helped the Leave vote.  “This is a protest vote against globalization and there is one presidential candidate who won the nomination who has put globalization in his crosshairs - and that’s Donald Trump,” Republican strategist John Feehery said.                  Biden, in remarks prepared for a speech at Dublin Castle, took a swipe at Trump without mentioning him by name. He warned against “politicians and demagogues peddling xenophobia, nationalism, and isolationism.”         Brexit supporter Trump called the result a “great thing.”     “People want to take their country back. They want to have independence in a sense. You see it with Europe, all over Europe,” Trump, 70, said in Turnberry, Scotland where he reopened a golf course.  Republican Senator Jeff Sessions said Britain’s electoral shock showed that national leaders will be punished if they do not “first ensure they have protected the safety and legitimate interests of their own people.” “Brexit is a warning for America,” said Sessions, a Trump supporter who criticized “radical trade policies that erode the power of the people to control their lives.”            Obama had warned British voters against Brexit, in an unusually strong intervention into British politics in April. The White House said on Friday that he stands by a comment made then that Britain would move to the back of the queue when it comes to trade deals with the United States if it left the EU.        Obama hopes his former secretary of state Hillary Clinton will win the November election and safeguard his legacy but economic volatility in the United States after Brexit could hurt her chances of beating Trump. In response to Britain’s decision to leave, Clinton said the United States must first safeguard against any economic fallout at home at “this time of uncertainty” and underscore its commitment to both Britain and Europe.      The U.S. Federal Reserve sought to calm global financial markets by saying it was ready to provide dollar liquidity following the British vote. U.S. financial regulators said the country’s financial system is functioning in an “orderly manner.”  The Financial Stability Oversight Council - which includes the heads of the U.S. Treasury, Securities and Exchange Commission and Federal Reserve - “noted that the U.S. financial system continues to function in an orderly manner, and that the Council will continue to monitor ongoing developments,” according to a summary released after a phone call among members. After Brexit, the U.S. central bank’s ambitions for two rate rises this year now look unlikely. Traders of U.S.-interest rate futures even began to price in a small chance of a Fed rate cut, and now see little chance of any hike until the end of next year. “One can forget about rate hikes in the near term,” said Thomas Costerg, New York-based economist at Standard Chartered Bank. “What I’m worried about is that the Brexit vote could be the straw that breaks the back of the U.S. growth picture.”  ",1
8976,Clinton regains double-digit lead over Trump: Reuters/Ipsos poll,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Democratic presidential contender Hillary Clinton regained a double-digit lead over Republican rival Donald Trump this week, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Friday. The June 20-24 poll showed that 46.6 percent of likely American voters supported Clinton while 33.3 percent supported Trump. Another 20.1 percent said they would support neither candidate. Trump had enjoyed a brief boost in support following the June 12 mass shooting in Orlando, Florida, as he doubled down on his pledge to ban Muslims from entering the country, cutting Clinton’s lead to nine points.  But Trump’s rise in popularity appeared to be only temporary, unlike his lasting surge among the Republican field last year after the attacks in Paris and in San Bernardino, California. Clinton’s 13.3 percentage point lead is about the same as she had before the Orlando attack.  Trump’s slip this week came as he struggled to show that he can keep up with a Clinton campaign apparatus that has dwarfed his in size and funding.  Campaign finance disclosures released earlier this week showed Trump started June with a war chest of just $1.3 million, a fraction of Clinton’s $42 million. Trump sought to ease concerns among his allies by saying that he could tap his “unlimited” personal wealth if needed, and also by bolstering efforts to raise money through fundraising events and online donations. Meanwhile, Republican leaders including House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan and Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker continued to express reservations about their new standard bearer, who has angered some in the party with his fiery rhetoric.  Ryan and Walker both said over the past week that they felt Republicans should follow their “conscience” when deciding to support the party’s likely nominee, instead of urging party members to support him. The poll only captured some of the voter reaction to Britain’s decision in Thursday’s referendum to exit the European Union, a move that some pundits say suggests Trump’s insurgent candidacy has tapped into a broad and powerful anti-globalization wave sweeping Western countries. The Reuters/Ipsos poll was conducted online and included interviews with 1,201 likely voters in all 50 states. It has a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of 3.3 percentage points. ",1
8977,Brexit crisis tops off rough stretch in Obama's push for legacy,"SEATTLE (Reuters) - The financial and political fallout from Britain’s vote to leave the European Union has added to a string of setbacks for President Barack Obama as he works to burnish his legacy before his presidency ends in January 2017. The Brexit decision came after a deadlock in the U.S. Supreme Court on Thursday effectively ended Obama’s push to overhaul immigration rules, and the week after the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history. For Obama, the reversals heighten pressure on him and fellow Democrats to work harder for the Nov. 8 elections - particularly for the party’s presumptive presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton, who represents his best shot at making sure more of his policies are not rolled back. Speaking at two fundraising events in Seattle on Friday night, at the end of an arduous day that saw global markets plunge after the Brexit vote, Obama acknowledged the shifting political winds four months from the vote. “If you didn’t think the stakes were high before, you should think the stakes are pretty high right now,” Obama said at an intimate fundraising dinner at the home of tech executive Steve Singh. Guests, arranged in two long tables, paid $10,000 to $66,800 per couple. Obama has argued technology and globalization can increase opportunities for all, but conceded that recent events show many people are frightened by global competition and feel left behind. Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee and political novice, has tapped into those concerns about the economy, trade and immigration - fears that also figured into the UK campaign to leave the EU. “Unfortunately, when people are anxious and scared, there are going to be politicians out there who try to prey on that frustration to get themselves headlines and to get themselves votes,” Obama told about 3,000 people who paid $250 and up to attend a campaign-style event on Friday for Washington State’s Democratic Governor Jay Inslee. Clinton regained a double-digit lead over Trump this week, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Friday that showed 46.6 percent of likely American voters supported Clinton while 33.3 percent backed Trump. In April, Obama had taken the unusual step of traveling to London to help the “Remain” camp of the referendum for his friend and ally, Prime Minister David Cameron, who will now leave office before Obama does. The financial uncertainty from Brexit threatens to weigh on the strong U.S. economy and undo some of the recovery seen since Obama took office in early 2009 at the height of the financial crisis. Earlier this week, Obama’s plan to remove the specter of deportation for millions of undocumented immigrants was quashed when the Supreme Court deadlocked over lifting a hold on the action. And two weeks ago, the nation’s worst mass shooting in modern history, at a gay nightclub in Orlando, raised questions about how Obama is dealing with home-grown extremism - and served as a reminder of his failure to convince the U.S. Congress to tighten gun laws. The setbacks show the limits of action that any president can take unilaterally, said Justin Vaughn, a political scientist at Boise State University. “I don’t think Obama’s legacy has taken a hit so much as it came back to earth,” Vaughn said. Still, the impression that his administration is unable to control its own political destiny could weigh on how history views Obama’s time at the White House, said Brandon Rottinghaus, a political scientist at University of Houston.     “Presidents are often judged by what happens in the ninth inning, so President Obama’s last few months in office are important to cementing and enhancing his legacy,” Rottinghaus said. ",1
8978,"British EU exit a model for Trump's campaign, he says","TURNBERRY, Scotland (Reuters) - U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump thrust himself into the heart of Britain’s vote to leave the European Union on Friday, calling it a “great” development and drawing parallels to his own insurgent campaign. In Scotland to reopen a golf resort he owns, the wealthy New York businessman wasted no time interpreting the outcome of the “Brexit” vote as an example of a global uprising against the established order. It’s an argument he said fit in with his own campaign to shake up Washington by renegotiating free trade deals and stopping illegal immigration. “People want to take their country back. They want to have independence in a sense. You see it with Europe, all over Europe,” Trump, 70, the presumptive Republican nominee, told a news conference at the Trump Turnberry golf course.  He said the economic shock from the vote would ebb over time and that more European countries might want to break with the 28-nation European Union. Americans, he said, would have a chance “to re-declare their independence” and “reject today’s rule by the global elite” when they vote on Nov. 8. “So I think you’re going to have this happen more and more. I really believe that, and I think that it’s happening in the United States. It’s happening by the fact that I’ve done so well in the polls,” he said. Trump’s rival, Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton, said in a statement: “This time of uncertainty only underscores the need for calm, steady, experienced leadership in the White House to protect Americans’ pocketbooks and livelihoods, to support our friends and allies, to stand up to our adversaries, and to defend our interests.   “It also underscores the need for us to pull together to solve our challenges as a country, not tear each other down,” said Clinton, 68, a former U.S. secretary of state, who had openly favored Britain’s remaining in the EU.     More than half a million Britons signed a petition earlier this year to bar Trump from entering Britain, where he has business interests, in response to his call to temporarily ban Muslims from entering the United States. British lawmakers decided against a ban as a violation of free speech. Trump assailed as inappropriate Democratic President Barack Obama’s open appeals to Britain not to split off. Shaking off a tradition of not commenting on U.S. politics from foreign soil, Trump said Obama had been embarrassed. “It’s something he shouldn’t have done. It’s not his country. It’s not his part of the world. He shouldn’t have done it. And I actually think that his recommendation perhaps caused it to fail,” Trump said. Democrats and Republicans both took stock of a decision that seemed to indicate Trump’s campaign had tapped into a global wave that might be hard to contain. Joined by his sons Don Jr. and Eric and daughter Ivanka, who help manage his business affairs, Trump arrived in his signature helicopter near his clubhouse resort, a Scottish flag blowing in the wind. The candidate praised his children’s business acumen, his Scottish-born mother and the golf course itself, dismissing complaints from Republicans that he should have stuck to the campaign trail at home. As it happened, by turning up when he did, Trump drew global televised attention to his views on the Brexit vote within hours of Britons waking up to the surprising result. “I said this was going to happen and I think that it’s a great thing,” said Trump, who weeks ago said he would be inclined to leave the EU. Trump had exchanged insults with British Prime Minister David Cameron, who supported staying in the EU and said on Friday after the vote he would resign by October. Cameron had called Trump’s anti-immigrant policy ideas divisive and wrong. “I think David Cameron is a good man. He was wrong on this.  He didn’t get the mood of his country right. He was surprised,” Trump said, predicting that Britain and the United States would remain “great allies.” Wearing a white hat emblazoned with his “Make America Great Again” campaign slogan, Trump walked up to the news conference with bagpipers heralding his arrival. His visit to Turnberry, to be followed by a stop at his resort in Aberdeen on Saturday, coincided with a vote that exposed deep divisions in Britain and dealt the biggest blow to the European project of greater unity since World War Two. Some Scots who are Turnberry members and who sat in the front row at Trump’s news conference muttered “no” whenever the subject of Scotland leaving the EU came up. Scotland voted by a margin of 62 percent to 38 percent to remain in the EU, a result sharply at odds with Britain as a whole, which voted 52 percent to 48 percent to leave. Trump, who has yet to hold public office and rates unfavorably with 70 percent of Americans in an opinion poll, defeated a crowded field of opponents for the Republican nomination while weathering one controversy after another. The latest was over the firing of his campaign manager this week, a month before the party convention. Trump invested $290 million in renovating the resort and golf course on Scotland’s west coast, 85 km (53 miles) southwest of Glasgow. ",1
8979,Sanders will vote for Clinton to stop Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders said on Friday he would vote for Hillary Clinton to stop Republican Donald Trump from winning the White House, a lukewarm show of support that his campaign said was not a formal endorsement. Sanders’ comments come after weeks of pressure from Democratic Party officials to throw his weight behind Clinton, the presumptive nominee. She locked up the required number of delegates this month with a string of wins in state-by-state primary contests. Clinton, the former U.S. secretary of state, senator, and first lady, needs Sanders’ supporters to boost her chances against Trump in the Nov. 8 election. Only 40 percent of them say they would vote for her, with the rest undecided or divided between Trump, a third-party candidate and staying home, according to Reuters/Ipsos polling.  Asked if he would vote for Clinton in November, Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, told MSNBC television: “Yes. The issue right here is I’m going to do everything I can to defeat Donald Trump. I think Trump in so many ways would be a disaster for this country if he were elected president.” “We do not need a president whose cornerstone of his campaign is bigotry, who is insulting Mexicans and Latinos and Muslims and women, who does not believe in the reality of climate change,” he continued. A spokeswoman for Sanders said his comments on MSNBC did not amount to an endorsement of Clinton, adding that “Senator Sanders is also still an active candidate.” Trump has angered minority groups with his hard line on immigration, including calls to temporarily ban Muslims from entering the country, deport millions of undocumented immigrants, and build a wall along the U.S.-Mexican border if he is elected.  A spokeswoman for Trump’s campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The wealthy New York businessman has rejected accusations his proposals are bigoted, and has said his policies would help minorities by bolstering the economy and creating jobs. Trump has also called climate change a hoax by the Chinese to hurt business in the United States.       Sanders, a self-described democratic socialist, managed to turn his long-shot run into a mass movement with proposals to combat wealth inequality, increase access to healthcare and education, and defend the environment. His challenge to Clinton, one of the best-known figures in U.S. politics, lasted far longer than expected, running for four months and across 50 states and yielding record numbers of small donations to his campaign. Sanders has said he will continue to push for a liberal agenda heading into the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia from July 25-28, when Clinton’s nomination is expected to become official. He has also made clear he does not want his presence to hurt the party’s chances of holding onto the White House.  Three-quarters of likely Democratic voters in the general election say Sanders should have a “major role” in shaping the party’s positions, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll conducted June 17-21. Nearly two-thirds also said that Sanders should endorse Clinton.  ",1
8980,Obama says U.S. special relationship with Britain will endure,"PALO ALTO, Calif. (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama said on Friday that he had spoken with British Prime Minister David Cameron about Britain’s decision to leave the European Union and that he was confident the United Kingdom was committed to an orderly transition. “While the UK’s relationship with the EU will change, one thing that will not change is special relationship that exists between our two nations,” Obama said in a speech at a global entrepreneurs conference at Stanford University. “That will endure. The EU will remain one of our indispensable partners.” ",1
8981,"Republican ex-Treasury chief Paulson slams Trump, to vote for Clinton","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Henry Paulson, a Republican who was U.S. Treasury secretary during the 2008 financial meltdown, on Friday called a Donald Trump presidency “unthinkable” and said he will vote for Democrat Hillary Clinton. Paulson joins a growing list of establishment Republicans who say they will not cast a ballot in the Nov. 8 election for Trump, the party’s presumptive nominee and a political neophyte whose populist rhetoric runs counter to many long-held Republican principles. “When it comes to the presidency, I will not vote for Donald Trump,” Paulson, who was chief executive of Goldman Sachs before becoming Treasury chief under Republican President George W. Bush, wrote in an opinion piece in the Washington Post. “I’ll be voting for Hillary Clinton, with the hope that she can bring Americans together to do the things necessary to strengthen our economy, our environment and our place in the world,” he said. Paulson accused Trump, who has touted his business acumen as a real estate developer during his campaign, of taking “imprudent risk” and then disavowing his debts when ventures fail. He also took aim at Trump’s opposition to trade agreements, which Paulson said have created U.S. jobs and fostered innovation and competitiveness. “Simply put, a Trump presidency is unthinkable,” Paulson said. The Trump campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Brent Scowcroft, a national security adviser to two Republican presidents, endorsed Clinton on Wednesday, and Richard Armitage, a deputy secretary of state under George W. Bush, said last week he would support her. Paulson, who helped steer a $700 billion bailout of the financial system through Congress during the financial meltdown, said Trump is a “phony” who is unfit to be president. “I can’t help but think what would have happened if a divisive character such as Trump were president during the 2008 financial crisis, at a time when leadership, compromise and careful analysis were critical,” he said. ",1
8982,U.S. committed to bringing American hostages home -Obama,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama on Friday said the United States remains committed to bringing home Americans held captive overseas and helping their families, a year after the administration promised to overhaul its handling of hostage situations. “We will not stop until we can bring our fellow citizens back to their families,” Obama said in a statement on the anniversary of the White House’s policy review. Obama specifically named journalist Austin Tice who disappeared in Syria in 2012, Caitlan Coleman held in Afghanistan, and retired FBI agent Robert Levinson, who went missing in Iran more than nine years ago. Earlier this week, the families of four Americans killed by Islamic State urged Obama to do everything possible to bring home Tice, the only U.S. journalist known to be held in war-torn Syria. The parents of the slain hostages criticized Obama for not personally naming Tice in his remarks at this year’s White House Correspondents’ Association Dinner when Obama said that he would “fight for the release of American hostages held against their will.”  They said Tice’s return would be a test of the of the success of the administration’s new policy. The White House undertook a six-month review of its hostage policies after complaints from families that their initiatives to free relatives captured abroad had been discouraged and sometimes blocked by government officials. As part of the overhaul, Obama named James O’Brien special presidential envoy for hostage affairs at the State Department to help coordinate the efforts of law enforcement and diplomats. “But I know our work will not be done until our fellow Americans who are held against their will, and whose families mark their calendars by the days since they’ve held their loved ones, are reunited,” Obama said.     ",1
8983,"U.S. states, Rockefellers clash with U.S. House panel on Exxon climate probes","HOUSTON (Reuters) - With a number of U.S. states proceeding with investigations of Exxon Mobil Corp’s (XOM.N) record on climate change, the attorney general of Massachusetts and investment funds of the Rockefeller family on Friday told a Congressional committee it lacked powers to oversee those probes. The pushback is the latest chapter in a high-stakes fight between the world’s largest publicly traded oil company and a coalition of state attorneys general who have said they would go after Exxon to try and force action to tackle climate change.    The House Committee on Science, Space and Technology last week reiterated demands that state attorneys general hand over any records of consultations the prosecutors had with outside environmental groups before their probes were opened. Republicans on the committee have said about 20 state officials overreached when they jointly said in March they would participate in inquiries into whether Exxon executives misled the public by contradicting research from company scientists that spelled out the threats of climate change. State officials have said the committee has no right to get involved. “The Committee lacks authority to interfere with an investigation by the Massachusetts Attorney General’s Office into possible violations of Massachusetts law by ExxonMobil,” said a letter to the committee from the office of Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey that was seen by Reuters. In another letter to the House panel seen by Reuters, the Rockefeller Brothers Fund and the Rockefeller Family Fund, two investment funds that have been critical of fossil fuels linked to climate change, said the committee’s request “imperiled the funds’ First Amendment rights” and said “Congress’s investigatory power is not unlimited.” Last week, Exxon asked a federal court to throw out a subpoena that would force it to hand over decades of documents on climate change to Healey’s office. Both sides in the standoff have sought to use the First Amendment of the Constitution, which guarantees freedom speech and freedom of assembly, among other protections, to press their cases.  The House committee has complained the inquiries risk stifling free speech and scientific inquiry, and that state officials were coordinating with special interest groups. Exxon, which declined to comment on Friday, has repeatedly said that it has acknowledged the reality of climate change for years and communicated this to investors.",1
8984,New York LGBT bar becomes first U.S. monument to gay rights,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama on Friday designated the site of a watershed event in the history of U.S. gay rights, the 1969 Stonewall riots in New York City, as a national monument, the first to honor the contributions of gay Americans. The Stonewall Inn gay bar in Manhattan’s Greenwich Village was the scene of a police raid that triggered riots and ignited a long struggle to bring lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people into the American mainstream and guarantee their rights. “Welcome to the family,” the National Park Service said in a  tweet welcoming its 412th site. LGBT rights advocacy groups hailed the national recognition, saying it will help highlight the gay communities’ continued struggles, especially in the aftermath of the June 12 mass shooting at a gay nightclub in Florida that killed 49 people. “This new national monument will be a source of inspiration to a new generation of Americans across the country standing up for equality and uniting to show the world that love conquers hate,” Human Rights Campaign President Chad Griffin said. The move was the latest of several steps Obama has take on  gay rights during his presidency.  In 2010, he signed a law repealing a policy that had banned gays from serving openly in the U.S. military. In 2012, he became the first president to support gay marriage, a stance he has admitted took time to evolve. His administration also supported the legal challenge that led to the 2015 U.S. Supreme Court ruling legalizing gay marriage nationwide. “There is important distance yet to travel, but through political engagement and litigation, as well as individual acts of courage and acceptance, this movement has made tremendous progress toward securing equal rights and equal dignity,” Obama said in a proclamation officially designating the historic site. The events of late June and early July 1969 in New York helped start the modern American gay rights movement. A week of violent clashes on Christopher Street between patrons of the Stonewall Inn and police, who had periodically raided the bar, arresting gays under morals laws of the era, became known as the Stonewall riots. The crackdown was also tied up in a dispute between the Mafia, which owned the bar, and corrupt police officers seeking payoffs for protection. But it unleashed a year of protests, culminating with the first gay pride parade in 1970. This year’s weekend LGBT pride festivities started in New York on Friday with a street fair and were to culminate with Sunday’s parade through Lower Manhattan. Events were scheduled across the country in San Francisco, Minneapolis, Oklahoma City and elsewhere. Obama’s designation protects about 7.7 acres (3.1 hectares) of land, including the Stonewall Inn and nearby Christopher Park. U.S. lawmakers representing New York, in a statement, called the site “a beacon for liberation.” It drew renewed attention in the wake of this month’s massacre in Orlando at another gay venue, a nightclub called Pulse. Mourners in New York flocked to the inn and created a makeshift memorial after the shooting, the worst such attack in modern U.S. history.  In honor of the new monument, the White House will release a video that will be played on billboards in New York’s Times Square on Saturday. U.S. officials will also hold a designation ceremony at Stonewall on Monday. ",1
8985,Could Brexit vote be a preview of U.S. presidential race?,"WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Britain’s stunning vote to leave the European Union, buoyed by a frenzy of nationalism and populist anger, was a crushing rejection of the political elite. Republican Donald Trump hopes it is also a preview of November’s U.S. presidential election. The referendum result reverberated immediately in a U.S. presidential campaign dominated by Trump’s rapid rise to capture the nomination, fueled by a similar brew of anti-establishment and anti-globalization sentiment. The vote in Britain reinforced the notion that the insurgent campaign launched by the wealthy real estate developer had tapped into a global political movement that might be hard to stop. “This is a protest vote against globalization and there is one presidential candidate who won the nomination who has put globalization in his crosshairs - and that’s Donald Trump,” Republican strategist John Feehery said. Trump, who has spent much of his campaign warning of the dangers posed by immigrants who illegally enter from Mexico and proposing a temporary ban on U.S. entry for Muslims, has matched the global mood with his rhetoric. “There are swaths of the population around the world who are struggling economically in the current economy, and groping for targets of blame,” said Katherine Cramer, a political scientist at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. “Trump and the Brexit vote offer up tangible targets, and it is not surprising that people grab onto them. The vote yesterday is a reminder that Trump could very well win the presidential election,” she said. A Brexit supporter, Trump was happy to note the parallels to his own campaign when he reopened his golf course in Turnberry, Scotland, on Friday. Presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton bemoaned the result. The referendum, which most British opinion polls had predicted was headed to defeat, was a wake-up call for Democrats who have been heartened by Clinton’s lead over Trump in opinion polls of late. “I woke up this morning a little dismayed,” said Democratic strategist Dane Strother. “The question is whether Trump is similarly underperforming in the polls here. If that under-polled anger was present in Britain, as a Democrat you have to hope it isn’t mirrored here.” Global stock markets wobbled immediately after the vote, which experts warned could trigger a global recession and weaken the U.S. economy. British Prime Minister David Cameron, who said after the vote he could step down by October, presents a cautionary lesson for Clinton as she prepares to face Trump. British voters ignored repeated warnings from Cameron about the dire consequences of a departure from the European Union. Clinton can take advantage of the unsettled global mood without indulging in predictions of doom or the over-the-top rhetoric that sometimes has set back Trump, Republican strategist Rich Galen said. “She can reflect some of the same sentiment that Trump and the Brexit forces tapped into but use it to her advantage,” Galen said. “She is not going to, and doesn’t want to, out-Trump Trump, but the idea is to say, ‘I understand these concerns.’” Clinton adviser Jake Sullivan told reporters after the vote that she has “a real confidence that Americans are generous, tolerant, big-hearted people” who believe that the country is stronger together. “They’re going to watch what impact (the Brexit vote) ends up having on the U.K. and on the British economy and come November, they are going to make their own decision about the kind of leadership that they’re looking for,” he said. Differences between the electorates in the United Kingdom and the United States are one reason the Brexit sentiment may not translate fully into success for Trump.  About 30 million votes were cast in the last British general election in 2015, with about 10 percent of those cast by minority voters. Polling in the UK ahead of the Brexit vote suggested broad support for staying in the EU among those voters. By contrast, according to the Pew Research Center, nonwhite voters constituted 26 percent of all voters in the 2012 U.S. general election — and by a huge margin they backed Democratic President Barack Obama. Pew projects that by November, nearly one in three voters will be a minority, and opinion polls show Trump struggling with those blocs. Just being more mature, experienced and sympathetic than Trump may not be enough for Clinton. “The argument is you need a responsible grownup, but a large part of the world doesn’t want a responsible grownup,” said Tom Rath, a New Hampshire-based Republican strategist. “I don’t think it’s enough to say I know all the stuff he doesn’t or he’s rash, because right now people aren’t filtering that through.” ",1
8986,UK 'Leave' vote deflates hopes for U.S.-EU trade deal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Britain’s looming exit from the European Union is another huge setback for negotiations on a massive U.S.-EU free trade deal that were already stalled by deeply entrenched differences and growing anti-trade sentiment on both sides of the Atlantic.  The historic divorce launched by Thursday’s vote will almost certainly further delay substantial progress in the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) talks as the remaining 27 EU states sort out their own new relationship with Britain, trade experts said on Friday.  With French and German officials increasingly voicing skepticism about TTIP’s chances for success, the United Kingdom’s departure from the deal could sink hopes of a deal before President Barack Obama leaves office in January. “This is yet another reason why TTIP will likely be postponed,” said Heather Conley, European program director at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, a think tank in Washington. “But to be honest, TTIP isn’t going anywhere, I believe, before 2018 at the earliest,” she said. U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman said in a statement on Friday that he was evaluating the UK decision’s impact on TTIP, but would continue to engage with both European and UK counterparts.     “The importance of trade and investment is indisputable in our relationships with both the European Union and the United Kingdom,” Froman said. “The economic and strategic rationale for T-TIP remains strong.” TTIP negotiators are still expected to meet in Brussels in mid-July as scheduled, but those talks were aimed at focusing on less controversial issues while leaving the thorniest disagreements for U.S. and EU political leaders to resolve. And it is unclear when Britain will launch formal separation proceedings, which will take at least two years. But analysts said both sides have been reluctant to put their best offers on the table with a new U.S. president due to take office in January and French and German leadership elections nearing in 2017. The Brexit also will preoccupy EU officials in coming months as they launch their own negotiations with London over the future terms of UK-EU trade, and sort out their post-Brexit priorities, said Hosuk Lee-Makiyama, director of the European Centre for International Political Economy, a Brussels-based think tank.     Britain’s departure could leave U.S. negotiators facing a European side that is more dug-in on some issues, said Chad Bown, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, a think tank in Washington. “As the UK is part of the coalition of liberal trading economies in the EU, the U.S. is losing one of the more like-minded countries from the group in Brussels sitting on the other side of the negotiating table,” said Bown, a former World Bank economist. However, Lee-Makiyama, who also sees little chance of a deal before 2018, said Britain’s departure could eliminate one source of disagreement because the UK has insisted on a financial services chapter in the trade deal. “The only real proponent of banking regulation in TTIP is the UK. Germany and France are probably willing to let it go,” he said. “It still leaves about 20 outstanding issues at nearly the same level of difficulty.” The TTIP negotiations, which started three years ago, have unable to settle major differences over agriculture, where the EU side has shown little willingness to alter food safety rules that prohibit American beef raised with hormones or genetically modified foods, or open its closely guarded geographical food naming rules, such as for Asiago and feta cheeses. European negotiators have complained that the United States has offered too little to open up its vast federal, state and local government procurement markets to European vendors with “Buy American” preferences in place. Europe also wants access to key U.S. sectors such as maritime transport and aviation, while American negotiators have been frustrated over lack of access to some 200 European sectors ranging from healthcare to education. The two sides also are far apart on how to resolve disputes. The U.S. side favors a traditional binding arbitration approach, while the Europeans want a court-like system that allows for appeals. More progress has been made on harmonizing regulations for things like car seat belt anchors, clothes labeling and pharmaceutical inspections. ",1
8987,Strong defense relationship with Britain to continue: Pentagon spokesman,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Pentagon is confident that defense ties with Britain will continue and U.S. Secretary of Defense Ash Carter spoke with his counterpart by phone after Britain voted to leave the European Union, a Pentagon spokesman said on Friday. Speaking with reporters, Peter Cook said the United States was confident that Britain would remain a strong ally in NATO, which “will continue to perform its very important function.” ",1
8988,"For Donald Trump, going on about golf is par for the course","TURNBERRY, Scotland (Reuters) - Donald Trump flew all night from New York to Scotland to talk about his renovated Turnberry golf course and, given the chance to open up on the topic, he was rhapsodic. At a news conference, the Republican’s opening ode to Turnberry was what greeted American cable TV viewers as they woke to the news that Britain had voted to part ways with the European Union. The presumptive Republican presidential nominee talked plenty about the “Brexit” vote.  But since his event was to mark the reopening of a resort where the Open Championship has been staged four times, he first reviewed the improvements at holes 9, 10 and 11, the sprinkler system, the lighthouse, the resort hotel, and he name-checked golf legends Tom Watson, Jack Nicklaus and Nick Price. “This hole is an example,” said Trump, standing on the 9th tee. “From approximately this area, you would hit over there ... Now you’re hitting out over the ocean. And just to the right of the lighthouse, you have a green, and a lot of people think this will be the greatest par 3 anywhere in the world. And then 10 becomes a par 5,” he said. Trump quickly dispensed with a protester who emerged from the audience to hold up a package of red golf balls emblazoned with Nazi swastikas. “Get him out of here,” Trump said, a refrain that he frequently uses when protesters are escorted by security from his rallies back home. More appreciated by Trump were the two bagpipers in kilts who accompanied him. Everyone at his event knew he was about to arrive because they could hear the skirling of the pipes before he appeared from behind a grassy hill. “We’re just waiting on Donald Trump. His arrival is imminent. We can see the bagpipers,” said one TV broadcaster. Having never held public office, Trump does not have a list of political victories to tout on the campaign trail. With his business skills, Trump says, he can work to improve America’s rundown roads and bridges and negotiate better deals on issues as diverse as trade and Iran’s nuclear program. Trump delights in talking about his projects. His makeover of Washington’s Old Post Office into a luxury Trump hotel, for example, is way ahead of schedule. He is less enthusiastic about raising money for his campaign and the Republican National Committee. “I don’t like doing it,” he said. But true to his nature, Trump averred he was good at it. “You know, I sit with 20 people, and we talk, and they all hand you checks, bing, bing, bing,” he said. ",1
8989,Bipartisan U.S. House members vow to keep gun control fight alive,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A bipartisan group of lawmakers on Friday pledged to build support in the U.S. House of Representatives for legislation keeping firearms from people on terrorism watch lists, despite repeated gun control failures this week in Congress. The “Terrorist Firearms Prevention Act” was introduced by nine House members representing diverse states stretching from Hawaii to Delaware, including some who have led the gun control fight for years. “If you can’t get on a plane because of the danger that may pose, there is no reason you should be able to purchase a dangerous weapon,” said Republican Representative Carlos Curbelo of Florida, in a refrain that has ricocheted through the U.S. Capitol since the June 12 mass shooting in Orlando. The legislation, identical to a bill by Senator Susan Collins of Maine that was debated on the Senate floor on Thursday, would halt sales of weapons to people on a “no-fly” list barring them from boarding airplanes, or a “Selectee” list in which they are subjected to special airport screenings. Over the past two weeks, the Senate failed to advance this or several other proposals placing new constraints on gun sales, as the U.S. mourned the deaths of 49 people killed at an Orlando nightclub with 53 others injured. Curbelo said he met with House Speaker Paul Ryan’s top aide to inform him of the bill. The lawmaker left that meeting with no assurances it would advance, but simply “no objection from the speaker’s office” to the legislation being introduced, Curbelo said. He added that the bill’s sponsors now must build support “amongst our colleagues” in a House that has a concentration of conservative Republicans opposed to most gun control ideas. Many Republicans have argued that travelers can mistakenly be placed on terrorism watch lists and denying them the ability to buy weapons would stomp on their constitutional rights. “We cannot let that argument stop, into perpetuity, our ability to advance wise legislation in this matter,” countered    Republican Representative Scott Rigell of Virginia. Rigell, a co-sponsor of the bill, introduced himself to reporters at a press conference as a lifetime member of the National Rifle Association, which lobbies against gun controls,  and an owner of 10 firearms, including an AR-15 semi-automatic rifle that is similar to the weapon used by Omar Mateen, the Orlando shooter. ",1
8990,"Trump's ""unlimited"" wealth may not be enough to fund his campaign","LONDON (Reuters) - New York real estate developer Donald Trump says he has “unlimited” personal wealth to fund his White House run, but a Reuters review of his financial disclosures suggests he does not have enough cash to see his campaign through to Election Day. Trump this week dismissed concerns about his campaign finances after electoral filings showed he raised just $3 million in individual contributions in May and had a war chest of only $1 million at the end of the month. His Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton, raised $26 million and ended May with a war chest of $42 million.  Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee who says he is worth about $10 billion, said in a statement on Tuesday that “if need be, there could be unlimited ‘cash on hand’ as I would put up my own money.”  Trump had cash and other liquid investments - money in funds, equities and cash - worth $60 million to $180 million in May, according to his filings with the Office of Government Ethics. The form does not require candidates to give precise values for their assets, only ranges. If President Barack Obama’s spending in his successful re-election bid in 2012 election is any guide, then Trump is a few hundred million dollars short. Obama spent almost $600 million between June and November 2012, according to Federal Election Commission filings. Trump’s campaign declined to comment for this story but referred to his earlier statement, in which he said his White House bid costs less than a traditional one because it is “leaner and more efficient.”  If Trump did decide to self-finance his campaign, he could, in theory, tap the hundreds of millions dollars of revenue he says is generated annually by his businesses. But it’s not clear how much of this revenue he could use. Business owners can take money out of a business only after deducting operating costs and taxes. Even then, much of an entrepreneur’s corporate earnings are often used to invest in building their businesses and maintaining their property assets.  Trump’s liquid assets stood at $80 million to $230 million in July last year, according to an earlier electoral filing. Using the midpoint of the ranges, Trump’s liquid assets have fallen $35 million in the past year.  The drop shows his campaign spending so far has already been funded in part by dipping into savings, rather than solely from his income. “There is a real question about how much he has in terms of liquid assets,” said Norman Ornstein, a political scholar and expert in political finance at the American Enterprise Institute, a conservative think tank in Washington, citing the regulatory filings, which do not give a precise picture of Trump’s wealth. “It’s quite possible that he doesn’t have anywhere near what he suggests he has and what he does have is tied up in real estate, and selling that is no easy task,” he said.  As a result, a more likely scenario would be Trump trying to borrow the funds, which could be probably done more quickly than trying to sell one of his buildings, he added.  Jan Baran, a former general counsel with the Republican National Committee, said Trump may not need as much money as people think. “He’s breaking the mold on everything ... he has proven that spending large sums of money does not guarantee success,” Baran said, referring to how Trump defeated well-funded Republican rivals such as former Florida Governor Jeb Bush in the early nominating contests, or primaries. If Trump does not use his own money, he can seek donations, the traditional fund-raising route. Individual donors can contribute $2,700 each to his general election campaign. Trump has also signed a joint fundraising agreement with the  Republican National Committee. The RNC currently has $20 million in cash, money that will be used to help elect Trump and Republican lawmakers across the country.  Trump could also benefit if external groups like Super PACs raise money to campaign on his behalf. However, Trump has not yet blessed a Super PAC. Trump has spent around $63 million so far in his presidential bid, including $46 million in loans he made to his campaign, FERC data shows.  Typically, television advertising and creating infrastructure at a state and local level to mobilize voters are the most expensive aspects of a U.S. presidential campaign. TV networks charge high fees for prime time slots and many ground troops needed to bring out the voters must be paid.  So far Trump has not needed to spend much on television advertising - his fiery rhetoric on illegal immigrants and what he says are the security risks posed by refugees from the Middle East have guaranteed him blanket media coverage.  Daniel Weiner, a campaign finance expert at New York University’s Brennan Center for Justice said you can get only so far with free media in an election. “TV advertising has been decreasing in importance for a long time, but the get-out-the vote stuff is crucial, particularly in an election that people perceive as being more about motivating their core voters, as opposed to winning over swing voters. And what we call ‘the ground game’ is quite expensive,” he said. Trump has said he plans to outsource some of that ground game to the RNC, for example relying on their field staff in battleground states to help get out the vote. Trump has significant real estate holdings, which he says have low debt on them. With Election Day on Nov. 8 now just four months away, some real estate experts say selling them to generate cash would be a challenge. But several bankers say Trump could conceivably borrow hundreds of millions against them, despite his history of business bankruptcies and litigation with lenders. Exactly how much he could borrow, how easily and at what interest rates depends on how much Trump owns of the buildings that he cites as his own and how much debt he has. “You have years of prosperity and you have all of these alternative lenders and you have banks that are hungry for loans,” said one veteran banking executive, who was not permitted to speak on the record.” If Trump needs to borrow tens of millions of dollars, he probably can, the executive said. “If it is hundreds of millions, that’s another matter.” ",1
8991,"Cleveland, ACLU agree on protest limits at Republican convention","CLEVELAND (Reuters) - The city of Cleveland and the American Civil Liberties Union on Friday settled a federal lawsuit over free speech limits outside the Republican National Convention next month, setting the stage for lively demonstrations during Donald Trump’s big moment. The city had been seeking a restricted zone of 3.3 square miles (8.5 square km) around the Quicken Loans Arena, site of the convention, where free speech and mobility would be limited. That prompted an ACLU lawsuit on behalf of three protest groups that argued the so-called event zone was too large and the security regulations too strict. Details of the new event zone and protest rules were not immediately available. “Today, counsel advised me that the case is settled and that they will execute a settlement agreement expeditiously,” U.S. District Judge Dan Aaron Polster said in a statement. Another judge on Thursday had struck down Cleveland’s plan for placing limits on protests, issuing a preliminary injunction in favor of the ACLU and referring the case to Polster for mediation. Trump is expected to become the Republican Party’s official nominee for president at the July 18-21 convention, which will attract protesters for various causes who plan to demonstrate outside. Trump campaign events have drawn large and raucous demonstrations with some resulting in clashes between the candidate’s supporters and opponents. The plaintiffs in the Cleveland lawsuit are Citizens for Trump, a Texas-based group that supports the wealthy businessman’s campaign; Organize Ohio, a liberal activist group; and Northeast Ohio Coalition for the Homeless, a charitable organization. Citizens for Trump anticipates 104 cars and trucks, 100 motorcycles, four horses and at least 5,000 people to participate in its event, while Organize Ohio expects 3,000 to 5,000 marchers, the ACLU said. ",1
8992,"Ryan, House Republicans offer plan to slice U.S. tax rates","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives said on Friday  they would advance legislation next year to chop individual and corporate U.S. tax rates. The tax plan, unveiled by House Speaker Paul Ryan and other Republican lawmakers at the U.S. Capitol, is the sixth and final plank of a conservative policy agenda being rolled out in an effort to unify Republicans after a divisive primary campaign for the party’s presidential nominee. Ryan, the highest-ranking elected Republican, said the proposal would provide a clear direction for U.S. economic leadership and was needed amid global uncertainty that was exemplified by the British vote to leave the European Union. “For all of these moments of possible uncertainty that are happening around the globe, having strong, powerful, confident, American economic leadership is in need, and this does that,” he said. Washington has been unable to summon the political will to reform the loophole-riddled tax code for nearly three decades. Overhauling the code has long been a goal of Ryan, a self-described policy wonk. He was considered the Republican Party’s leading voice on taxes and budgets before he ascended to the job of speaker last year. But the labor powerhouse AFL-CIO scorned the Republican blueprint as similar to a tax-cutting proposal made last year by presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, who Ryan recently endorsed. Ryan and Trump “have striking resemblance - both tax plans benefit the wealthy & corps a lot,” the AFL-CIO said on Twitter.  Trump’s ideas about taxes have appeared contradictory at times. He said in May he is open to raising taxes on the rich, backing off prior proposals to reduce taxes on all Americans and corporations by slashing rates even more deeply than Ryan and House Republicans would. Democrats, including presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton, have pressed for increased taxes on the wealthiest Americans for years. House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi criticized the Republican plan as “massive tax giveaways to millionaires and billionaires on the backs of hard-working American families.” The plan would consolidate the current seven tax brackets for individuals to three, and lower the top individual income tax rate from 39.6 percent to 33 percent, higher than the 25 percent that Ryan proposed when he chaired the House Budget Committee.  Ryan said the goal was to make things so simple the average American could do their taxes on a postcard. The plan would lead to a maximum tax rate of 25 percent on small business income. It would also lower the top U.S. corporate tax rate from 35 percent, the highest in the industrialized world, to 20 percent, as well as shift to a “territorial” style tax system aimed at exempting the earnings of American companies abroad from U.S. taxation. The blueprint also calls for overhauling the tax-collecting Internal Revenue Service, an idea that animates many conservatives who have called for its abolition. ",1
8993,Rationale for U.S.-EU trade deal still strong after Brexit vote: USTR,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Even after Britain’s vote to leave the European Union, the case for a U.S. free trade deal with the EU remains strong, the top U.S. trade official said on Friday. “The economic and strategic rationale for T-TIP remains strong,” U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman said in a statement, referring to the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership being negotiated by Washington and the EU. “We are evaluating the impact of the United Kingdom’s decision on T-TIP and look forward to continuing our engagement with the European Union and our relations with the United Kingdom,” Froman said. ",1
8994,White House unveils measures to help inmates find work after prison,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Obama administration on Friday rolled out a series of education and work training initiatives focused on helping convicted criminals avoid returning to prison, part of President Barack Obama’s legacy-shaping effort to overhaul the U.S. criminal justice system as he prepares to leave office. The measures include a program that will link 67 colleges and universities with 141 correctional facilities to provide education and training to about 12,000 inmates. The program will offer federal Pell grants to prisoners, with an emphasis on inmates set to be released within five years of starting classes. “The bottom line is that our communities are less safe when the stigma of incarceration prevents Americans from truly ever shedding their prison jumpsuit,” White House senior adviser  Valerie Jarrett said on a call with reporters. “When people leave prisons and can’t turn their lives around, they too often end up back behind bars,” she said. Other programs unveiled on Friday will offer $31 million in grants for organizations to offer occupational training and apprenticeship opportunities for young adults and more than $5 million to organizations that help inmates prepare for employment. Obama’s top cabinet members for justice, education, labor and housing praised the reentry initiatives as common-sense reforms that should have been in place long ago. “All the little things that people take for granted generate tremendous obstacles for people who are coming out of the criminal justice system,” Attorney General Loretta Lynch said at a panel hosted by the left-leaning Center for American Progress think tank. Obtaining photo identification or being considered for job opportunities were two examples. “In order to compete, you have to be allowed in the arena,” she added. Hiring people with a criminal history “is not an act of charity, it is an act of enlightened self-interest,” Labor Secretary Thomas Perez said, commending Maryland’s largest private employer, the Johns Hopkins Hospital, for employing so many people with criminal backgrounds. Despite bipartisan support for reform of mandatory minimum sentences for some non-violent federal drug offenders, legislation addressing the issue has stalled in Congress. Jarrett said the White House remains hopeful that criminal justice reform will be approved by lawmakers. “We would like to see those bills move forward as quickly as possible,” she said. “We are going to do everything we can to work with members on both sides of the aisle to make sure it comes to fruition.” ",1
8995,Donald Trump heads for Scotland to reopen a golf resort,"GLASGOW, Scotland (Reuters) - Most U.S. presidential candidates go abroad to sharpen their foreign policy credentials. Donald Trump arrives in Scotland on Friday to reopen a golf resort. The presumptive Republican nominee, 70, visits his family’s ancestral homeland to showcase his far-flung business empire. His mother was born on Scotland’s Isle of Lewis. With a throng of reporters watching, he will make a dramatic arrival by helicopter at his seaside Trump Turnberry resort. He has scheduled a news conference on the 9th hole at noon (7 a.m. ET/1100 GMT). His visit to Turnberry, to be followed by a stop at his resort in Aberdeen on Saturday, will allow him to comment on the outcome of Britain’s vote on Thursday on whether to remain in the European Union. “I don’t think opening a golf resort gets you many foreign policy chops,” said Saul Anuzis, former chairman of the Michigan Republican Party. “But since he’s there right in the middle of the EU vote, it may end up being a PR bonanza for him.” The risk is that the real-estate tycoon, who has yet to hold public office and rates unfavorably with 70 percent of Americans in an opinion poll, will make a foreign policy misstep at a time when Republican leaders are urging a more serious demeanor. Trump has said he would be inclined to leave the EU. He has exchanged insults with British Prime Minister David Cameron, who has called the New Yorker’s anti-immigrant policy ideas divisive and wrong. There are no plans for the two to meet. His trip has baffled Republican officials who say he should concentrate on strengthening his campaign and taking the fight to the presumptive Democratic nominee, former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, who is 68. Trump defeated a crowded field of opponents for the Republican nomination but has faced one controversy after another, the latest over his firing of his campaign manager this week, a month before the party convention. “His campaign has got all kinds of growing pains and it doesn’t make sense that he would spend any kind of time going out of the country,” said David Yepsen, director of the Paul Simon Public Policy Institute at Southern Illinois University.  Turnberry is a storied course where the Open Championship has been staged four times. Trump invested $290 million in renovating the resort and golf course on Scotland’s West Coast 85 km (53 miles) southwest of Glasgow. He has portrayed his determination to build up courses in Turnberry and Aberdeen and overcome local opposition as an example of the type of leadership skills that Americans would get if he wins the White House on Nov. 8. “Well, Scotland has already been won – and so will the United States,” Trump wrote in a column for The Press and Journal newspaper in Aberdeen. An Aberdeen family opposed to his development there has threatened to raise a Mexican flag as a reminder of his proposal to build a wall along the U.S. southern border to keep out immigrants who enter illegally. The last Republican presidential nominee, former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney, in 2012 made a gaffe-filled campaign trip to London, Jerusalem and Poland. ",1
8996,U.S.-UK partnership on security remains strong: U.S. intelligence,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States’ cooperation with Britain on security issues will remain strong, the Office of the Director of National Intelligence said on Friday after the United Kingdom voted to leave the European Union. “The partnership between the United States and the United Kingdom on counterterrorism and other national security issues remains strong and will continue unabated,” ODNI Spokesman Timothy Barrett said in a statement. ",1
8997,Clinton: 'We respect the choice the people' made on Brexit,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said on Friday said she respected the United Kingdom’s vote on leaving the European Union and was committed to maintaining America’s relationships with both Britain and European countries. “Our first task has to be to make sure that the economic uncertainty created by these events does not hurt working families here in America,” she said in a statement. ",1
8998,Obama says he respects Britain's decision to leave EU,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama said on Friday he respected Britain’s vote to leave the European Union, and that the United States’ relationship with Britain would endure. “The people of the United Kingdom have spoken, and we respect their decision,” Obama said in a statement. “The United Kingdom and the European Union will remain indispensable partners of the United States even as they begin negotiating their ongoing relationship.” ",1
8999,"U.S. will work with Britain, EU for a smooth transition post-Brexit: Blinken","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States will work closely and carefully with Britain and the European Union to ensure a smooth transition after Britain voted to leave the European Union, the State Department’s No. 2 official said on Friday. “We will work very closely, carefully with both the UK and with the EU to do what we can to make sure the process ... goes smoothly as possible,” Deputy Secretary of State Antony Blinken told a conference in Washington. “It will not affect the special relationship with Britain.” ",1
9000,Immigration win for Republicans could help Clinton in the end,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans cheered after the U.S. Supreme Court on Thursday thwarted President Barack Obama’s plan to offer millions of undocumented immigrants relief from deportation, but any sense of triumph might last only until the November presidential election.  If recent history is a guide, the stalled cause of immigration reform could energize Hispanic voters in support of likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, hurting Republican Donald Trump’s chances of reaching the White House.  Four years ago, Obama, seeking reelection to a second term, made Republican opposition to reform a central theme of his campaign. He ended up swamping his opponent, Mitt Romney, by almost a 3 to 1 margin among Latino voters, who now make up around 12 percent of the U.S. electorate. Republican hopes for securing a larger share of that vote this election already seemed grim given Trump’s vow to deport the estimated 11 million immigrants in the country illegally and to build a wall along the southern U.S. border.  Democrats were quick to assail the ruling and voice concern about the fate of the 4 million or so immigrants who were to be shielded from deportation by Obama’s executive action. But it was also clear that they believe the high court has handed them a potent weapon to spur Latinos — the fastest-growing segment of the U.S. electorate — to vote in greater numbers. The Latino voting bloc is expected to swell to 27.3 million in 2016, up 4 million from 4 years ago.  The prospect of Clinton filling the current vacancy on the top court with a liberal-leading justice who could, potentially, protect immigration-reform programs, may galvanize those voters as well. Republicans in Congress have refused to accept Obama’s pick for the top court to fill the vacancy left by the death of conservative justice Antonin Scalia in February.  The justices’ ruling on Thursday sent the question of the legality of Obama’s program back to a Texas federal court for trial, leaving open the possibility that the matter could return to the high court on appeal at a later date.  The court’s decision “just adds fuel to the fire that’s already raging,” said Brad Bannon, a Democratic strategist. “Each of these events raises the intensity and the Latino turnout even more.” In the wake of the ruling, immigration activists vowed payback in November’s election and staged protests on Thursday. A recent survey by Latino Decisions, a polling firm, showed that about half of the U.S. Hispanic electorate showed greater enthusiasm to vote in 2016 as compared to 2012, with support for Obama’s pro-immigrant executive orders running high.  “We should expect similar dynamics this fall, perhaps even more so given the election is likely to determine the ideological direction of the Supreme Court,” said David Damore, an analyst for the firm. Given Trump’s unpopularity with Latino voters, the question for many Democrats both in and outside the Clinton campaign has been less about attracting the bloc’s support and more about making sure it votes in large enough numbers to help offset Trump’s expected advantage among white voters.  The court’s decision may also help make traditionally Republican states with increasing Hispanic populations such as Arizona more competitive this election, strategists in both parties said.  Reed Galen, a Republican strategist in California, said the ruling could boost Democratic hopes in Latino-heavy battleground states such as Nevada, Colorado, and Florida.  “The issue isn’t getting [Latino voters] fired up,” Galen said. “It’s getting them to show up.” Galen believes there is little his party can do now to mitigate the damage he believes Trump has done to its appeal among Hispanics. A Republican National Committee “autopsy” report after Romney’s defeat said it was essential for the party to broaden its appeal to Hispanic voters by embracing immigration reform.  “Trump has pushed the envelope on immigration so far for Republicans, I don’t know this [decision] is going to be any more damaging,” he said. “The barn’s already been blown up.” But Rev. Samuel Rodriguez, the president of the National Hispanic Christian Leadership Conference, a conservative advocacy group, disagreed. He said Republicans in Congress could still enact reform this year, which would ward off Trump’s deportation threat while building stronger ties with Latino voters.  “This is the quintessential green light for Republicans to put their money where their mouth is,” Rodriguez said.  Many Republicans were careful on Thursday to applaud the court’s ruling on the grounds that it curtailed what they viewed as an abuse of executive authority by Obama, without delving into the underlying immigration issues.  “The Constitution is clear: The president is not permitted to write laws — only Congress is,” said Paul Ryan, the speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives.  Ryan supports comprehensive immigration reform. Trump, however, went further, praising the ruling and saying the election now held the key to blocking further illegal immigration.  “The election, and the Supreme Court appointments that come with it will decide whether or not we have a border and, hence, a country,” he said in a statement. He has vowed to reverse Obama’s executive actions on immigration as president. ",1
9001,Trump predicts 'staggering' July fundraising for White House bid,"TURNBERRY, Scotland (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, stung by a meager fundraising haul compared with that of Democratic rival Hillary Clinton, predicted on Friday his campaign would draw “staggering” numbers this summer. Supporters have voiced concern he will not have enough money to finance his campaign for the Nov. 8 presidential election. Trump had $1.3 million in cash to start the month, compared with rival Democrat Hillary Clinton’s $42 million war chest. “The numbers are going to be, I think, quite staggering, especially in July,” Trump, a New York real estate developer, said at a news conference in Turnberry, Scotland, where he reopened a golf resort. He said he had only begun fundraising in earnest a few weeks ago and that the numbers, especially for small donations, had been “amazing.” Steve Mnuchin, Trump’s top fundraiser, told CNBC on Thursday that in the past week the campaign had raised about $10 million together with the Republican Party at fundraising events. He said Trump also raised $6 million through online donations. [L1N19F0VD] Trump said on Friday the July report “will show you some pretty massive numbers.” Trump also has suggested he could use more of his personal wealth to help win the White House. ",1
9002,"Latest gun control bid falters in Congress, Democrat sit-in ends","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Another attempt at gun control faltered in the U.S. Congress on Thursday despite outrage at the Orlando massacre, as a proposed ban on firearms sales to people being monitored for links to terrorism barely avoided being killed in the Senate. In a procedural vote, the Senate narrowly rejected an attempt to scrap the plan by Republican Senator Susan Collins to prevent guns getting into the hands of people on two U.S. government terrorism watch lists.  But the proposal looked short of the support it would need to advance through the chamber, and Republican leaders said the Senate would switch from debating gun control to other matters until at least after the July 4 holiday.         It was the latest setback for proponents of gun restrictions who have been thwarted for years on Capitol Hill by gun rights defenders and the National Rifle Association.     Frequent efforts at gun control have failed despite anger at mass shootings like the killings at an elementary school in Newtown, Connecticut, in 2012 and in San Bernardino, California, last year.  “Eventually this problem will get addressed again one of two ways: We find a breakthrough, which I will seek, or there will be another terrorist attack which will bring us right back to this issue. I hope we can do it without another terrorist attack,” said Senator Lindsey Graham, a Republican who supported Collins.        A few hours earlier, Democratic lawmakers ended a sit-in protest in the House of Representatives over guns. Fueled by Chinese food and pizzas, dozens of them stayed on the House floor all night, at times bursting into the civil rights anthem “We Shall Overcome” before giving up their protest after 25 hours.         “It’s not a struggle that lasts for one day, or one week, or one month, or one year,” said Representative John Lewis, a Democrat from Georgia and a key figure in the civil rights protests of the 1960s. “We’re going to win the struggle,” said Lewis, who led the House sit-in.     Dramatic protests by legislators are rare in the U.S. Capitol and the sit-in underscored how sensitive the gun control issue became after this month’s Florida attack, the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history. Opinion polls show Americans are increasingly in favor of more restrictions on guns in a country with more than 310 million weapons, about one for every citizen.      After a gunman pledging allegiance to Islamic State fatally shot 49 people at a gay nightclub in Orlando, some senators had seen resistance to gun restrictions softening because the issue had partly become one of national security. But Collins’ measure received only 52 votes in the 100-seat Senate test vote, short of the 60 votes that would be needed for  approval in future Senate procedural votes.  While her plan could be revived next month, it is unclear if she has the momentum to overcome pro-gun rights forces in Congress who argue that gun control measures in Congress have been too restrictive and trample on the constitutional right to bear arms. Four other gun control measures failed earlier this week.              Collins, a Maine lawmaker, wants to forbid gun sales to anyone on the U.S. government’s “No Fly List” for terrorism suspects or the “Selectee List” of people who receive extra security screening at airports.         Despite the lack of legislation, the gun debate has stirred passions. The House Democrats’ sit-in brought an outpouring of grass-roots activity.  Jennifer Hoppe, deputy director of Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America, said that in less than 24 hours from Wednesday, about 130,000 calls were made from supporters of gun control to members of Congress. First lady Michelle Obama backed the House Democrats’ protest. “We have grieved for too many children and wept for too many families after shootings. Chicago. Tucson. Newtown. Charleston. Orlando. #Enough,” she wrote on Twitter on Thursday. The Democrats were seeking votes on legislation to expand background checks for gun purchases, as well as measures to curb the sale of weapons to people on government watch lists             Republicans allied with the NRA gun rights group say that while they want to combat terrorism, they represent constituents who believe firmly in the constitutional right to bear arms.  “It’s a tough issue. For people like myself, who come from a hunting and fishing state, it’s pretty hard,” said Senator Orrin Hatch, a conservative Utah Republican who voted against Collins.             ",1
9003,Obama briefed after Britain votes to leave EU,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama was briefed by his advisers late on Thursday on Britain’s vote to leave the European Union, a result that he had argued passionately against during an April visit to London. Obama, who was scheduled to deliver remarks to global entrepreneurs at a conference at Stanford University at 10:45 a.m. PDT (1:45 p.m. ET/1745 GMT), was dining out at an upscale restaurant with a small group of top venture capitalists and Silicon Valley entrepreneurs as the results for the “leave” campaign began to roll in. The group at San Francisco’s Twenty-Five Lusk included John Doerr of Kleiner Perkins Caufield Byers, and LinkedIn’s Reid Hoffman. Obama dined for more than two hours, departing shortly after British networks called the referendum for the “leave” campaign, and markets plunged. A White House official said Obama had been briefed on the returns and would “continue to be updated by his team as the situation warrants.” “We expect the president will have an opportunity to speak to Prime Minister Cameron over the course of the next day, and we will release further comment as soon as appropriate,” the official said in a brief statement to reporters. Obama traveled to London in April at the request of Cameron, whom he calls a friend, exhorting Britons to stay in the EU, an unusual intervention that was denounced as meddling by those in the “leave” campaign. Obama also warned that leaving the EU would put Britain at the “back of the queue” for a trade deal with the United States. Obama’s term in the White House ends on Jan. 20, 2017. His former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, the presumptive Democratic candidate in the Nov. 8 election, had also said she hoped the UK would stay in the EU. The presumptive Republican nominee - real estate magnate Donald Trump - had taken the opposite stance, saying he thought the UK should leave. Trump, in Scotland on Friday to reopen a golf resort, told reporters that Britons “took back control of their country” by voting to leave the European Union. ",1
9004,Democrat gun control sit-in sparks social media sensation,"(Reuters) - A blackout of television cameras in the U.S. House Representatives during the Democrats’ gun control sit-in may have spurred public interest in the protest as it forced the demonstrators to use social media to broadcast their message. Democrats leapt on Facebook Live and Twitter’s Periscope after the cameras, controlled by the House, went dark Wednesday when presiding House officer and Republican Representative Ted Poe declared the chamber not in order during the protest. As Democrats took to alternative forms of video broadcasting, their message gained tremendous momentum from social media. On Twitter, the hashtags #NoBillNoBreak and #HoldTheFloor have been tweeted at least 1.4 million times. Of the roughly 20 members of Congress who remained at the sit-in overnight, 19 of them used Facebook Live for a total combined viewership of 3 million. “It really connected with people out there,” Congressman Scott Peters told Reuters. “This whole phenomenon with [live video] struck a nerve.” Peters used the application Periscope, which is connected to the social media platform Twitter, to send out video. “Without that, think about it, it would have been a caucus meeting where we talk to ourselves,” he added.  In remarks Wednesday outside the Capitol, House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi praised how her party harnessed social media. “Without you and without the technology of Periscope [the sit-in] would just be a debate in the Halls of Congress unrecorded because they turned off the microphones,” Pelosi said. “But we raised our voices. They turned off the cameras and we went to Periscope.” Congressman Mark Takano, who began posting live videos from the chamber to his Facebook page Wednesday afternoon and continued to throughout the night, said the social media video helped him connect with constituents. “Once I got started with the live streaming I didn’t feel like I could let down the people who were following me,” said Takano. “It was a way to push out a message.” Even C-SPAN, which typically broadcasts footage recorded by the House cameras, picked up live video from four different members of Congress roughly two hours after the House cameras shut down, according to communications director Howard Mortman. It marked the first time the channel broadcast a live social media feed from the House floor. “Something interesting is happening with Facebook Live that’s bringing more openness to the political process,” said Mark Zuckerberg, CEO of Facebook, in a post to his social media profile Thursday. “It’s a way to share anything you want with the world using just your phone.” ",1
9005,Democrats say gun defeat in Congress could help on campaign trail,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democrats in Congress ended a 25-hour sit-in on the floor of the House of Representatives where they have been countless times before: short of the votes needed to tighten U.S. gun laws. But many see their latest defeat as a prelude to victory in the Nov. 8 elections. Spurred by the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history, Democrats are showing a new willingness to make gun laws a top issue in Washington and on the campaign trail, defying powerful lobbying groups like the National Rifle Association that have helped make the United States the most gun-friendly country in the developed world. The effort is not likely to change federal firearms laws this year, as Republicans who control Congress have shown little interest in proposals that they say weaken Americans’ constitutional right to bear arms. But Democrats and their allies say that defeat now on Capitol Hill could help them win control of the White House and both chambers of Congress in the Nov. 8 elections. That is a shift from previous elections when Democrats have downplayed the issue on the campaign trail. “The tide has turned, and Republicans ignore this issue at their own peril,” said Robert Weiner, a former Democratic congressional aide.  Hillary Clinton, the Democrats’ presumptive presidential nominee, talks frequently in her campaign about banning military-style assault rifles and expanding background checks — a marked contrast to President Barack Obama, who avoided talk of guns during his 2008 and 2012 elections. In Congress, Democrats have resorted to confrontational tactics to force gun votes since June 12, when a gunman killed 49 people at a Florida nightclub. Senator Chris Murphy’s 15-hour speech in the Senate last week forced five votes this week on measures that would make it harder for terrorism suspects to buy guns, though none have advanced. In the House, Democrats occupied the chamber for 25 hours in an unsuccessful attempt to force votes on terrorism suspects and expanding background checks for gun buyers. Republican pollster Kellyanne Conway said Democrats’ willingness to talk about guns reflects the party becoming more liberal, not a change in public sentiment.  Most voters view the shooting in Orlando as an act of terrorism inspired by Islamic State, she said. “The shooter called 911 to pledge allegiance to ISIS, he did not call 911 and pledge allegiance to Smith & Wesson,” she said, referring to an acronym for Islamic State and the firearms manufacturer. Still, Democrats’ willingness to take a stand on gun control has shifted the debate, said Democratic strategist Hank Sheinkopf. “There’s a potentially a good electoral outcome for Democrats out of this. They will probably pick up seats,” he said. After landslide defeats in 2010 and 2014, most Democrats who remain in office tend to represent safely liberal congressional districts where gun control is popular. But those up for election in competitive states have spoken up as well. U.S. Representative Patrick Murphy, who hopes to unseat Republican U.S. Senator Marco Rubio in gun-friendly Florida, said during the House sit-in that gun rights groups like the NRA are “largely responsible” for the country’s 32,000 annual gun deaths.  “This passion you’re seeing is what’s needed to get people to wake up,” he said on the House floor. The NRA did not respond to a request for comment. Democrats have public opinion on their side: a Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll conducted this week found that 48 percent of those surveyed support strong gun regulations, while 23 percent support minimal rules. Support runs higher for specific proposals, like imposing background checks on all gun buyers. (bit.ly/28U7CA7) But intensity has been a sticking point for gun control advocates. The NRA has been able to mobilize supporters who are willing to vote for or against a candidate solely because of their position on guns, while gun-control supporters typically consider other issues as well, such as abortion and the environment. “Anytime the Democrats start a gun movement, it costs them votes,” said Dave “Mudcat” Saunders, who has worked for centrist Democratic candidates. “I can’t imagine it’s changing.” Shootings in Newtown, Connecticut; San Bernardino, California; Charleston, South Carolina; and, most recently, Orlando have changed that dynamic, others say.  “Mass shootings are highly visible, and force people to pay attention and realize that we have a problem that isn’t going to be solved by more guns,” said Tharon Johnson, a Democratic strategist in Atlanta who worked on Obama’s 2012 campaign. The gun-control lobbying group Everytown for Gun Safety says its members generated 245,000 telephone calls to Congress, and brought hundreds of its members to Congress to press for action during the debate. “I’ve been in the fight for a number of years and I’ve never seen anything like this,” said Colin Goddard, an advocate with the group who was wounded during the 2007 Virginia Tech mass shooting. ",1
9006,White House threatens to veto Republicans' Zika funding plan,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House on Thursday threatened to veto the $1.1 billion approved by the U.S. House of Representatives to fight the Zika virus, blasting the measure for short-changing the administration’s $1.9 billion funding request. The Republican-controlled House approved the funding deal early Thursday morning after reaching a deal with both House and Senate Republicans. White House spokesman Eric Schultz said the bill “falls far short” of the amount of money recommended by health officials to address the spread of the Zika virus. “This is a bill that would steal money from other critically important public health priorities,” Schultz told reporters at a briefing. “We urge Republicans to stop turning this into a political football, and to actually get to work to come up with proposals that will serve the American people.” The administration also criticized the bill for limiting contraception access for women seeking to prevent Zika, which can be spread through unprotected sex.  The Senate is expected to vote on funding to combat the Zika virus next week, but the bill faces an uncertain fate in the chamber, where the Democratic minority has more power to stop legislation. Democratic leader Harry Reid has declared his opposition. Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan urged the Senate to move on the bill. “It is a responsible plan that assures the administration will continue to have the needed resources to protect the public,” Ryan said. Republicans said the deal included funding for fiscal years 2016 and 2017.  If the Senate approved the bill, a White House veto would likely mean that lawmakers would not take up the issue until the House and Senate return from their July 4 holiday recess - well into the U.S. summer season. The House has already adjourned for holiday and the Senate is expected to start its recess next Friday.       Democrats have been urging Republicans for months to agree to more Zika funding, and the Obama administration has already reprogrammed nearly $600 million that had been set aside to fight Ebola. House Democrats said they could not go along with the deal because of $750 million in budget cuts elsewhere that the Republicans want to use to pay for the Zika spending. Senate Democrats also voiced displeasure, clouding the outlook for it passing. “A narrowly partisan proposal that cuts off women’s access to birth control, shortchanges veterans and rescinds Obamacare funds to cover the cost is not a serious response to the threat from the Zika virus,” Reid said.  According to House Appropriations Committee Chairman Hal Rogers, $543 million of the $1.1 billion would come from unspent funds set aside for implementing Obamacare in U.S. territories, while $107 million would come from unused funds to fight another virus, Ebola. Another $100 million would come from unused administrative funds at the Department of Health and Human Services, he said. ",1
9007,Clinton's server technician declines to answer court-ordered questions,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The computer technician who set up Hillary Clinton’s private email server for her work as U.S. secretary of state declined to answer questions more than 125 times during a deposition ordered by a federal judge, a transcript released on Thursday shows. Bryan Pagliano worked on Clinton’s previous presidential run in 2008. He joined the State Department’s technology department the next year as one of Clinton’s political appointees and set up the unauthorized server in her New York home.  The decision to set up the server has dogged Clinton, the presumptive Democratic Party candidate ahead of November’s presidential election, and clouded her campaign with legal uncertainty. A majority of voters say they find her dishonest, polls show, with many citing her private server as a reason. Judge Emmet Sullivan of the U.S. District Court in Washington had ordered Pagliano and other Clinton aides and department officials to give sworn testimony to help him decide whether the server was set up to thwart the public’s right to see government records.  Sullivan is overseeing a lawsuit by Judicial Watch, a conservative watchdog group suing the State Department. It is one of scores of such lawsuits filed by individuals and groups who were incorrectly told by the government that Clinton had no emails before the arrangement became publicly known in 2015, two years after Clinton left the department. “On the advice of counsel, I will decline to answer your question in reliance on my rights under the Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution,” Pagliano said 128 times over 80 minutes in response to a series of questions by a Judicial Watch lawyer. The deposition under oath took place on Wednesday. The Fifth Amendment gives Americans the right not to be forced to be witnesses against themselves in criminal cases. Pagliano is cooperating with the U.S. Department of Justice’s criminal inquiry on the server arrangement in exchange for a form of immunity from prosecution.  The inquiry, prompted by the discovery of classified government secrets among Clinton’s emails, has been underway for nearly a year. Investigators have interviewed several of Clinton’s senior aides. No one has been charged.  Clinton has repeatedly said the server was a mistake in hindsight and that she thought it was allowed, which department officials now say was not the case. She has said she does not believe she will be charged with breaking any laws. Her spokesmen did not immediately respond to a request for comment.    ",1
9008,Timeline: Zika's origin and global spread,"The following timeline charts the origin and spread of the Zika virus from its discovery nearly 70 years ago: 1947: Scientists researching yellow fever in Uganda’s Zika Forest identify the virus in a rhesus monkey 1948: Virus recovered from Aedes africanus mosquito in Zika Forest 1952: First human cases detected in Uganda and Tanzania 1954: Virus found in Nigeria 1960s-80s: Zika detected in mosquitoes and monkeys across equatorial Africa 1969–83: Zika found in equatorial Asia, including India, Indonesia, Malaysia and Pakistan 2007: Zika spreads from Africa and Asia, first large outbreak on Pacific island of Yap 2012: Researchers identify two distinct lineages of the virus, African and Asian 2013–14: Zika outbreaks in French Polynesia, Easter Island, the Cook Islands and New Caledonia. Retrospective analysis shows possible link to birth defects and severe neurological complications in babies in French Polynesia March 2, 2015: Brazil reports illness characterized by skin rash in northeastern states July 17: Brazil reports detection of neurological disorders in newborns associated with history of infection Oct. 5: Cape Verde has cases of illness with skin rash  Oct. 22: Colombia confirms cases of Zika Oct. 30: Brazil reports increase in microcephaly, abnormally small heads, among newborns Nov. 11: Brazil declares public health emergency  November 2015-January 2016: Cases reported in Suriname, Panama, El Salvador, Mexico, Guatemala, Paraguay, Venezuela, French Guiana,  Martinique, Puerto Rico, Guyana, Ecuador, Barbados, Bolivia, Dominican Republic, Nicaragua, Curacao, Jamaica Feb. 1: World Health Organization (WHO) declares public health emergency of international concern Feb. 2: First case of Zika transmission in United States; local health officials say likely contracted through sex, not mosquito bite Feb. 5: U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says virus being actively transmitted in 30 countries, mostly in the Americas Feb. 8: U.S. President Barack Obama requests $1.8 billion to fight Zika Feb. 12: Brazil investigating potential link between Zika infections and 4,314 suspected cases of microcephaly. Of those, 462 confirmed as microcephaly and 41 determined to be linked to virus  Feb. 17: Brazil investigating potential link between Zika and 4,443 suspected cases of microcephaly. Of those, 508 confirmed as microcephaly and most of those cases are linked to the virus. WHO seeks $56 million to fight Zika. Feb. 18: CDC adds Aruba and Bonaire to countries and territories with active outbreaks, bringing total to 32. Feb. 23: CDC investigating 14 cases of possible sexual transmission of Zika. CDC also adds Trinidad and Tobago and Marshall Islands to countries and territories with active outbreaks, bringing total to 34. Feb. 25: Brazil says confirmed microcephaly cases number more than 580 and considers most of them to be related to Zika infections in the mothers. Brazil is investigating an additional 4,100 suspected cases of microcephaly. Feb. 27: France detects first sexually transmitted case of Zika.  Feb. 29: CDC adds St. Maarten, and Saint Vincent and the Grenadines to countries and territories with active outbreaks, bringing total to 36. March 1: Brazil says confirmed microcephaly cases rose to 641 and considers most of them to be related to Zika infections in the mothers. Brazil is investigating an additional 4,222 suspected cases of microcephaly. March 8: WHO advises pregnant women to avoid areas with Zika outbreak and said sexual transmission of the virus is “relatively common.” March 9: CDC adds New Caledonia to countries and territories with active outbreaks, bringing total to 37. March 15: Cuba reports first case of Zika contracted in the country. March 16: Cape Verde identifies first case of microcephaly. March 18: CDC says during Jan. 1, 2015 to Feb. 26, 2016, 116 residents of the United States had evidence of recent Zika virus infection based on laboratory testing. Brazil says confirmed microcephaly cases rose to 863 and considers most of them to be related to Zika infections in the mothers. Brazil is investigating an additional 4,268 suspected cases of microcephaly. March 19: CDC adds Cuba to countries and territories with active outbreaks, bringing total to 38. March 21: South Korea confirms first case of Zika. March 22: CDC adds Dominica to countries and territories with active outbreaks, bringing total to 39. Bangladesh confirms first case of Zika virus. Brazil says confirmed microcephaly cases rose to 907 and considers most of them to be related to Zika infections in the mothers. Brazil is investigating an additional 4,293 suspected cases of microcephaly. March 29: Brazil says confirmed microcephaly cases rose to 944 and considers most of them to be related to Zika infections in the mothers. Brazil said the number of suspected cases of microcephaly dropped slightly to 4,291. March 31: According to the World Health Organization, there is a strong scientific consensus that Zika can cause the birth defect microcephaly as well as Guillain-Barre syndrome, a rare neurological disorder that can result in paralysis, though conclusive proof may take months or years.  April 1: CDC adds Kosrae, Federated States of Micronesia to countries and territories with active outbreaks, bringing total to 40. April 4: CDC adds Fiji to countries and territories with active outbreaks, bringing total to 41. April 5: Vietnam reports first Zika infections. April 6: Brazil says confirmed microcephaly cases rose to 1,046 and considers most of them to be related to Zika infections in the mothers. The number of suspected cases of microcephaly dropped to 4,046. April 7: St. Lucia confirms first two cases of Zika, contracted locally. April 12: Brazil says confirmed microcephaly cases rose to 1,113 and considers most of them to be related to Zika infections in the mothers. The number of suspected cases of microcephaly dropped to 3,836. It was the second week in a row that the overall total figure fell. April 13: The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention concluded that infection with the Zika virus in pregnant women is a cause of the birth defect microcephaly and other severe brain abnormalities in babies. The CDC said now that the causal relationship has been established, several important questions must still be answered with studies that could take years. CDC adds St. Lucia to countries and territories with active outbreaks, bringing total to 42. April 14: Colombia confirms two microcephaly cases linked to Zinka. April 18: Peru reports first case of sexually transmitted Zika virus. CDC adds Belize to countries and territories with active outbreaks, bringing total to 43. April 19: Chilean authorities find Zika mosquito for first time in decades. April 25: Canada confirms first sexually transmitted Zika case. April 26: Brazil says the number of confirmed cases of microcephaly climbed to 1,198 from 1,168 in the week through April 23, but suspected ones under investigation continued to decline to 3,710 from 3,741 a week ago. Brazil registered 91,387 likely cases of the Zika virus from February until April 2, the health ministry said, in its first national report on the epidemic. April 29: Puerto Rico reports first death related to Zika, according to the CDC. The country also confirmed 683 Zika cases, including 65 pregnant women, and five suspected cases of Guillain-Barre syndrome from Zika, the CDC reported. May 4: Panama confirms four microcephaly cases tied to Zika. May 6: Spain gets first case of Zika-related brain defect in a fetus.       May 9: CDC adds Papua New Guinea, Saint Barthelemy and Peru to countries and territories with active outbreaks, bringing total to 46. Honduras suspects first case of microcephaly in Zika patient. May 11: Brazil says the number of confirmed cases of microcephaly dropped to 1,326 in the week through May 7 as doctors and Brazilian health officials find that some suspected cases of microcephaly are not the disorder. Suspected ones under investigation continued to decline to 3,433. May 12: CDC adds Grenada to countries and territories with active outbreaks, bringing total to 47. May 13: Puerto Rico reports first case of Zika-related microcephaly. May 20: WHO says an outbreak of Zika virus on the African island chain of Cape Verde is of the same strain as the one blamed for birth abnormalities in Brazil. May 24: Brazil reports the number of confirmed cases of microcephaly at 1,434 for the latest week to May 21. Suspected ones under investigation declined to 3,257. May 26: CDC adds Argentina to countries and territories with active outbreaks, bringing total to 48. June 9: WHO issues updated guidelines on prevention of sexual transmission of the Zika virus, including advising women living in areas where the virus is being transmitted to delay getting pregnant. June 14: El Salvador confirms first case of microcephaly linked to Zika. SOURCES: World Health Organization, U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Reuters ",1
9009,Factbox: Why the Zika virus is causing alarm,"Global health officials are racing to better understand the Zika virus behind a major outbreak that began in Brazil last year and has spread to many countries in the Americas.  The following are some questions and answers about the virus and current outbreak: How do people become infected? Zika is transmitted to people through the bite of infected female mosquitoes, primarily the Aedes aegypti mosquito, the same type that spreads dengue, chikungunya and yellow fever. The Pan American Health Organization (PAHO) said Aedes mosquitoes are found in all countries in the Americas except Canada and continental Chile, and the virus will likely reach all countries and territories of the region where Aedes mosquitoes are found. How do you treat Zika? There is no treatment or vaccine for Zika infection. Companies and scientists are racing to develop a safe and effective vaccine for Zika, but the World Health Organization (WHO) had said it would take at least 18 months to start large-scale clinical trials of potential preventative shots. How dangerous is it? The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention concluded that infection with the Zika virus in pregnant women is a cause of the birth defect microcephaly and other severe brain abnormalities in babies. The CDC said now that the causal relationship has been established, several important questions must still be answered with studies that could take years. According to the World Health Organization, there is strong scientific consensus that Zika can cause the birth defect microcephaly in babies, a condition defined by unusually small heads that can result in developmental problems. In addition, the agency said it could cause Guillain-Barre syndrome, a rare neurological disorder that can result in paralysis. Conclusive proof of the damage caused by Zika may take months or years. Brazil reports the number of confirmed cases of microcephaly at 1,434 through May 21 as doctors and Brazilian health officials find that some suspected cases of microcephaly are not the disorder. Suspected ones under investigation declined to 3,257. Colombia confirmed two cases of microcephaly linked to Zika. Brazil registered 91,387 likely cases of the Zika virus from February until April 2. Current research in Brazil indicates the greatest microcephaly risk is associated with infection during the first trimester of pregnancy, but health officials have warned an impact could be seen in later weeks. Recent studies have shown evidence of Zika in amniotic fluid, placenta and fetal brain tissue. What are the symptoms of Zika infection?     People infected with Zika may have a mild fever, skin rash, conjunctivitis, muscle and joint pain and fatigue that can last for two to seven days. But as many as 80 percent of people infected never develop symptoms. The symptoms are similar to those of dengue or chikungunya, which are transmitted by the same type of mosquito. How can Zika be contained? Efforts to control the spread of the virus focus on eliminating mosquito breeding sites and taking precautions against mosquito bites such as using insect repellent and mosquito nets. U.S. and international health officials have advised pregnant women to avoid travel to Latin American and Caribbean countries where they may be exposed to Zika. Cases of sexual transmission have also been reported, prompting health officials to advise use of condoms, or abstaining from sex, to prevent infection between partners. How widespread is the outbreak? Active Zika outbreaks have been reported in at least 48 countries or territories, most of them in the Americas, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Brazil has been the country most affected. (1.usa.gov/1ovAJyh) Africa (1): Cape Verde  Americas (39): Argentina, Aruba, Barbados, Belize, Bolivia, Bonaire, Brazil, Colombia, Costa Rica, Cuba, Curaçao, Dominica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, El Salvador, French Guiana, Grenada, Guadeloupe, Guatemala, Guyana, Haiti, Honduras, Jamaica, Martinique, Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Puerto Rico, Saint Barthelmy, Saint Lucia, Saint Martin, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, St. Maarten, Suriname, Trinidad and Tobago, U.S. Virgin Islands and Venezuela Oceania/Pacific Islands (8): American Samoa, Fiji, Kosrae, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, New Caledonia, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, and Tonga.  What is the history of the Zika virus? The Zika virus is found in tropical locales with large mosquito populations. Outbreaks of Zika have been recorded in Africa, the Americas, Southern Asia and the Western Pacific. The virus was first identified in Uganda in 1947 in rhesus monkeys and was first identified in people in 1952 in Uganda and Tanzania, according to the WHO.  Can Zika be transmitted through sexual contact? The World Health Organization (WHO) said sexual transmission is “relatively common” and has advised pregnant women not to travel to areas with ongoing outbreaks of Zika virus. It also  advised women living in areas where the virus is being transmitted to delay getting pregnant. The U.S. CDC is investigating about a dozen cases of possible sexual transmission. All cases involve possible transmission of the virus from men to their sex partners. The WHO has also identified Zika cases in Argentina, Chile, France, Italy and New Zealand as likely caused by sexual transmission.  British health officials reported Zika was found in a man’s semen two months after he was infected, suggesting the virus may linger in semen long after infection symptoms fade. The PAHO said Zika can be transmitted through blood, but this is an infrequent transmission mechanism. There is no evidence Zika can be transmitted to babies through breast milk. What other complications are associated with Zika? Zika has also been associated with other neurological disorders, including serious brain and spinal cord infections. The long-term health consequences of Zika infection are unclear. Other uncertainties surround the incubation period of the virus and how Zika interacts with other viruses that are transmitted by mosquitoes, such as dengue. ",1
9010,Obama briefed on man who took hostages in German cinema: White House,"ABOARD AIR FORCE ONE (Reuters) - The White House said on Thursday that President Barack Obama had been briefed about a masked man who took hostages at a cinema in western Germany and was later killed by police. White House spokesman Eric Schultz told reporters that U.S. officials were in contact with their German counterparts about the situation, but had no further details. ",1
9011,Trump will not ask donors to repay nearly $50 million in campaign loans,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Donald Trump has forgiven nearly $50 million in loans he made to his presidential campaign, he said on Thursday, signaling to donors that future contributions will be used to fight Democrat Hillary Clinton and not to repay himself. The announcement that Trump will not seek repayment of the loans via contributions came amid concerns from his backers that he does not have enough money to fund his campaign for the Nov. 8 election. He had only $1.3 million in cash to start the month. “I have absolutely no intention of paying myself back for the nearly $50 million dollars I have loaned to the campaign,” the presumptive Republican nominee said in a statement. The New York developer has suggested he could use more of his personal wealth to help win the White House. “(Trump) has also said he will contribute significantly more money,” Steve Mnuchin, the top fundraiser for Trump’s campaign, said in an interview on CNBC earlier on Thursday. Mnuchin was the first to say that Trump would forgive the loans. Although Trump has said he has “unlimited” personal wealth to fund his White House run, a Reuters review of his financial disclosures suggests he does not have enough cash to see his campaign through to Election Day. Gaylord Hughey, a Texas-based fundraiser supporting Trump, called Trump’s decision to forgive the loans “unprecedented.” “I think it indicates that he’s all in and he wants every dollar to be spent toward a successful campaign for the general election,” Hughey said. Hughey, who as a bundler collects donations from other supporters, said Trump was broadening the pool of donors in addition to gaining support from people who historically donate to Republicans.  “We’ve had new folks come in as major donors unexpectedly,” Hughey said. Mnuchin also told CNBC that Trump had seen a strong uptick in fundraising in the past week. He said Trump raised about $10 million in conjunction with the Republican Party at fundraising events this week. Trump also raised $6 million through online donations, Mnuchin said, following the wealthy New York businessman’s first attempt to appeal to supporters to contribute to his campaign. “We’ve really ramped up the effort this month,” Mnuchin said.  Supporters began worrying on Monday after Trump’s campaign revealed weak fundraising totals. He began June far behind Clinton, who had a $42 million war chest to start the month. Candidates need a hefty bank account to fund a presidential bid, including hundreds of millions of dollars for television advertising and staff. Trump has benefited from extensive media coverage but could be buried in attack ads if he lacks the funds to push his own message. Mnuchin said Trump’s numbers at the beginning of June were “irrelevant” because his fundraising efforts for the general election only started recently.  Trump funded his campaign for the Republican nomination largely through his own personal wealth, putting money into his campaign in the form of loans. By leaving them as loans, he would be entitled to seek repayment from his campaign. By converting the loans into contributions, Trump is telling his supporters he will not seek repayment via contributions. There are no legal limits on how much candidates can contribute to their own campaigns, in contrast to caps on how much an individual, company or group can give. Trump only began fundraising in earnest at the end of May. His campaign has said that donations have been “pouring in” since he started seeking contributions.  On Tuesday, Trump attended a dinner fundraiser in Manhattan, where the attendees included billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn, Anthony Scaramucci of SkyBridge Capital and hedge fund manager John Paulson. Woody Johnson, owner of the New York Jets football team, hosted a breakfast fundraiser for Trump at a restaurant in the city. Trump’s campaign was working to quickly raise large sums via a joint fundraising agreement with the Republican National Committee and several state Republican parties.  A presidential candidate can only accept up to $5,400 from an individual donor. The joint fundraising agreement allows Trump to accept checks as high as $450,000. The donations are then divided up between the campaign and the state funds.  That money is then used to hire staff and contact voters in battleground states, efforts intended to help elect Trump and other Republicans running for office. Such states are hotly contested because their voters can swing either to Republicans or Democrats and play a decisive role in White House contests. ",1
9012,U.S. Senate advances compromise gun control measure,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate on Thursday advanced a compromise gun control plan to stop people on some terrorism watch lists from buying guns, in the wake of the June 12th mass shooting in Orlando, Florida. While the measure, spearheaded by Susan Collins, a Republican from Maine, cleared one procedural hurdle, it was not clear if the Senate would move further ahead on it. Passing the bill in the House of Representatives could also be an uphill battle.  ",1
9013,"Latest gun control bid falters in Congress, Democrat sit-in ends","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Another attempt at gun control faltered in the U.S. Congress on Thursday despite outrage at the Orlando massacre, as a proposed ban on firearms sales to people being monitored for links to terrorism barely avoided being killed in the Senate. In a procedural vote, the Senate narrowly rejected an attempt to scrap the plan by Republican Senator Susan Collins to prevent guns getting into the hands of people on two U.S. government terrorism watch lists.  But the proposal looked short of the support it would need to advance through the chamber, and Republican leaders said the Senate would switch from debating gun control to other matters until at least after the July 4 holiday.         It was the latest setback for proponents of gun restrictions who have been thwarted for years on Capitol Hill by gun rights defenders and the National Rifle Association.     Frequent efforts at gun control have failed despite anger at mass shootings like the killings at an elementary school in Newtown, Connecticut, in 2012 and in San Bernardino, California, last year.  “Eventually this problem will get addressed again one of two ways: We find a breakthrough, which I will seek, or there will be another terrorist attack which will bring us right back to this issue. I hope we can do it without another terrorist attack,” said Senator Lindsey Graham, a Republican who supported Collins.        A few hours earlier, Democratic lawmakers ended a sit-in protest in the House of Representatives over guns. Fueled by Chinese food and pizzas, dozens of them stayed on the House floor all night, at times bursting into the civil rights anthem “We Shall Overcome” before giving up their protest after 25 hours.         “It’s not a struggle that lasts for one day, or one week, or one month, or one year,” said Representative John Lewis, a Democrat from Georgia and a key figure in the civil rights protests of the 1960s. “We’re going to win the struggle,” said Lewis, who led the House sit-in.     Dramatic protests by legislators are rare in the U.S. Capitol and the sit-in underscored how sensitive the gun control issue became after this month’s Florida attack, the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history. Opinion polls show Americans are increasingly in favor of more restrictions on guns in a country with more than 310 million weapons, about one for every citizen.      After a gunman pledging allegiance to Islamic State fatally shot 49 people at a gay nightclub in Orlando, some senators had seen resistance to gun restrictions softening because the issue had partly become one of national security. But Collins’ measure received only 52 votes in the 100-seat Senate test vote, short of the 60 votes that would be needed for  approval in future Senate procedural votes.  While her plan could be revived next month, it is unclear if she has the momentum to overcome pro-gun rights forces in Congress who argue that gun control measures in Congress have been too restrictive and trample on the constitutional right to bear arms. Four other gun control measures failed earlier this week.              Collins, a Maine lawmaker, wants to forbid gun sales to anyone on the U.S. government’s “No Fly List” for terrorism suspects or the “Selectee List” of people who receive extra security screening at airports.         Despite the lack of legislation, the gun debate has stirred passions. The House Democrats’ sit-in brought an outpouring of grass-roots activity.  Jennifer Hoppe, deputy director of Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America, said that in less than 24 hours from Wednesday, about 130,000 calls were made from supporters of gun control to members of Congress. First lady Michelle Obama backed the House Democrats’ protest. “We have grieved for too many children and wept for too many families after shootings. Chicago. Tucson. Newtown. Charleston. Orlando. #Enough,” she wrote on Twitter on Thursday. The Democrats were seeking votes on legislation to expand background checks for gun purchases, as well as measures to curb the sale of weapons to people on government watch lists             Republicans allied with the NRA gun rights group say that while they want to combat terrorism, they represent constituents who believe firmly in the constitutional right to bear arms.  “It’s a tough issue. For people like myself, who come from a hunting and fishing state, it’s pretty hard,” said Senator Orrin Hatch, a conservative Utah Republican who voted against Collins.             ",1
9014,Senate to hold vote on stopping gun control bill: Corker,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republicans aimed to hold a vote on Thursday on whether to set aside bipartisan compromise gun control legislation that has been under negotiation for several days, Republican Senator Bob Corker told reporters. The Senate was also expected to hold a similar vote on a more conservative Republican measure. It was not clear what the result of the two votes would be. ",1
9015,Republican lawmakers approve $1.1 billion in new Zika funds,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives on Thursday agreed to $1.1 billion to fight the Zika virus, short-changing President Barack Obama’s $1.9 billion funding request and angering Democrats by making other cuts to pay for it. The House approved a funding deal that had been agreed to on Wednesday by Republicans from both the House and Senate. But the bill’s future was uncertain in the Senate, where the Democratic minority has more power to stop legislation, and Democratic leader Harry Reid has declared his opposition. “It is a responsible plan that assures the administration will continue to have the needed resources to protect the public,” Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan said. Republicans said the deal included funding for fiscal years 2016 and 2017.  But the White House said the allocation fell short.  “This plan from congressional Republicans is four months late and nearly a billion dollars short of what our public health experts have said is necessary to do everything possible to fight the Zika virus, and steals funding from other health priorities,” White House press secretary Josh Earnest said in a statement before the House voted. Earnest said the Republican plan would limit needed birth control services for women seeking to prevent Zika, which can be spread through unprotected sex — “a clear indication they don’t take seriously the threat from the Zika virus.”  Democrats have been urging Republicans for months to agree to more Zika funding, and the Obama administration has already reprogrammed nearly $600 million that had been set aside to fight Ebola. House Democrats said they could not go along with the deal because of $750 million in budget cuts elsewhere that the Republicans want to use to pay for the Zika spending.  Senate Democrats also voiced displeasure, clouding the outlook for it passing. “A narrowly partisan proposal that cuts off women’s access to birth control, shortchanges veterans and rescinds Obamacare funds to cover the cost is not a serious response to the threat from the Zika virus,” Reid said.  Still, Ryan urged the Senate to move on the bill.  According to House Appropriations Committee Chairman Hal Rogers, $543 million of the $1.1 billion would come from unspent funds set aside for implementing Obamacare in U.S. territories, while $107 million would come from unused funds to fight another virus, Ebola. Another $100 million would come from unused administrative funds at the Department of Health and Human Services, he said. ",1
9016,Top Senate Democrat Reid backs new gun control proposal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid on Wednesday threw his weight behind legislation being written that would stop gun sales to a limited number of people who are on some terrorism watch lists. “I support Senator (Susan) Collins’ legislation to keep guns and explosives out of the hands of terrorists. Even though it may be a small step forward, at least it is a step forward,” Reid said in a statement. ",1
9017,House Democrats broadcast 'sit-in' on social media after cameras shut down,"(Reuters) - Democrats demanding action on gun control turned to Twitter’s Periscope and Facebook’s live video platform to broadcast their “sit-in” on the floor of the U.S. House of Representatives on Wednesday after the chamber’s cameras shut down. Representative Scott Peters of California told Reuters he downloaded the online video platform Periscope from the House floor after it became clear that chamber cameras were not operating.  “Thanks to them, the American people got to look in on and listen to what is taking place this floor,” U.S. Representative James Clyburn of South Carolina said in praise of the platform. The protest was the latest move by Democrats to persuade the Republican majority in Congress to take up votes on gun control measures in response to last week’s mass shooting in Orlando, Florida, the deadliest in modern U.S. history. “The speaker (Paul Ryan) controls the cameras,” Peters said. “We noticed that over lunch, he turned them off - allowed them to be turned off.” A spokesman for Twitter said that tweets from Peters’ account containing the Periscope footage had been viewed over 800,000 times as of Wednesday night. Ryan’s spokesman, AshLee Strong, said in a statement:     “The House cannot operate without members following the rules of the institution, so the House has recessed subject to the call of the chair.” At about noon EDT, presiding House officer and Republican Representative Ted Poe declared the House not in order, as Democratic protesters sat at the front of the chamber. Cable news channel C-SPAN, which typically uses the House cameras to broadcast live footage of Congress, broadcast Peters’ Periscope and other lawmakers’ feeds. Other news networks and cable news channels, including MSNBC, FOX and CNN, also ran parts of the footage. C-SPAN communications director Howard Mortman said it was the first time the channel broadcast a live social media feed from the House floor. “The House controls the cameras and that means they control the camera angles, the audio, video, the whole thing,” Mortman said. “We’re using social media platforms to show what’s happening.” “With official broadcasts suspended in the House, we’ve created a channel to follow #NoBillNoBreak on #Periscope live,” Periscope said in a tweet. Peters said about five or six Democratic House members had broadcast live video during the sit-in. Late Wednesday, lawmakers cheered their thanks during one of his feeds that aired on C-SPAN. One representative, Eric Swalwell of California, published live video from the House floor to Facebook. #NoBillNoBreak became a rallying cry for gun control supporters on Twitter and quickly became the top-trending hashtag in the United States on the social media platform. Politicians and average social media users alike used the hashtag as a sign of solidarity with the sit-in. “Nowhere I’d rather spend my bday than the House floor w/ @repjohnlewis for gun control. #NoBillNoBreak #goodtrouble,” tweeted Senator Elizabeth Warren, who is mentioned as a potential running mate for presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. ",1
