id,title,text,label
15030,U.N. official says will raise sexual violence against Rohingya with ICC,"DHAKA (Reuters) - A senior United Nations official said on Sunday she would raise the issue of persecution of Myanmar s Rohingya minority, especially sexual violence and torture, with the International Criminal Court (ICC). Pramila Patten, Special Representative of the Secretary- General on Sexual Violence in Conflict, also said around $10 million is needed immediately to deliver specialist services for survivors of gender-based violence. Patten was speaking in the Bangladeshi capital after a three-day visit to the Cox s Bazar region, near the border with Myanmar. There she met women and girls who are among hundreds of thousands of Rohingya that have sought refuge in Bangladesh following a crackdown by Myanmar s military on the predominantly Muslim minority.   When I return to New York I will brief and raise the issue with the prosecutor and president of the ICC whether they (Myanmar s military) can be held responsible for these atrocities,  Patten said after visiting several camps.  Sexual violence is being commanded, orchestrated and perpetrated by the Armed Forces of Myanmar, otherwise known as the Tatmadaw.   Rape is an act and a weapon of genocide.  She said she would brief the U.N. secretary-general on the situation in Cox s Bazar and that her office s annual report, to be presented to the Security Council in March, would include a dedicated section on Myanmar. Patten said brutal acts of sexual violence had occurred in the context of collective persecution that included the killing of adults and children, torture, mutilation and the burning and looting of villages.  The widespread threat and use of sexual violence was a driver and  push factor  for forced displacement on a massive scale, and a calculated tool of terror aimed at the extermination and removal of the Rohingya as a group,  she said.  The forms of sexual violence we consistently heard about from survivors include gang-rape by multiple soldiers, forced public nudity and humiliation, and sexual slavery in military captivity. One survivor was in captivity for 45 days by the Myanmar army.  Patten said that since the first mass influx of refugees into Bangladesh in August, gender-based violence specialists had delivered services to 1,644 survivors of sexual and gender-based violence,  although this is only the tip of the iceberg .  We need full funding for this humanitarian crisis from the international donor community. The burden is too heavy to be borne by the government of Bangladesh alone,  she added, calling for about $10 million of international funding.  Patten said she had been denied access to Myanmar itself.  Myanmar warned on Wednesday that a scolding delivered by the U.N. Security Council could  seriously harm  its talks with Bangladesh over repatriating more than 600,000 Rohingya who have fled Myanmar s Rakhine state since Aug. 25.  The United Nations has denounced the violence during the past 10 weeks as a classic example of ethnic cleansing to drive the Rohingya Muslims out of Buddhist majority Myanmar, an accusation Myanmar rejects. ",1
15031,'Can I get it to go?' Canada's Trudeau charms  Manila while ordering fried chicken,"MANILA (Reuters) - Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau hopped from one table to the next, chatted with people and posed for selfies on Sunday at a fastfood chain store in Manila, charming residents of the Philippines capital for the second time in two years. Trudeau, in Manila for a summit of regional leaders, dropped in at an outlet of fastfood giant Jollibee Foods Corp  after a visit to a nearby women s clinic that advocates family planning, a touchy subject in the Catholic-majority Philippines. He greeted nearly everyone in the store, shaking hands and exchanging hugs with fans after ordering fried chicken and a strawberry float.  Can I get it to go? I ll eat it in the car,  Trudeau said, before going behind the counter for a photograph with Jollibee staff. Earlier, when he landed at Clark airport, a smiling Trudeau waded into a crowd of children gathered to greet dignitaries arriving for the summit, exchanging high fives and waving to others.  During his last visit to Manila, Trudeau won a Twitter poll with the hashtag #APEChottie that asked people to vote for the most attractive leader at the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in 2015.  He s so handsome! And he s very nice,  said 29-year-old Rina Aparicio, among the customers at the fastfood outlet.  I asked for a selfie and he said yes right away.  Outside the store, hundreds of people screamed and shouted  as Trudeau got into his car, waving what appeared to be hastily written placards saying  Welcome to the Philippines!  Trudeau visited the first Jollibee store in Winnipeg, Canada in January, a country with hundreds of thousands of Filipino immigrants. Jollibee, a $5 billion company that has been dubbed the McDonald s of the Philippines, is looking to go global with primary targets including China and the United States.  The company, which also serves burgers and sweet spaghetti, is opening another outlet in Winnipeg this month and plans are to increase that to 30 in five to 10 years, said Jose Minana, a Jollibee executive. Minana said the company did not seek out Trudeau for the visit, and said it was requested by Canadian officials.  We re very humbled by him taking time from his obviously busy schedule to give us a slice of his time,  said Minana.  I d like to also think that he enjoys the food.  ",1
15032,Trump and Vietnam's president underscore free and open access to South China Sea,"(Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and Vietnamese President Tran Dai Quang underscored the importance of free and open access to South China Sea, in a joint statement issued on Sunday. The two leaders called for the  full and effective implementation  of the declaration on the conduct of parties in the South China Sea, and for all claimants to clarify their maritime claims. Trump and Vietnam s Quang said parties should halt escalatory action and militarisation of disputed features. ",1
15033,Britain won't offer a new figure on Brexit bill to unlock talks: minister,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain will not offer a figure or a formula for how much it believes it owes the European Union, Brexit minister David Davis said on Sunday, after the EU demanded that London spell out its approach to the final bill to unblock talks. With no movement in the negotiations to unravel more than 40 years of union, Britain may miss a December deadline to move the talks to a discussion of future trade ties, which businesses say is vital for them to make investment decisions. Both sides are frustrated by the lack of progress, and last week the EU negotiator, Michel Barnier, said Britain had two weeks to spell out how far it would  honour its obligations  to break the deadlock. But Davis told Sky News the EU had agreed Britain would not need to offer  a number or a formula  for the financial deal when London accepted the bloc s schedule for the talks - first a discussion about the divorce and second, about future ties.  In every negotiation, each side tries to control the timetable. The real deadline on this is, of course, December,  Davis said, referring to the next EU summit, taking place in Brussels on Dec. 14-15, when Britain hopes the bloc will launch the next phase of the talks.  (British taxpayers) would not want me to just come along and just give away billions of pounds. So we ve been very, very careful, and it s taking time and we will take our time to get to the right answer.     Prime Minister Theresa May says she cannot offer a figure for the financial settlement until her government knows what the future relationship will be. But she also does not want to inflame Brexit campaigners who have suggested Britain walk away. James Dyson, the billionaire inventor of the bagless vacuum cleaner and a Brexit supporter, said he did not blame the government for the lack of progress.  The problem is with the people we are negotiating with. I think that demanding billions and billions to leave is quite outrageous, and demanding it before we ve negotiated anything is outrageous,  Dyson told the BBC.  So I would walk away.  The so-called Brexit bill is not the only difficult hurdle in the talks so far. The two sides must also reach agreement on the UK border with EU member Ireland - something that Irish officials say is still a long way off. Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said he would not threaten to use a veto on the Brexit talks  at this stage , but Dublin has called on London to go beyond its promise that a  hard  border between Ireland and Northern Ireland will not return. Both Britain and the EU say they are ready for a  no deal  - a message reiterated by the bloc s Barnier in the French weekly Journal du Dimanche, where he also called on Britain to detail which financial commitments it would honor.  Theresa May has committed to paying the contributions of 2019 and 2020, as well as other commitments, without specifying which ones,  Barnier told Journal du Dimanche.  The European taxpayer should not pay the price of a decision made ... by the United Kingdom.  ",1
15034,"Myanmar police arrest Buddhist monk over U.S. embassy protest, newspaper says","YANGON (Reuters) - Myanmar police arrested on Sunday an ultra-nationalist Buddhist monk who has a history of stoking sentiment against Rohingya Muslims, the country s beleaguered minority, a Myanmar newspaper reported. Parmaukkha was held under an arrest warrant for his role in an unauthorized protest outside the U.S. embassy in Yangon last year, according to The Voice s website.  The monk was detained when he went to Dagon Myothit (North) police station in Myanmar s biggest city to apply for permission to protest outside a municipal building. That protest concerned a local issue unrelated to the crisis in Rakhine state, where a military campaign has forced more than 600,000 Rohingya to flee to Bangladesh since late August. Reuters was unable to contact the station or Yangon s police chief by telephone. The arrest comes just days before U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson visits Myanmar on Nov. 15 to meet with the country s leadership for talks on the Rohingya crisis. Parmaukkha was a co-founder of Ma Ba Tha, the Burmese language acronym for the Association for Protection of Race and Religion, but he quit the radical Buddhist and anti-Muslim group last year, citing political differences. Parmaukkha had told Reuters that Ma Ba Tha had lent support to the Union Solidarity and Development Party (USDP) during the 2015 election, in a vain bid to stop Aung San Suu Kyi s National League for Democracy from winning power. The demonstration outside the U.S. embassy in 2016 was to protest the United State s policy of using the term Rohingya for the Muslims in northern parts of Rakhine. Many people in Myanmar regard the largely stateless Rohingya as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh, and they are excluded from the 135  national races  recognized by law. At the time of the protest last year, an embassy spokesman said the United States supports the right to demonstrate and added that  around the world, people have the ability to self-identify . ",1
15035,Lebanese president presses Saudi to say why Hariri has not returned,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s president called on Saudi Arabia on Saturday to clarify why Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri could not return home, a week after he stunned his country by resigning while in the kingdom. A senior Lebanese official said President Michel Aoun had told foreign ambassadors Hariri had been  kidnapped  and should have immunity. Hariri s shock resignation has thrust Lebanon back into the frontline of a power struggle between Sunni Saudi Arabia and Shi ite Iran - a rivalry that has wrought upheaval in Syria, Iraq, Yemen, and Bahrain.  Lebanon does not accept its prime minister being in a situation at odds with international treaties,  Aoun said in a statement. He said any comment or move by Hariri  does not reflect reality  due to the questions over his status following his resignation in a broadcast from Saudi Arabia.  Lebanese authorities believe Riyadh is detaining Hariri who flew to Saudi Arabia on Nov. 3, two top Lebanese government officials, a senior politician close to Hariri and a fourth source have said. French President Emmanuel Macron echoed similar concerns, saying in a call with Aoun on Saturday that  Lebanese political leaders should enjoy freedom of movement . Macron, who made an unscheduled visit to Riyadh earlier this week, will receive the Lebanese foreign minister in Paris on Tuesday, the Elysee statement said. Riyadh says Hariri is free and decided to resign because Iran s Lebanese ally, Hezbollah, was calling the shots in his coalition government. Hariri has made no public remarks since quitting last week, when he said he feared assassination and accused Iran along with Hezbollah of sowing strife in the Arab world. Hariri, whose family made its fortune in the Saudi construction industry, has also given no sign of when he might return to Beirut. The Lebanese premier took part in a ceremony in Riyadh on Saturday welcoming Saudi King Salman from Medina, his media office said. Hariri met with the Turkish and British ambassadors at his Riyadh home in the afternoon, it said. Sources close to Hariri say Saudi Arabia has concluded that the prime minister - a long-time Saudi ally - had to go because he was unwilling to confront Hezbollah. His phone was confiscated after he arrived in Riyadh, and the next day he was forced to resign on a Saudi TV channel, senior sources close to Hariri and top Lebanese political and security officials said. Aoun wants Saudi Arabia,  with which we have brotherly ties and deeply rooted friendship, to clarify the reasons preventing Prime Minister Hariri s return,  his office said. France and other Western countries have looked on with alarm at the rising tensions in the region.  We would like Saad al-Hariri to have all his freedom of movement and be fully able to play the essential role that is his in Lebanon,  a French foreign ministry spokesman said on Friday. Hariri s resignation unraveled a political deal among Lebanon s rival factions that made him prime minister and Aoun, a Hezbollah ally, president last year. The coalition government included Shi ite Hezbollah, a heavily armed military and political organization. Hezbollah leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah said on Friday that Saudi had declared war on Lebanon and his group, accusing Riyadh of forcing Hariri to resign to destabilize Lebanon. The comments mirrored an accusation by Riyadh earlier this week that Lebanon and Hezbollah had declared war on the Gulf Arab kingdom. Hariri s political party denounced on Saturday Iranian intervention in Arab countries and attacks against Saudi Arabia. The Future Movement party said it stands by the premier and was  waiting impatiently for his return to Lebanon to handle his national responsibilities in leading this stage.  In a statement, the United States called Hariri  a trusted partner  and referred to him as prime minister. The White House  rejects any efforts by militias within Lebanon or by any foreign forces to threaten Lebanon s stability ... or use Lebanon as a base from which to threaten others in the region,  it said. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson had told reporters on Friday there was no indication Hariri was being held against his will but that the United States was monitoring the situation. The resignation of Hariri comes amid an anti-corruption purge in Riyadh in which dozens of senior princes and businessmen have been rounded up. ",1
15036,Exclusive: How Saudi Arabia turned on Lebanon's Hariri,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - From the moment Saad al-Hariri s plane touched down in Saudi Arabia on Friday Nov. 3, he was in for a surprise. There was no line-up of Saudi princes or ministry officials, as would typically greet a prime minister on an official visit to King Salman, senior sources close to Hariri and top Lebanese political and security officials said. His phone was confiscated, and the next day he was forced to resign as prime minister in a statement broadcast by a Saudi-owned TV channel. The move thrust Lebanon back to the forefront of a struggle that is reshaping the Middle East, between the conservative Sunni monarchy of Saudi Arabia and Shi ite revolutionary Iran. Their rivalry has fueled conflicts in Iraq, Syria and Yemen, where they back opposing sides, and now risks destabilizing Lebanon, where Saudi has long tried to weaken the Iran-backed Hezbollah group, Lebanon s main political power and part of the ruling coalition. Sources close to Hariri say Saudi Arabia has concluded that the prime minister - a long-time Saudi ally and son of late prime minister Rafik al-Hariri, who was assassinated in 2005 - had to go because he was unwilling to confront Hezbollah. Multiple Lebanese sources say Riyadh hopes to replace Saad Hariri with his older brother Bahaa as Lebanon s top Sunni politician. Bahaa is believed to be in Saudi Arabia and members of the Hariri family have been asked to travel there to pledge allegiance to him, but have refused, the sources say.  When Hariri s plane landed in Riyadh, he got the message immediately that something was wrong,  a Hariri source told Reuters.  There was no one was waiting for him.   Saudi Arabia has dismissed suggestions it forced Hariri to resign and says he is a free man. Saudi officials could not immediately be reached for comment on the circumstances of his arrival, whether his phone had been taken, or whether the Kingdom was planning to replace him with his brother. Hariri has given no public remarks since he resigned and no indication of when he might return to Lebanon. Hariri was summoned to the Kingdom to meet Saudi King Salman in a phone call on Thursday night, Nov. 2. Before departing, he told his officials they would resume their discussions on Monday. He told his media team he would see them at the weekend in the Red Sea resort of Sharm al-Sheikh, where he was due to meet Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi on the sidelines of the World Youth Forum. Hariri went to his Riyadh home. His family made their fortune in Saudi Arabia and have long had properties there. The source close to Hariri said the Lebanese leader received a call from a Saudi protocol official on Saturday morning, who asked him to attend a meeting with Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman.  He waited for about four hours before being presented with his resignation speech to read on television, the source said.  From the moment he arrived they (Saudis) showed no respect for the man,  another senior Lebanese political source said. Hariri frequently visits Saudi Arabia. On a trip a few days earlier, Prince Mohammed bin Salman had arranged for him to see senior intelligence officials and Gulf Affairs Minister Thamer al-Sabhan, the Saudi point man on Lebanon. Hariri came back from that trip to Beirut  pleased and relaxed , sources in his entourage said. He posted a selfie with Sabhan, both of them smiling. He told aides he had heard  encouraging statements  from the crown prince, including a promise to revive a Saudi aid package for the Lebanese army. The Hariri sources say Hariri believed he had convinced Saudi officials of the need to maintain an entente with Hezbollah for the sake of Lebanon s stability. Hezbollah has a heavily armed fighting force, in addition to seats in parliament and government. Saudi-backed efforts to weaken the group in Lebanon a decade ago led to Sunni-Shi ite clashes and a Hezbollah takeover of Beirut.   What happened in those meetings, I believe, is that (Hariri) revealed his position on how to deal with Hezbollah in Lebanon: that confrontation would destabilize the country. I think they didn t like what they heard,  said one of the sources, who was briefed on the meetings. The source said Hariri told Sabhan not to  hold us responsible for something that is beyond my control or that of Lebanon.  But Hariri underestimated the Saudi position on Hezbollah, the source said.  For the Saudis it is an existential battle. It s black and white. We in Lebanon are used to gray,  the source said. Sabhan could not immediately be reached for comment. Hariri s resignation speech shocked his team. Lebanese President Michel Aoun, a Hezbollah ally, told ambassadors to Lebanon that Saudi Arabia had kidnapped Hariri, a senior Lebanese official said. On Friday, France said it wanted Hariri to have  all his freedom of movement . In his speech, Hariri said he feared assassination and accused Iran and Hezbollah of sowing strife in the region. He said the Arab world would  cut off the hands that wickedly extend to it,  language which one source close to him said was not typical of the Lebanese leader. Hariri s resignation came as more than 200 people, including 11 Saudi princes, current and former ministers and tycoons, were arrested in an anti-corruption purge in Saudi Arabia. Initially there was speculation Hariri was a target of that campaign because of his family s business interests. But sources close to the Lebanese leader said his forced resignation was motivated by Saudi efforts to counter Iran. Hariri was taken to meet the Saudi king after his resignation. Footage was aired on Saudi TV. He was then flown to Abu Dhabi to meet Crown Prince Mohammed bin Zayed, the Saudi crown prince s main regional ally. He returned to Riyadh and has since received Western ambassadors. Sources close to Hariri said the Saudis, while keeping Hariri under house arrest, were trying to orchestrate a change of leadership in Hariri s Future Movement by installing his elder brother Bahaa, who was overlooked for the top job when their father was killed. The two have been at odds for years. In a statement, the Future Movement said it stood fully behind Hariri as its leader. Hariri aide and Interior Minister Nohad Machnouk dismissed the idea Bahaa was being positioned to replace his brother:  We are not herds of sheep or a plot of land whose ownership can be moved from one person to another. In Lebanon things happen though elections not pledges of allegiances.  Family members, aides and politicians who have contacted Hariri in Riyadh say he is apprehensive and reluctant to say anything beyond  I am fine . Asked if he is coming back, they say his normal answer is:  Inshallah  (God willing). ",1
15037,Hariri's party condemns attacks against Saudi Arabia: statement,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The party of Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri, who unexpectedly quit a week ago while in Saudi Arabia, denounced on Saturday attacks against the kingdom and Iranian intervention in Arab countries. Hariri s Future Movement political party said it stands by him and was  waiting impatiently for his return to Lebanon to handle his national responsibilities in leading this stage.  Hariri s shock resignation, in a broadcast from Riyadh last week, has plunged Lebanon into crisis and thrust it back into the forefront of regional rivalry between Iran and Saudi Arabia. ",1
15038,"Ireland will not threaten to veto Brexit talks 'at this stage', PM says","DUBLIN (Reuters) - Ireland will not threaten to use a veto on Brexit talks  at this stage  over the lack of progress on the Irish border as Dublin is in a very strong position with all EU member states behind it, Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said on Sunday. Brussels wants three issues broadly solved before it decides in December whether talks can move on to a second phase about trade: the exit bill, safeguarding expatriate rights and the border between Ireland and Northern Ireland, which will be the UK s only land frontier with the EU after its departure. After the latest round of negotiations this week, Ireland said there was still a way to go between the two teams on the border before moving on to trade, raising the possibility that Dublin could block the sides advancing if it is not satisfied.   The question is very much a hypothetical one, we don t know if Ireland will be the only outstanding issue in December. What I m not going to do at this stage, I m not going to make ultimatums or threaten to use a veto,  Varadkar told Irish national broadcaster RTE.  The one thing we ve managed to do in the 18 months since the (Brexit) referendum is to totally align ourselves with all 27 member states. From Berlin to Bucharest, they re all behind us, and that puts us in a very strong position.  The Irish government has called on Britain to do more than simply promise that a  hard  border will not return between it and Northern Ireland, which until a 1998 peace deal was separated by military checkpoints due to 30 years of sectarian violence in the British province. Varadkar said on Friday that the best way to achieve this was by maintaining the same regulations on both sides of the border, adding that this did not amount to a demand that any part of the UK remain in the EU customs union. Varadkar had sounded a positive note earlier in the week when he said it was likely enough progress would be made by the December 14-15 summit of EU leaders to give a green light.  I think the December deadline can be met, I think it is possible to move on to phase two of the talks. We want to do that,  he told Ireland s Newstalk radio station in a separate interview on Sunday.  But we can t do that until we ve sorted out the phase one issues that are particular to Ireland and if we can t sort it out by December, so be it, we ll go into the New Year.  ",1
15039,"UK's Johnson has ""constructive"" call with husband of jailed aid worker: Sky","LONDON (Reuters) - British foreign minister Boris Johnson had a  constructive  conversation with the husband of Iranian-British aid worker Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe who is jailed in Iran, Sky News reported on Sunday. Citing unnamed sources, Sky said Johnson had spoken on the phone with Richard Ratcliffe. It gave no further details. ",1
15040,Kremlin: U.S. to blame for no Putin-Trump bilateral meeting in Vietnam,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Sunday that inflexibility on the part of the United States was to blame for the lack of a bilateral meeting  between Russia s President Vladimir Putin and U.S. President Donald Trump during a summit in Vietnam. Trump and Putin met briefly on the sidelines of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Vietnam on Saturday and agreed on a joint statement supporting a political solution for Syria, but did not hold substantive bilateral talks.  Unfortunately the American side did not offer any alternatives despite all efforts of our Russian colleagues. There was only one time offered that was convenient for the American side, and only one place offered, which had already been rented by the Americans,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov was quoted as saying by the RIA news agency.  The Americans showed no flexibility, and unfortunately did not offer any other alternative proposals. That is why the meeting could not happen,  Peskov added. Putin himself said on Saturday the lack of a bilateral meeting with Trump in Vietnam was due to both leaders  schedules and protocol obstacles that their teams had been unable to  overcome. Allegations that Trump s election campaign colluded with Moscow last year to turn voters away from Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton have hampered the president s efforts to improve frosty U.S.-Russian relations. Putin renewed his denial of the allegations during his brief meeting with Trump on Saturday. Trump has previously said the accusations of collusion were a hoax. ",1
15041,Trump asked Putin if allegations of Russian meddling were true: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Donald Trump directly asked Russian President Vladimir Putin during their talks at a weekend summit in Vietnam whether allegations of Russian meddling in last year s U.S. presidential election were true, RIA news agency reported on Sunday. The U.S. president said on Saturday he believed Putin s denial of the accusations despite the view of U.S. intelligence agencies that Russian interference did take place. Trump later distanced himself from his remarks. According to RIA, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov, asked how Trump had raised the question about alleged Russian meddling, said:  In fact, Trump asked whether that information could be true, how true it could be, and President Putin, for his part, explained his position, which is that Russia did not interfere in any election and this could not be the case.  Putin also said he did not understand  the groundless statements on the issue being made in the United States , Peskov added. The Russian issue has clouded Trump s first year in office. Trump s initial comments on Saturday drew criticism at home because U.S. intelligence agencies have long since concluded there was Russian meddling through hacking and the release of emails to embarrass Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. On Sunday, Trump was careful to make clear he sided with the intelligence agencies under his own leadership. He has previously called the allegations of election campaign collusion with Moscow a hoax. ",1
15042,South Africa's opposition asks court to force disclosure of Zuma's legal costs,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s main opposition party said on Sunday it had asked the High Court to force President Jacob Zuma to disclose how much the state has spent on legal fees to fight corruption allegations against him. Democratic Alliance (DA) Federal Council Chairperson James Selfe said in a statement the opposition party had asked the court to direct the President to write to parliament within five days confirming the total amount spent. The DA walked out of a parliamentary session addressed by Zuma on Nov. 2 in protest over the potential cost to the public purse of his legal fees. Zuma had failed to answer a question about how much had been spent since May 1, 2009 to defend 783 corruption charges against him that were dropped by the National Prosecuting Authority (NPA) before he ran for the presidency.   By avoiding the question, the DA believes that both the President, and the Deputy Speaker, Lechesa Tsenoli, presiding at the time who allowed President Zuma to avoid the question, acted unlawfully and unconstitutionally,  Selfe said.  Given that the taxpayer has most likely footed the bill for the President s legal costs, the full amount spent should be revealed, in the public interest.  South Africa s High Court reinstated the 783 charges last year and the Supreme Court upheld that decision in October, rejecting an appeal by Zuma. The 75-year-old president is still trying to prevent the NPA from filing the charges. ",1
15043,South Africa's opposition asks court to force disclosure of Zuma's legal costs,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s main opposition party said on Sunday it had asked the High Court to force President Jacob Zuma to disclose how much the state has spent on legal fees to fight corruption allegations against him. Democratic Alliance (DA) Federal Council Chairperson James Selfe said in a statement the opposition party had asked the court to direct the President to write to parliament within five days confirming the total amount spent. The DA walked out of a parliamentary session addressed by Zuma on Nov. 2 in protest over the potential cost to the public purse of his legal fees. Zuma had failed to answer a question about how much had been spent since May 1, 2009 to defend 783 corruption charges against him that were dropped by the National Prosecuting Authority (NPA) before he ran for the presidency.   By avoiding the question, the DA believes that both the President, and the Deputy Speaker, Lechesa Tsenoli, presiding at the time who allowed President Zuma to avoid the question, acted unlawfully and unconstitutionally,  Selfe said.  Given that the taxpayer has most likely footed the bill for the President s legal costs, the full amount spent should be revealed, in the public interest.  South Africa s High Court reinstated the 783 charges last year and the Supreme Court upheld that decision in October, rejecting an appeal by Zuma. The 75-year-old president is still trying to prevent the NPA from filing the charges. ",1
15044,Turkey has completed purchase of Russian missile defense: defense minister,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey s purchase of Russian S-400 surface-to-air missiles has been completed but Ankara is discussing a further deal with a European consortium to help it develop its own missile defense system, Defense Minister Nurettin Canikli said. The decision by NATO member Turkey to buy the S-400s from Moscow has been seen by some of its Western allies as a snub to the alliance. The deal has also raised concern because the weapons cannot be integrated into NATO defenses. A senior NATO commander told Reuters last week that the alliance would continue to press Ankara to buy weapons that could work together with NATO systems, adding that so far no S-400s had been delivered to Turkey. [nL5N1NE7DI]  It is finished, the S-400 missiles have been bought. The rest is just details now,  Canikli said in televised comments in the Black Sea town of Giresun.  But Turkey was not content with the S-400 deal alone, he added.  We are also making preliminary agreements with the EUROSAM consortium to have this technology to develop, produce and use our own sources for air defense systems,  Canikli said, referring to a joint Franco-Italian defense project. Canikli signed a letter of intent with France and Italy in Brussels on Wednesday to strengthen cooperation in defense projects including missile defense, Turkish defense ministry sources said last week. They said that as a first step, EUROSAM and Turkish companies will look into a system based on the SAMP-T missile system produced by EUROSAM. ",1
15045,Turkey denies 'ludicrous' reports of plan to seize cleric from U.S.,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey has dismissed what it said were ludicrous reports that Turkish officials may have discussed a plan to seize a wanted U.S.-based Muslim cleric and hand him over to Ankara in exchange for millions of dollars. In a statement, the Turkish embassy in Washington repeated Ankara s request for the extradition of the cleric, Fethullah Gulen, who it says masterminded last year s failed military coup, but said Turkey would not operate outside the law to achieve that goal. The statement followed a Wall Street Journal report that Special Counsel Robert Mueller was investigating an alleged proposal under which former U.S. national security adviser Michael Flynn and his son would receive up to $15 million for seizing Gulen and delivering him to the Turkish government. NBC also reported an alleged December 2016 meeting, saying Mueller s team was investigating whether Flynn met senior Turkish officials before President Donald Trump s inauguration about a possible quid pro quo in which Flynn would be paid to do the bidding of Turkey s government while in office.  Turkey and the Turkish people expect the immediate extradition of Fethullah Gulen from the United States to Turkey, so that he can stand trial,  the embassy statement said, in the first official Turkish reaction to the newspaper report.  As we stated previously... all allegations that Turkey would resort to means external to the rule of law for his extradition are utterly false, ludicrous and groundless . Flynn s lawyer said on Friday that allegations made against him  ranging from kidnapping to bribery  were outrageous and false. Around 250 people were killed in the attempted military coup against President Tayyip Erdogan in July last year. Turkey says Gulen orchestrated the failed coup from the United States, where he has lived for nearly two decades. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said he raised the Gulen issue with U.S. Vice President Mike Pence during talks in Washington last week, but said that the extradition request was being handled by the two countries  justice ministries.  We are not dealing with Michael Flynn,  Yildirim told CNN in an interview.  We are dealing with the government of the United States.  Gulen s fate is one of several disagreements between Turkey and the United States. Turkey has been angered by U.S. support for Kurdish fighters in Syria and the indictment of a Turkish former economy minister over alleged violations of U.S. sanctions against Iran. Washington has complained about the detention of two locally employed staff at U.S. consulates in Turkey, and a month ago suspended issuing visas in the country. It partly resumed visa services last week, prompting Ankara to follow suit.   More than 50,000 people, including soldiers, teachers and journalists, have been jailed pending trial in a sweeping crackdown following last year s coup attempt. European allies fear Erdogan is using the investigations to stifle opposition and undermine the judiciary. He has responded by saying that the purges are necessary to maintain stability in a pivotal NATO country bordering Iran, Iraq and Syria. ",1
15046,"Cars burnt, police hurt in Brussels after Morocco World Cup success","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Celebrations in Brussels to mark Morocco s return to soccer s World Cup finals for the first time in two decades turned violent late on Saturday, when crowds clashed with police, setting cars on fire and injuring 22 police officers. Images on social media showed overturned, burning cars and broken shop windows in Brussels city center as well as police trucks firing water cannons at crowds gathered in front of the city s stock exchange. Brussels police said that of some 1,500 people had come to celebrate Morocco s 2-0 win over Ivory Coast, but that around 300 started to behave violently and attacked police officers and firemen called to put out burning cars and dust bins. More than 100,000 people of Moroccan origin live in Brussels. Belgium saw an influx of Moroccan workers in the 1960s and 1970s. Prosecutors said that by Sunday morning no arrests had been made, but Belgium s interior minister vowed to hold those responsible to account, calling the events unacceptable.  The fundamental problem is that such events are used as an excuse for reckless behavior and doing unacceptable things,  Interior Minister Jan Jambon told Belgium s Radio 1.  We have camera images - whoever did this will pay for this, there is no way around it,  Jambon added. ",1
15047,Yemeni airline says not resumed commercial flights after blockade,"ADEN (Reuters) - Yemen s national airline said on Sunday it still lacks the security permits needed to resume commercial flights, a day after the transport minister said some flights would be allowed as a nationwide blockade is eased. The Saudi-led military coalition fighting against Yemen s Houthi movement said last week that it had closed all air, land and sea ports in Yemen to stem the alleged flow of arms to the Houthis from Iran. The move came after Saudi Arabia intercepted a missile fired towards Riyadh, which it blamed on Tehran.     Transport Minister Mourad al-Halimi had said Yemenia flights to the pro-Saudi government-held cities of Aden and Seiyun would resume on Sunday, but the national carrier said in a statement that it  didn t acquire the necessary permits  to fly. The United Nations had warned the total blockade could cause famine in the impoverished country where war has killed at least 10,000 people in the last 2-1/2 years and the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) expressed more concerns on Sunday. It urged in a statement that humanitarian aid be allowed to enter the country immediately, as Yemen has registered one of the highest rates in postpartum deaths. The government-held southern Yemeni port of Aden was reopened on Wednesday, but ports in Houthi-held areas are still shut. The coalition reopened the al Wadea border crossing linking Saudi Arabia with territory in eastern Yemen on Thursday. ",1
15048,EU agreed no sum needed to move talks forward: British Brexit minister,"LONDON (Reuters) - The European Union agreed that Britain would not have to come up with a figure for a financial deal to leave the bloc before moving talks on to discuss a trade deal, Brexit minister David Davis said on Sunday. Speaking to Sky News, Davis said Britain agreed to the sequencing of talks demanded by the EU but had told the bloc s negotiators it would not come up with a figure to push them beyond  phase one .  We said: alright. we ll do this sequencing, but don t imagine you will have a number or a formula (for the financial settlement) at the end of it. We ll get towards that process but you won t have a number or a formula before we move on to the next stage. They accepted that,  he said. ",1
15049,Trump offers to mediate on South China Sea,"HANOI (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Sunday he was prepared to mediate between claimants to the South China Sea, where five countries contest China s sweeping claims to the busy waterway. Trump was speaking in Vietnam, which has become the most vocal opponent of China s claims and its construction and militarization of artificial islands in the sea. About $3-trillion in goods passes through the sea each year.  If I can help mediate or arbitrate, please let me know,  Trump said in comments at a meeting in Hanoi with Vietnam s president, Tran Dai Quang. Trump acknowledged that China s position on the South China Sea was a problem.       I m a very good mediator and arbitrator,  he said. President Quang said Vietnam believed in handling disputes on the South China Sea through peaceful negotiations and on the basis of international laws - which Vietnam says nullify China s claims. Vietnam has reclaimed land around reefs and islets, but on nowhere near the same scale as China. Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines and Taiwan also have claims in the sea. Since Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has grown closer to China, Vietnam has emerged as China s main challenger in the region. In July, China pressured Vietnam to stop oil drilling in a disputed area, taking relations to a low. Relations have since improved and Chinese President Xi Jinping is visiting Hanoi later on Sunday. The South China Sea was discussed in Beijing on an earlier leg of Trump s 12-day Asian tour and U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said the United States and China had a frank exchange of views. The United States has angered China with freedom of navigation patrols close to Chinese-controlled islands. From Vietnam, Trump left for the Philippines - the last stop on his tour - for a meeting with leaders of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN).    In August, the foreign ministers of the Southeast Asian countries and China adopted a negotiating framework for a code of conduct in the South China Sea, although critics see it as a tactic to buy China time to consolidate its power. The framework seeks to advance a 2002 Declaration of Conduct (DOC) of Parties in the South China Sea, which has mostly been ignored by claimant states, particularly China, which has built seven man-made islands in disputed waters, three of them equipped with runways, surface-to-air missiles and radars. All parties say the framework is only an outline for how the code will be established and critics raise doubts about how effective the pact will be. The framework will be endorsed by China and ASEAN members at a summit in Manila on Monday, a diplomat from one of the regional bloc s countries said. The next step is for ASEAN and China to start formal consultations and negotiations for the actual Code of Conduct, and the earliest that talks on this can start is February 2018, the diplomat said. Relations between Vietnam and the United States have blossomed in the decades since their war ended in 1975. A recent survey put the favorability of the United States at 84 percent among Vietnamese. But Vietnam s trade surplus remains an irritant for the Trump administration. At $32 billion last year, it was the sixth largest with the United States, though less than a tenth the size of China s.  We want to get that straightened out very quickly,  Trump said at a meeting with Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc. Vietnamese and U.S. companies signed memorandums of understanding on gas development and automobiles as well as aircraft engine purchase and support during Trump s visit. The value of the deals was unclear.     ",1
15050,Philippines president says South China Sea row 'better left untouched',"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte said on Sunday the South China Sea dispute, involving China and five other claimants including the Philippines, was  better left untouched .  We have to be friends, the other hotheads would like us to confront China and the rest of the world on so many issues,  Duterte said at a ceremony on the eve of a summit of East and Southeast Asian nations in the Philippine capital.  The South China Sea is better left untouched, nobody can afford to go to war.  China claims almost the entire South China Sea, with competing claims from Taiwan, Vietnam, the Philippines, Malaysia and Brunei.  ",1
15051,Trump arrives in Philippines for Asian leaders' summit,"MANILA (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump arrived in the Philippine capital Manila on Sunday to attend an annual gathering of leaders from East and Southeast Asian countries.  Trump arrived from Vietnam, where he attended the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit, during which he delivered a strong message on trade and briefly met Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin.  The Philippines will be the last leg of a tour that has also taken Trump to Japan, China and South Korea. Just hours before Trump s arrival, Philippine riot police used water canon to prevent hundreds of anti-American protesters from reaching the U.S. embassy in Manila. ",1
15052,London mayor calls on British foreign minister Johnson to resign,"LONDON (Reuters) - London Mayor Sadiq Khan called on British foreign minister Boris Johnson on Sunday to resign after a series of gaffes which he said had offended Libyans, Americans, the Spanish and others. Speaking on the BBC s Andrew Marr show, Khan said Johnson  has to go . ",1
15053,"Iraqi army helicopter crash kills seven, military says","BAGHDAD (Reuters) - An Iraqi army helicopter crashed during a routine flight on Sunday, killing all seven people on board, a military statement  and Iraqi air force officers said. The Russian-made Mi-17 helicopter went down near the southern province of Kut, the statement said. Two pilots and five army officers were killed, Iraqi air force officers told Reuters. A technical malfunction caused the crash, the military statement said.  Iraq is slowly rebuilding its air force, once one of the world s largest, after the U.S.-led invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein in 2003. ",1
15054,Why Niger and Mali's cattle herders turned to jihad,"NIAMEY/NAIROBI (Reuters) - When Doundou Chefou first took up arms as a youth a decade ago, it was for the same reason as many other ethnic Fulani herders along the Niger-Mali border: to protect his livestock. He had nothing against the Republic of Niger, let alone the United States of America. His quarrel was with rival Tuareg cattle raiders.  Yet on Oct. 4 this year, he led dozens of militants allied to Islamic State in a deadly assault against allied U.S.-Niger forces, killing four soldiers from each nation and demonstrating how dangerous the West s mission in the Sahel has become.     The incident sparked calls in Washington for public hearings into the presence of U.S. troops. A Pentagon probe is due to be completed in January.  Asked by Reuters to talk about Chefou, Nigerien Defence Minister Kalla Mountari s face fell.  He is a terrorist, a bandit, someone who intends to harm to Niger,  he said at his office in the Nigerien capital Niamey earlier this month.  We are tracking him, we are seeking him out, and if he ever sets foot in Niger again he will be neutralized.  Like most gunmen in so-called Islamic State in the Greater Sahara, which operates along the sand-swept borderlands where Mali, Niger and Burkina Faso meet, Chefou used to be an ordinary Fulani pastoralist with little interest in jihad, several government sources with knowledge of the matter said. The transition of Chefou and men like him from vigilantes protecting their cows to jihadists capable of carrying out complex attacks is a story Western powers would do well to heed, as their pursuit of violent extremism in West Africa becomes ever more enmeshed in long-standing ethnic and clan conflicts. For now, analysts say the local IS affiliate remains small, at fewer than 80 fighters. But that was also the case at first with al Qaeda-linked factions before they tapped into local grievances to expand their influence in Mali in 2012.  The United Nations this week released a report showing how IS in northern Somalia has grown to around 200 fighters from just a few dozen last year. The U.S. military has ramped up its presence in Niger, and other neighboring countries, in recent years as it fears poverty, corruption and weak states mean the region is ripe for the spread of extremist groups. For centuries the Tuareg and Fulani have lived as nomads herding animals and trading - Tuareg mostly across the dunes and oases of the Sahara and the Fulani mostly in the Sahel, a vast band of semi-arid scrubland that stretches from Senegal to Sudan beneath it.  Some have managed to become relatively wealthy, accumulating vast herds. But they have always stayed separate from the modern nation-states that have formed around them. Though they largely lived peacefully side-by-side, arguments occasionally flared, usually over scarce watering points. A steady increase in the availability of automatic weapons over the years has made the rivalry ever more deadly. A turning point was the Western-backed ouster of Libya s Muammar Gaddafi in 2011. With his demise, many Tuareg from the region who had fought as mercenaries for Gaddafi returned home, bringing with them the contents of Libya s looted armories.    Some of the returnees launched a rebellion in Mali to try to create a breakaway Tuareg state in the desert north, a movement that was soon hijacked by al Qaeda-linked jihadists who had been operating in Mali for years.  Until then, Islamists in Mali had been recruiting and raising funds through kidnapping. In 2012, they swept across northern Mali, seizing key towns and prompting a French intervention that pushed them back in 2013. Amid the violence and chaos, some of the Tuareg turned their guns on their rivals from other ethnic groups like the Fulani, who then went to the Islamists for arms and training. In November 2013, a young Nigerien Fulani had a row with a Tuareg chief over money. The old man thrashed him and chased him away, recalls Boubacar Diallo, head of an association for Fulani livestock breeders along the Mali border, who now lives in Niamey. The youth came back armed with an AK-47, killed the chief and wounded his wife, then fled. The victim happened to be the uncle of a powerful Malian warlord.  Over the next week, heavily armed Tuareg slaughtered 46 Fulani in revenge attacks along the Mali-Niger border. The incident was bloodiest attack on record in the area, said Diallo, who has documented dozens of attacks by Tuareg raiders that have killed hundreds of people and led to thousands of cows and hundreds of camels being stolen.  That was a point when the Fulani in that area realized they needed more weapons to defend themselves,  said Diallo, who has represented them in talks aimed at easing communal tensions. The crimes were almost never investigated by police, admits a Niamey-based law enforcement official with knowledge of them.  The Tuareg were armed and were pillaging the Fulani s cattle,  Niger Interior Minister Mohamed Bazoum told Reuters.  The Fulani felt obliged to arm themselves.   SELF-DEFENSE  Gandou Zakaria, a researcher of mixed Tuareg-Fulani heritage in the faculty of law at Niamey University, has spent years studying why youths turned to jihad.  Religious belief was at the bottom of their list of concerns,  he told Reuters. Instead, local grievances were the main driving force.  Whereas Tuareg in Mali and Niger have dreamed of and sometimes fought for an independent state, Fulani have generally been more pre-occupied by concerns over the security of their community and the herds they depend on.  For the Fulani, it was a sense of injustice, of exclusion, of discrimination, and a need for self-defense,  Zakaria said. One militant who proved particularly good at tapping into this dissatisfaction was Adnan Abu Walid al-Sahrawi, an Arabic-speaking north African, several law enforcement sources said. Al-Sahrawi recruited dozens of Fulani into the Movement for Unity and Jihad in West Africa (MUJWA), which was loosely allied to al Qaeda in the region and controlled Gao and the area to the Niger border in 2012. After French forces in 2013 scattered Islamists from the Malian towns they controlled, al-Sahrawi was briefly allied with Mokhtar Belmokhtar, an al Qaeda veteran.  Today, al-Sahrawi is the face of Islamic State in the region.  There was something in his discourse that spoke to the youth, that appealed to their sense of injustice,  a Niger government official said of al-Sahrawi. Two diplomatic sources said there are signs al-Sahrawi has received financial backing from IS central in Iraq and Syria. How Chefou ended up being one of a handful of al-Sahrawi s lieutenants is unclear. The government source said he was brought to him by a senior officer, also Fulani, known as Petit Chapori. Like many Fulani youth toughened by life on the Sahel, Chefou was often in and out of jail for possession of weapons or involvement in localized violence that ended in deals struck between communities, the government official said.  Yet Diallo, who met Chefou several times, said he was  very calm, very gentle. I was surprised when he became a militia leader . U.S. and Nigerien sources differ on the nature of the fatal mission of Oct 4. Nigeriens say it was to go after Chefou; U.S. officials say it was reconnaissance mission. One vehicle lost by the U.S. forces was supplied by the CIA and kitted with surveillance equipment, U.S. media reported. A surveillance drone monitored the battle with a live feed.  The Fulani men, mounted on motorbikes, were armed with the assault rifles they first acquired to look after their cows.  ",1
15055,Iran rejects Macron call for talks on Iranian missiles,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Iran rejected on Sunday a call by French President Emmanuel Macron for talks on Tehran s ballistic missiles, saying they were defensive and unrelated to a nuclear agreement with world powers. On Thursday, Macron said during a visit to Dubai that he was  very concerned  by Iran s ballistic missile program, mentioning a missile fired from Yemen and intercepted by Saudi Arabia earlier this month. He raised the prospect of possible sanctions with regard to those activities.   There are negotiations we need to start on Iran s ballistic missiles,  Macron said.  But Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Bahram Qassemi rejected that possibility.  France is fully aware of our country s firm position that Iran s defense affairs are not negotiable,  he said.  We have told French officials repeatedly that the nuclear deal is not negotiable and other issues will not be allowed to be added to it,  Qassemi said, according to a statement on the ministry s website. The United States accused Iran on Tuesday of supplying Yemen s Houthi rebels with a missile that was fired into Saudi Arabia in July and called for the United Nations to hold Tehran accountable for violating two U.N. Security Council resolutions.  Saudi Arabia and its allies accuse Iran of supplying missiles and other weapons to the Houthis, saying the arms were not present in Yemen before conflict broke out there in 2015. Iran denies the charges and blames the conflict on Riyadh. The United States has imposed unilateral sanctions on Iran, saying its missile tests violate a U.N. resolution that calls on Tehran not to undertake activities related to missiles capable of delivering nuclear weapons.  Iran says its missile program is defensive and it has no plans to build nuclear-capable missiles. ",1
15056,Bahrain calls pipeline blast 'terrorism' linked to Iran,"KHOBAR, Saudi Arabia (Reuters) - Bahrain said an explosion which caused a fire at its main oil pipeline on Friday was caused by  terrorist  sabotage, linking the unprecedented attack to its arch-foe Iran, which denies any role in the Gulf island kingdom s unrest. A key Western ally and host to the U.S. Fifth Fleet, Sunni Muslim-ruled Bahrain has for years grappled with protests and sporadic violence coming from its Shi ite majority.  The incident was an act of sabotage and a dangerous act of terrorism aimed at harming the higher interests of the nation and the safety of the people,  the interior ministry said on its website.  Terrorist acts witnessed by the country in the recent period are carried out through direct contacts and instructions from Iran,  the statement quoted Interior Minister Sheikh Rashid bin Abdullah al-Khalifa as saying. In Tehran, Foreign Ministry spokesman Bahram Qassemi rejected the allegations as  false talk and childish accusations , the ministry said on its website.  Bahraini authorities said they had brought under control the fire at the oil pipeline. State-run Bahrain Petroleum Company (Bapco) closed the flow of oil to the stricken pipeline, the civil defence said in a statement earlier on Saturday. Residents close to the incident near Buri village, some 15 kilometres (10 miles) from the capital Manama, were being evacuated to a safe shelter, the statement added.   Saudi Arabia s energy ministry said pumping to Bahrain had been suspended and the kingdom was stepping up security precautions at its own facilities.  The attack on the pipeline ... was followed by the suspension of the pumping of oil to the State of Bahrain,  the Saudi Ministry of Energy, Industry and Mineral Resources said.  The Ministry of Energy also confirmed that it has increased its security precautions at all its facilities, and that all these facilities enjoy the highest levels of protection and safety,  it added in a statement. After authorities quashed Shi ite-led  Arab Spring  protests in 2011, militants have launched deadly bombing and shooting attacks against security forces that Manama blames on Tehran. Iran denies any role in Bahrain s unrest. Bahrain relies on the Abu Safa oilfield for the majority of its oil. It shares the field with Saudi Arabia. Oil to Bahrain is transported via the 55 km A-B pipeline which has a capacity of 230,000 barrels per day (bpd). A new 350,000-bpd oil pipeline between the two countries will be completed next year and will serve the planned expansion of Bahrain s refinery capacity. Arabian Light crude oil will flow from Saudi Aramco s Abqaiq plant via the 115-km new pipeline, 73 km of which will run overland and the rest under the Gulf. ",1
15057,Saudi Arabia tightens security after Bahrain pipeline blast,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia s energy ministry said pumping to Bahrain had been suspended and the kingdom was stepping up security precautions at its own facilities after its Gulf island neighbor blamed  terrorism  linked to Iran for an oil pipeline blast. Iran denies any role in unrest in Bahrain, host to the U.S. Fifth Fleet and a key Western ally, which has for years grappled with protests and sporadic violence.  The attack on the pipeline ... was followed by the suspension of the pumping of oil to the State of Bahrain,  the Saudi Ministry of Energy, Industry and Mineral Resources said.  The Ministry of Energy also confirmed that it has increased its security precautions at all its facilities, and that all these facilities enjoy the highest levels of protection and safety,  it added in a statement. ",1
15058,Trump: Being friends with North Korea's Kim is possible,"HANOI (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Sunday that it was possible he could be friends with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un one day and that it would be  very, very nice  but he was not sure that it would happen. Asked at a news conference in Vietnam if he could see himself being friends with Kim, Trump said:  That might be a strange thing to happen but it s a possibility.   If it did happen it could be a good thing I can tell you for North Korea, but it could also be good for a lot of other places and be good for the rest the world,  Trump said.   It could be something that could happen. I don t know if it will but it would be very, very nice.  ",1
15059,"Australia to discuss North Korea, Islamist terrorism at Manila talks","SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia s Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull on Sunday said he would discuss North Korea and Islamist terrorism as threats to regional stability, ahead of his arrival at an East Asia leaders  summit in the Philippines. North Korea was a criminal regime and the single largest threat to the region, Turnbull told a televised news conference in Hong Kong.   They are very cunning operators,  he said, urging a tightening of economic sanctions. Islamist terrorism in the southern Philippines is the other key security issue Turnbull aims to discuss with Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte in Manila. Australia said in September it would send troops to train Philippines armed forces engaged in a 154-day battle with Islamic State fighters in the southern city of Marawi, in the country s biggest security crisis in decades. Turnbull stressed the importance of help by Indonesian President Joko Widodo in defusing Islamist extremism as the leader of the world s largest Muslim-majority country, which is also a democracy.  He speaks with great authority when he says Islam is compatible with democracy and moderation,  Turnbull added.  He s a powerful voice for moderation in the region.  Australia s embattled prime minister will attend the high-powered regional summit at the same time as a citizenship crisis at home has destroyed the parliamentary majority of his ruling center-right coalition. The constitution bars dual nationals from parliament, and Turnbull s government was thrown into disarray last month by a High Court ruling that five parliamentarians, including his deputy, Barnaby Joyce, were ineligible to be lawmakers. The resignation of another MP on Saturday has left Turnbull as the head of a minority government, with his position guaranteed only by the votes of two independents. Turnbull said he expects Joyce to be returned to Parliament following a Dec. 2 by-election. ",1
15060,China's Xi vows to 'open wider' while defending jobs,"BEIJING (Reuters) - President Xi Jinping vowed to further free up China s economy, again urging Asian countries to work closely together in a speech at the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) meeting in Vietnam. The comments echo Xi s call to support a  multilateral trading system  and contrast with those delivered at the weekend by U.S. President Donald Trump, who pulled out of the regional Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal and told the meeting the U.S. would pursue bilateral trade deals instead. Xi said his government would continue to prioritize domestic employment and ensure economic development at home  supports job creation , according to a text of his remarks published by the official Xinhua news agency late on Saturday.   China will open still wider and its development will deliver even greater benefits to the rest of the world,  Xi told the APEC leaders. China has created 13 million new jobs in cities and towns in recent years, Xi added.  Economic restructuring does not have to come at the expense of employment,  Xi said.  On the contrary, stable employment would allow greater leeway for reform and development.  (This story has been refiled to include the timing of Xinhua s publication.) ",1
15061,Trump offers to mediate in South China Sea dispute,"HANOI (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Sunday that he was prepared to mediate between claimants to the South China Sea, which include Vietnam and China.  If I can help mediate or arbitrate, please let me know,  Trump said in comments at the start of a meeting in Hanoi with Vietnam s president, Tran Dai Quang. Trump acknowledged that China s position on the South China Sea, nearly all of which is claimed by Beijing, was a problem.   I m a very good mediator and arbitrator,  he said. He also said that China was helping to resolve tensions over North Korea and added he hoped Russia would do the same.   ",1
15062,Trump says he trusts Putin's denials of election meddling,"DANANG, Vietnam (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said he believed President Vladimir Putin when he denied accusations that Russia meddled in last year s U.S. election, despite U.S. intelligence agencies  conclusion of Russian interference. Trump made the comment after he and Putin met briefly at a summit in Vietnam on Saturday and agreed on a joint statement supporting a political solution for Syria, now in its seventh year of civil war. It was the first encounter of the two leaders since July and came during a low in U.S.-Russia relations and at a time when Trump is haunted by an investigation into accusations that Putin influenced the election that brought him to the White House. Putin reiterated the denials of interference, Trump said.  Every time he sees me he says,  I didn t do that,  and I really believe that, when he tells me that, he means it,  Trump told reporters aboard Air Force One after leaving the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in the resort of Danang.  I think he is very insulted by it, which is not a good thing for our country,  Trump said. Trump has called allegations of campaign collusion with Moscow a hoax. A special counsel, Robert Mueller, is conducting a probe that has led to charges against Trump s former campaign manager Paul Manafort and his associate Rick Gates. U.S. intelligence agencies have also concluded Russians interfered to tip the election in Trump s favor through hacking and releasing emails to embarrass Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton and spreading social media propaganda. On Saturday, James Clapper, the former director of national intelligence, said Trump has been informed of the conclusions showing Russia s meddling.  President Trump was presented with clear and indisputable evidence that Russia interfered in the election.  Clapper told Reuters. Clapper was the national intelligence director when his office in January released the conclusion reached by the CIA, Federal Bureau of Investigation and National Security Agency that Russia had meddled in the 2016 U.S. presidential election told Reuters.  The fact that the President would take Putin at his word over that of the intelligence community is quite simply unconscionable,  Clapper said. Russia has repeatedly denied meddling. The Republican chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, John McCain, took Trump to task over his comments about Putin, using the  America First  phrase that Trump invoked at the APEC summit in laying out his trade priorities.  There s nothing  America First  about taking the word of a KGB colonel over that of the American intelligence community,  McCain said in a statement. Putin is a former KGB officer and ex-head of Russia s FSB security service. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the U.S. House of Representatives intelligence committee, which is investigating the issue, accused Trump of siding with Putin over U.S. intelligence agencies.  The President fools no one. He understands that the Russians intervened through the hacking and dumping of his opponent s emails, the fruits of which he exploited time and again on the campaign trail,  Schiff said in a statement. In Danang, Putin told reporters that an alleged link between Manafort and Russia was fabricated by Trump s opponents. Putin dismissed suggestions Russia influenced the elections through political advertising. Tech companies, including Facebook, have said some Russian-bought political content spread on their platforms around the time.  There is no confirmation of our mass media meddling in election campaigns   and there can t be any,  Putin said. Trump, who had emphasized on the 2016 campaign trail that it would be nice if the United States and Russia could work together, made this case again on Saturday. He said it would benefit Washington to have good ties with Moscow so they could work together on issues including Syria s civil war, the conflict in Ukraine and the North Korean nuclear crisis.  Look, I can t stand there and argue with him, I would rather have him get out of Syria,  Trump said.  I would rather ... get to work with him on the Ukraine rather than standing and arguing.  In Vietnam, Trump and Putin agreed a joint statement that said there was no military solution to the Syrian conflict, pledged to continue  de-confliction  to ensure the U.S. and Russian militaries do not clash there, and pledged new support for the U.N.-backed  Geneva process,  which has failed to find a political solution to end the conflict. Russia has militarily supported Syrian President Bashar al-Assad while the United States has at times backed Syrian rebels against him, though the recent U.S. focus has been on defeating the Islamic State militant group that had seized parts of Syria. With Islamic State having suffered losses in Syria, Iraq and beyond, greater attention is turning to the broader conflict between Assad s forces and rebel factions. Trump hailed the joint statement.  We did it very quickly,  he told reporters.  We seem to have a very good feeling for each other, a good relationship considering we don t know each other well.  After their meeting, Putin described Trump as  a well-mannered person and comfortable to deal with.  Trump and Putin were seen chatting amicably as they walked to the position where the traditional APEC summit photo was being taken at a viewpoint looking over the South China Sea. ",1
15063,A house divided: How Saudi Crown Prince purged royal family rivals,"BEIRUT/RIYADH (Reuters) - The first hint that something was amiss came in a letter. On Saturday Nov. 4, guests at Riyadh s Ritz Carlton were notified by the opulent hotel that:  Due to unforeseen booking by local authorities which requires an elevated level of security, we are unable to accommodate guests ... until normal operations are restored.  The purge was already under way. Within hours security forces had rounded up dozens of members of Saudi Arabia s political and business elite, mostly in the capital and the coastal city of Jeddah. Among them were 11 princes as well as ministers and wealthy tycoons. Some were invited to meetings where they were detained. Others were arrested at their homes and flown to Riyadh or driven to the Ritz Carlton, which has been turned into a temporary prison. The detainees were allowed a single, brief phone call home, a person familiar with the arrests told Reuters.  They don t receive calls and are kept under tight security. No one can go in or out,  the insider said.  It is obvious that there was a lot of preparation for it.  The purge was ordered by 32-year-old Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. Officially next in line to the throne to his father, King Salman, he is now in effect running the country which he has said he will transform into a modern state. To do that - and in an attempt to shore up his own power - he has decided to go after the Saudi elite, including some members of the royal family, on accusations such as taking bribes and inflating the cost of business projects. Those arrested could not be reached for comment. At stake is political stability in the world s largest oil producer. The Crown Prince s ability to rule unchallenged depends on whether the purge is successful. The Crown Prince believes that unless the country changes, the economy will sink into a crisis that could fan unrest. That could threaten the royal family and weaken the country in its regional rivalry with Iran. (See this graphic on the Saudi family and the royal arrests: tmsnrt.rs/2AjCNiQ) Prince Mohammed decided to move on his family, the person familiar with events said, when he realized more relatives opposed him becoming king than he had thought.  The signal was that anyone wavering in their support should watch out,  said the person familiar with the events.  The whole idea of the anti-corruption campaign was targeted towards the family. The rest is window dressing.  King Salman said the purge was in response to  exploitation by some of the weak souls who have put their own interests above the public interest, in order to, illicitly, accrue money . Insiders said the accusations were based on evidence gathered by the intelligence service. Government backers have rejected suggestions that the campaign is really about eliminating political enemies. There was no immediate comment from the royal court on this story. Among those now holed up at the Ritz Carlton hotel is Prince Miteb bin Abdullah, who is head of the powerful National Guard and Prince Mohammed s cousin. Miteb was in his farm house in Riyadh when he was called to a meeting with the Crown Prince. Such an invitation, even at night, would not be unusual for a senior official and would not have aroused suspicion.   He went to the meeting and never came back,  said a second insider who has connections to some of those who were detained. Others held include Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, who is chairman of international investment firm Kingdom Holding and a cousin of Prince Mohammed, and Prince Turki bin Abdullah, former governor of Riyadh province and a son of the late King Abdullah. Some royal watchers said tensions were laid bare during family meetings over the summer. One insider said it was widely known to Prince Mohammed that some of the powerful royals, including Miteb, were resentful about his elevation.  Prince Mohammed, who is widely known in Saudi Arabia by his initials MbS, had said openly in interviews that he would investigate the kingdom s endemic corruption and would not hesitate to go after top officials.  The vehicle was an anti-corruption committee created by King Salman, and announced on Nov. 4. The king put the Crown Prince in charge, adding another power to the many he has been given in the past three years.  Saudi authorities have questioned 208 people in the anti-corruption investigation and estimate at least $100 billion has been stolen through graft, the attorney-general said on Thursday. The head of the committee said investigators had been collecting evidence for three years.   By launching a war on corruption, the prince has combined a popular cause with the elimination of an obstacle to acceding to the throne.  MbS used the corruption stick which can reach any one of them,  said Jamal Khashoggi, a former adviser to Prince Turki al-Faisal, intelligence chief from 1979 to 2001.  For the first time we Saudis see princes being tried for their corruption.  But Khashoggi, who lives in the United States, said Prince Mohammed was being selective in his purge.  I believe MbS is a nationalist who loves his country and wants it to be the strongest but his problem is that he wants to rule alone,  he said. (See this graphic on Saudi Prince Alwaleed s investments: tmsnrt.rs/2j5fE04) Prince Mohammed was appointed defense minister in 2015 when King Salman became monarch. In June, the King named him heir to the throne, pushing aside his older cousin Mohammed bin Nayef, a veteran head of the security apparatus. The royal family acquiesced and by September the Crown Prince had rounded up and jailed religious and intellectual opponents. The latest detentions are intended to help him push through reforms that promise the greatest change since the reign of King Abdulaziz, founder of the current Saudi state in the 1930s. That state has rested on an enduring accommodation between the royal family and the Wahhabist clerics who control the hardline version of Islam that originated in Saudi Arabia. The ruling family promised to give Saudis comfortable lives and a share of the country s oil wealth. In return, their subjects have offered political submission and promised to follow the country s strict religious and social codes. King Abdulaziz, who was also known as Ibn Saud, died in 1953. Since then, Saudi Arabia has been run by the king and below him there has been a group of princes, none of them strong enough to impose his will against the wishes of the others. Decisions have mostly come through consensus. That arrangement has meant social and political change has been glacial although it has also kept the kingdom stable. But in moves that position Prince Mohammed as the new Ibn Saud, the Crown Prince is tearing down pillars of rule that had been eroding under the weight of population growth and low oil prices. Consensus has been replaced by what critics say is one-man rule, opposed by some princes although they would not risk saying so in public. In the past few decades, every Saudi king had one or two of his brothers, sons or nephews by his side advising and sharing in governance. But Prince Mohammed has not appointed any of his brothers or other close family to top positions, instead relying on a team of advisers   mainly Saudis though some are U.S.- or British-trained. King Salman, 82, still has the last word on everything. But he has delegated the running of the kingdom s military, security, economic, foreign and social affairs to Prince Mohammed. There has been speculation for months, denied by court officials, that the king will soon abdicate the throne to MbS. Even the Crown Prince s age is remarkable. The last three kings have reached the throne aged 61, 80 and 79. Prince Mohammed is effectively in charge at 32. Prince Mohammed says he offers a new social contract: A state that functions better than the rigid bureaucracy of the past, opportunities to have fun and an economy that will create jobs that can last, whatever happens in oil markets. In September he announced that Saudi women will be given the right to drive. Just three weeks ago, during a conference for investors at the same Ritz Carlton that now houses the targets of his purge, he unveiled a plan for a $500-billion futuristic city where sexes could mingle and robots outnumber humans. The prince has also drawn up a blueprint to wean Saudi Arabia off its dependence on oil and its subjects off state subsidies and government jobs. The public listing of national  oil company Saudi Aramco, planned next year, is its centerpiece. There are no guarantees the prince s ambitions will succeed. Even some admirers ask whether his reach exceeds his grasp. His top-down approach, brooking no opposition, could scare off investors wanting assurances about rule of law and security. Without huge investor support, he will struggle to meet the aspirations of Saudi youth. War in Yemen, a dispute with the Gulf emirate of Qatar and growing tension with Iran is a concern to investors too. It should help that Prince Mohammed, following the example of Ibn Saud, sees the importance of forging a special bond with the United States. During a visit to Saudi Arabia in May, U.S. President Donald Trump urged Riyadh to lead an alliance against Iran and its attempt to cut a Shi ite axis through Iraq, Syria and Lebanon. Soon afterwards, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates blockaded Qatar, accusing its ruling Al Thani dynasty of supporting Iran and Islamist terrorism. Trump gave his backing. After the arrests of the past week, Trump tweeted support, saying those arrested had been  milking their country for years . One insider close to the royal family said the National Guard was unlikely to react strongly to Miteb s removal. He said  there had been no resistance to the ousting of Mohammed bin Nayef at the interior ministry and the National Guard would be no different. ",1
15064,Protesters flood Barcelona demanding release of separatist leaders,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Hundreds of thousands of Catalan independence supporters clogged one of Barcelona s main avenues on Saturday to demand the release of separatist leaders held in prison for their roles in the region s banned drive to split from Spain. Wearing yellow ribbons on their lapels to signify support, they filled the length of the Avenue Marina that runs from the beach to Barcelona s iconic Sagrada Familia church, while the jailed leaders  families made speeches. Catalonia s two main grassroots independence groups called the march, under the slogan  Freedom for the political prisoners,  after their leaders were remanded in custody on charges of sedition last month. The protest is seen as a test of how the independence movement s support has fared since the Catalan government declared independence on Oct. 27, prompting Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy to fire its members, dissolve the regional parliament and call new elections for December. An opinion poll this week showed that pro-independence parties would win the largest share of the vote, though a majority was not assured and question marks remain over ousted regional head Carles Puigdemont s leadership of the separatist cause.   Look at all the people here,  said 63-year-old Pep Morales.  The independence movement is still going strong.  Barcelona police said about 750,000 people had attended, many from across Catalonia. The protesters carried photos with the faces of those in prison, waved the red-and-yellow striped Catalan independence flag and shone lights from their phones. The Spanish High Court has jailed eight former Catalan government members, along with the leaders of the Catalan National Assembly (ANC) and Omnium Cultural, while investigations continue. The High Court last week issued arrest warrants on charges of rebellion and sedition for Puigdemont, who flew to Brussels after being deposed, and four other former government members who went with him.  Your light reaches us in Brussels and illuminates the path we must keep following,  Puigdemont tweeted during the protest. On Thursday, the Supreme Court ruled to release on bail the Catalan parliament s speaker Carme Forcadell and four other lawmakers, who enabled the declaration of independence by overseeing a parliamentary vote. Another lawmaker was released without bail. Forcadell left jail on Friday after agreeing to renounce any political activity that went against the Spanish constitution, in effect banning her from campaigning for independence in the December election. Those terms threaten to undermine the independence movement just as cracks are starting to appear and tensions rise between the grassroots and their leaders. Puigdemont s PDeCAT party has failed to agree on a united ticket to contest the election with another secessionist party, the ERC, denting the pro-independence camp s hopes of pressing ahead after the election. On Saturday, the ERC said its leader, jailed former Catalan vice-president Oriol Junqueras, would be its candidate in December and he would campaign from behind bars. Pepita Sole, a 61-year-old pensioner in the crowd on Saturday, said she understood the Oct. 27 declaration was symbolic but now wanted the real thing.  They better understand that we re not faking.  ",1
15065,U.S. signals caution to Saudis despite shared concern about Iran,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Despite President Donald Trump s full-throated support for Saudi Arabia, the United States appears to be signaling a desire for Riyadh to take a more cautious approach in its regional power struggle with Iran, experts say. The Trump administration, which shares Saudi Arabia s view of Iran as a regional menace, has strongly backed the Kingdom in the wake of a failed missile attack from Iran-aligned forces in Yemeni territory that demonstrated an ability to strike the Saudi capital. Trump has cultivated much warmer ties with the Saudis after a fraught relationship with the Obama administration - the president made Riyadh his first stop on his maiden international trip - and has vowed to take strong action to confront Iran. Nevertheless, Washington, which has U.S. forces in Syria and Iraq, is telegraphing a more tempered stance toward the confrontation in a region beset with turmoil.  On Thursday, the State Department called for  unimpeded access  for humanitarian aid to Yemen, after Saudi Arabia imposed a blockade on the country to stem the flow of arms to Iran-aligned Houthi fighters.  A day later, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson made clear he still recognized as Lebanon s prime minister Saad al-Hariri, who unexpectedly announced his resignation on Nov. 4 from Riyadh. In announcing his decision on television, Hariri said he feared assassination and accused Iran and its Lebanese ally Hezbollah of sowing strife in the Arab world, thrusting Lebanon into the front line of the competition between Sunni Saudi Arabia and Shi ite Iran.  Two U.S. officials said the Saudis, led by Crown Prince Mohammed, had  encouraged  Hariri to leave office and Lebanese officials say he is being held in Saudi Arabia, a charge Riyadh denies. Hariri has not commented publicly on whether he is free to come and go as he pleases. In a statement on Saturday, the White House said it  rejects any efforts by militias within Lebanon or by any foreign forces to threaten Lebanon s stability...or use Lebanon as a base from which to threaten others in the region.  When asked to comment on whether the United States was pushing for a more cautious Saudi response, both the White House and State Department referred to Saturday s statement on Lebanon. Tillerson was  not going along with the Saudi position in describing the Lebanese state as under capture by Hezbollah,   said Paul Salem, the senior vice president of the Middle East Institute, a Washington think tank.  That s significant.   Tillerson was also  signaling to the Israelis ... that now is not the time to go after Lebanon,  said Salem, referring to long-standing Israeli concerns about Hezbollah s growing military prowess. Ray Takeyh, a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations, said he believed the Trump administration was still seeking to help the Saudis advance their interests against Iran without destabilizing the region.  This is a delicate balancing act. It involves supporting allies in a policy that the administration agrees with, while trying to mitigate aspects of it that it (sees as) overstated,  Takeyh said. Tillerson s statement also urged  all parties both within Lebanon and outside  to respect Lebanon s independence and said there was no role for any foreign forces. The United States regularly criticizes Iran and Hezbollah for their role in Lebanon. Tillerson s backing of Hariri and the Lebanese government contrasted sharply with the approach taken by Saudi Arabia, which has lumped Lebanon with Hezbollah as parties hostile to it.  I see Rex Tillerson as being an old fashioned American diplomat and old fashioned American diplomacy in the Middle East is all about stability,  said F. Gregory Gause, chairman of the International Affairs Department at Texas A&M University.  I m not entirely sure that that is the position of the chief executive of the United States,  Gause added. The Saudi actions coincide with an anti-corruption purge by the country s future king that tightened his grip on power. Trump tweeted on Monday that he had  great confidence in King Salman and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia  following the mass arrests - the biggest such purge of the kingdom s affluent elite in its modern history. Trump also tweeted that  they know exactly what they are doing.   Former and current U.S. officials with deep knowledge of Saudi Arabia say Trump s enthusiastic support for Prince Mohammed has emboldened the youthful Saudi leader. Tillerson told reporters the purge appeared  well intended  but the mass arrests, which have swept up officials long known in Washington, also fueled U.S. concerns.  It raises a few concerns until we see more clearly how these particular individuals are dealt with,  Tillerson added. Trump s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, the president s senior adviser, who has cultivated a close relationship with Prince Mohammed, recently returned from Saudi Arabia, fueling speculation on whether he may have had wind of the Crown Prince s plans. A senior administration official said they had no advance knowledge. ",1
15066,Head of East Africa's regional bloc condemns ICC Burundi investigation,"DAR ES SALAAM (Reuters) - Two East African presidents on Saturday condemned a decision by the International Criminal Court to open a war crimes investigation into Burundi, saying it undermined regional peace initiatives. The court ordered a formal investigation on Thursday into crimes committed in Burundi from April 2015 to October 2017.  Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni has condemned the decision of the International Criminal Court (ICC), which ordered its prosecutor to launch an investigation into the Burundi conflict,  Tanzania s presidency said in a statement on Saturday. Museveni is the current chairman of the East African Community (EAC) regional economic bloc comprising Uganda, Tanzania, Kenya, Burundi, Rwanda and South Sudan. The statement was issued after Tanzanian president John Magufuli ended a three-day visit to Uganda where he held talks with Museveni on Burundi and other matters. Burundi plunged into violence in April 2015 after President Pierre Nkurunziza said he would seek a third term in office, triggering protests and a crackdown by security forces. He won re-election that July, but most opponents boycotted the vote, saying his decision to stand violated the constitution and the terms of a peace agreement that had ended a war in the central African country. Government forces are suspected to have killed more than 1,000 people and displaced 400,000 during a crackdown after the election, although rights groups say the number killed could be higher. The court is investigating crimes against humanity that include murder, torture, rape and persecution. Tanzania, which hosts thousands of Burundian refugees, and Uganda have been engaged in months of diplomatic efforts aimed at restoring peace in Burundi. So far, there has been little progress.  Museveni ... said the ICC is interfering in EAC affairs without consulting regional leaders, which is a wrong move that undermines previous peacemaking efforts in Burundi,  said the statement. Tanzania s Magufuli also criticized the ICC investigation.  Magufuli said the move (by the ICC) was going against efforts already taken by the East African Community, which include appointing a mediation committee for the Burundi peace process led by former Tanzanian president Benjamin Mkapa,  the statement said.  Regional mediators of the Burundi peace talks are expected to hold another round of talks on Nov. 23, the Tanzanian presidency said. Magufuli said security concerns in Burundi have been exaggerated, citing a recent voluntary repatriation of Burundian refugees from Tanzania. Last month Burundi became the first nation to withdraw from the court, amid growing criticism from African leaders who complain prosecutors are excessively targeting Africans. ",1
15067,German war reparations 'matter of honor' for Poland,"KRAKOW, Poland (Reuters) - Demanding reparations from Germany for its actions in Poland during World War Two is a matter of honor for Warsaw, Jaroslaw Kaczynski, the leader of Polish ruling Law and Justice (PiS) party, said on Saturday.  The issue of reparations, revived by Poland s eurosceptic PiS after decades of improving relations with Germany, could escalate tensions between the two European Union members. In September Polish parliamentary legal experts ruled that Warsaw has the right to demand reparations from Germany, although Poland s foreign minister indicated that no immediate claim would be made.  The French were paid, Jews were paid, many other nations were paid for the losses they suffered during World War Two. Poles were not,  Kaczynski said.   It is not only about material funds. It is about our status, our honor ... And this is not theater. This is our demand, a totally serious demand,  added Kaczynski, Poland s de facto leader.  The PiS government, deeply distrustful of Germany, has raised calls for wartime compensation in recent months but Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski has said further analysis was needed before any claims were lodged. Six million Poles, including three million Polish Jews, were killed during the war, and the capital Warsaw was razed to the ground in 1944 after a failed uprising in which 200,000 civilians died. ",1
15068,Lebanese president calls Hariri's situation in Saudi 'mysterious',BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s president said on Saturday anything Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri has said or may say  does not reflect reality  due to the mystery of his situation since he quit in a broadcast from Saudi Arabia last week. Hariri resigned unexpectedly from Saudi Arabia on Nov. 4 and has not since returned to Lebanon. President Michel Aoun said in a statement from his office that any stance or move by Hariri  is the result of the dubious and mysterious situation that he is living in the kingdom.  ,1
15069,Lebanese president says PM Hariri has been 'kidnapped': official,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s president has told foreign ambassadors that the country s prime minister Saad al-Hariri, who resigned suddenly last week in Saudi Arabia, has been  kidnapped  and must have immunity, a senior Lebanese official told Reuters on Saturday. President Michel Aoun has been convening high-level meetings with Lebanese politicians and foreign diplomats since Hariri resigned in a surprise broadcast from Saudi Arabia last week. Aoun made the remark in a meeting on Friday, the official said. ",1
15070,Xi tells Duterte China will work to safeguard South China Sea peace,"DANANG, Vietnam (Reuters) - China will work with Southeast Asian countries to safeguard peace in the South China Sea, President Xi Jinping said on Saturday in a meeting with Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who pledged to handle issues with Beijing in those waters bilaterally. China claims almost the entire strategic waterway through which about $3 trillion worth of goods pass every year, building and militariszing artificial islands. Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam also have conflicting claims there.  China will continue to work with ASEAN countries to safeguard peace, stability and prosperity of the South China Sea region,  China s official Xinhua news agency cited Xi as saying to Duterte. The two met on the sidelines of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in the Vietnamese resort city of Danang. The Philippines will, according to a consensus reached by both sides, work through bilateral channels to appropriately handle maritime issues, Xinhua cited Duterte as saying. It did not elaborate. Duterte said earlier in the week that he planned to ask China to make clear its intentions in the South China Sea. Since coming to office 16 months ago, the firebrand leader has been conciliatory to Beijing, despite a ruling by an international arbitration court favoring the Philippines in its territorial dispute with China. In the past, Duterte has repeatedly said he will raise the sea dispute at the proper time and avoided the issue when Manila hosted two regional meetings this year. The United States has criticized China s construction of islands and its build-up of military facilities in the sea, and is concerned they could be used to restrict free nautical movement. U.S. Navy ships have also carried out freedom of navigation patrols in the area, angering China, which says the territorial issues should be handled directly between countries in the region. ",1
15071,Putin says had useful interaction with Trump at Vietnam summit,"DANANG, Vietnam (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Saturday he had a normal dialogue with U.S. leader Donald Trump at a summit in Vietnam, and described Trump as civil, well-educated, and comfortable to deal with. Putin said that a mooted bilateral sit-down meeting with Trump did not happen at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit, citing scheduling issues on both sides and unspecified protocol issues. Putin, at a briefing for reporters at the end of the summit, said there was still a need for further U.S.-Russia contacts, both at the level of heads of state and their officials, to discuss issues including security and economic development.   ",1
15072,Putin: restriction on Russian media is attack on free speech,"DANANG, Vietnam (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Saturday that Russia would respond in kind to what he said were Washington s measures to restrict the freedom of speech of Russian media organizations operating on U.S. soil. Putin said however that possible plans to retaliate by declaring U.S. media operating in Russia as foreign agents may be  a little too harsh,  and that the Kremlin was still formulating its exact response. Kremlin-backed broadcaster Russia Today has been told to register in the United States as a  foreign agent.  U.S. intelligence officials say the broadcaster tried to influence the U.S. presidential election on the Kremlin s behalf, an allegation the broadcaster and the Kremlin deny. On Friday, the pro-Kremlin speaker of the lower house of Russia s parliament, Vyacheslav Volodin, said legislation could be introduced next week designating U.S. and some other foreign media operating in Russia as foreign agents. Speaking to reporters at the end of an Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation Summit in Vietnam, Putin said:  An attack on our media in the United States is an attack on freedom of speech, without a doubt. We re disappointed.   What is being discussed in the State Duma (lower house of parliament), I saw it yesterday, it might be a little too harsh but it s natural because at the level of the legislative arm you often hear extreme views, harsh judgment and tough proposals.   But we will have to formulate some kind of response and it will mirror,  the measures adopted by U.S. authorities towards Russian media in the United States, Putin said.  I want to draw your attention to the fact that there is no   and there can t be   confirmation that Russian media meddled in election campaigns,  Putin said. Being designated as  foreign agents  in Russia would oblige foreign media to submit regular reports to the authorities about their staffing and their sources of funding.  ",1
15073,Putin links Japan peace treaty to Tokyo's alliances,"DANANG, Vietnam (Reuters) - Concluding a peace treaty between Russia and Japan would involve Moscow examining how it could be affected by Tokyo s security commitments to its allies, Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Saturday.  Russia and Japan never formally ended their hostilities after World War Two because of a dispute over a chain of islands in the Pacific.  Putin was speaking at the end of an Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Summit in Vietnam at which he said he discussed talks on the treaty with Japan s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. Japan has a long-standing defense alliance with the United States, a stance that sits uncomfortably with Moscow, which has often accused Washington of projecting its military might close to Russia s borders.  I want to say that here there are lots of questions regarding the peace treaty,  Putin told reporters.  Its not a secret that we also need to look at what commitments Japan has towards its partners in the areas of defense and security, and how that will influence the progress of the negotiating process on the peace treaty between Russia and Japan.  Putin said Moscow needed to examine  what commitments Japan has and what she can do, and cannot do, independently. It s entirely natural, if there are some commitments, that they obviously have to be observed, and how does that impact our relations with Japan?   We all have to understand that it s a lot of work, and maybe it is indeed not a question of just one year,  the Russian leader said at a news conference in the Vietnamese city of Danang, where the APEC summit was held. The disputed islands are known in Russia as the Kurile islands and in Japan as the Northern Territories. Soviet forces occupied four islands at the southern end of the chain at the end of World War Two.  Putin said that there were some aspects of the dispute which could already be addressed, including easing visa restrictions for Japanese citizens to visit the disputed islands, and establishing economic cooperation there.  That it to say, there are certain things that can be done right away, some things probably will take a long time,  Putin said.  It does not depend on who is in office; Abe, Putin, or someone else,  Putin said.  It s important that our countries, our peoples are resolved on a long-term resolution of all the problems to create a favorable environment for our relations to develop.   ",1
15074,Trump says U.S. deal with Russia on Syria will save many lives,"HANOI (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Saturday that an agreement with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Syria would save many lives after the two met at a summit of Asia-Pacific leaders.  We agreed very quickly,  Trump told reporters aboard Air Force One as he flew from the APEC meeting in the resort city of Danang to Vietnam s capital Hanoi.  It s going to save tremendous numbers of lives.  The Kremlin earlier said Trump and Putin had agreed on the sidelines of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit that a political solution was needed on Syria and that they would continue efforts to fight Islamic State.  We spoke intermittently during that roundtable. We seem to have a very good feeling for each other and a good relationship considering we don t know each other well,  Trump said, adding that he and Putin had two or three very short conversations. Trump said Putin had reiterated that he did not meddle in last year s U.S. presidential elections, which brought Trump to the White House. Trump said a good relationship with Russia was important.  In fact it would be a great thing ... because he could really help us in North Korea. We have a big problem with North Korea and China is helping us,  Trump said.  If Russia helped us in addition to China that problem would go away a lot faster.  Trump said Chinese President Xi Jinping was a good man who  wants to do right,  but he wanted Xi to ratchet up more pressure on North Korea. ",1
15075,North Korea says Trump begged for a war during his Asia trip,"SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea said on Saturday that U.S. President Donald Trump s first trip to Asia showed he was a  destroyer  and he had begged for war on the Korean peninsula.  Trump, during his visit, laid bare his true nature as destroyer of world peace and stability and begged for a nuclear war on the Korean peninsula,  the foreign ministry spokesman said in a statement carried by the state news agency. Trump had warned North Korea on Wednesday not to underestimate the United States as he wrapped up his visit to South Korea. The North Korean spokesman said nothing would deter Pyongyang from pursuing its nuclear weapons programme. ",1
15076,Abe hails 'fresh start' to Japan-China ties after Xi meeting,"DANANG, Vietnam (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Chinese President Xi Jinping hailed a  fresh start  to the relationship between the countries after a meeting that saw them agree to work more closely on North Korea. The leaders met on the sidelines of the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in the Vietnamese resort city of Danang. Ties between China and Japan, the world s second- and third-largest economies, have been plagued by a long-running territorial dispute over a cluster of East China Sea islets.  At the end of the meeting, President Xi said this is a meeting that marks a fresh start of relations between Japan and China. I totally feel the same way,  Abe told reporters. Abe said he has proposed visiting China at an appropriate time, which would then be followed by a Xi visit to Japan. At the meeting, the two countries agreed to deepen their cooperation on North Korea and to hold a trilateral summit with South Korea at the earliest possible date.   With the North Korea situation at an important phase, the role China ought to play is very big,  Abe said.  China and Japan have also agreed to accelerate talks for an early implementation of a communication mechanism between their military forces, Abe said. He also proposed that Japan and China cooperate in doing business in third countries. China s statement about the meeting, released by the official Xinhua news agency, cited Xi as telling Abe that stable relations were in both sides  interests, and that they must make unremitting efforts to continue improving ties. The two countries  must take constructive steps to appropriately manage and control disputes that exist between the two countries , Xi added. ",1
15077,"South Korea, China agree to manage North Korea issue peacefully, in stable manner","SEOUL (Reuters) - The leaders of South Korea and China on Saturday agreed on the need to manage the security situation on the Korean peninsula in a stable way and to resolve North Korea-related tensions peacefully after a summit meeting, the South s presidential office said. For this, the two countries will strengthen strategic talks on all levels, presidential spokesman Yoon Young-chan told reporters in Danang, Vietnam, where a meeting between South Korean President Moon Jae-in and China s Xi Jinping was held on the sidelines of an APEC summit. Xi told Moon that he encouraged South Korea to resume dialogue with North Korea and re-engage with them for reconciliation and de-nuclearisation, state news agency Xinhua reported. Tension on the Korean peninsula rose last month as North Korea s leader Kim Jong Un and U.S. President Donald Trump exchanged war-like threats and insults over the North s nuclear and missile development program. China has been urged by both South Korea and the United States to take a more active role in curbing North Korea s nuclear and missile ambitions. Beijing has said it is complying with United Nations Security Council sanctions and doing all it can to curb the isolated state s provocative actions. During Saturday s summit, Moon and Xi also agreed to quickly normalize bilateral exchanges in all sectors, Yoon added, repeating what was said in the agreement announced last month when the two countries agreed to end a year-long standoff over the deployment of a U.S. anti-missile system.  South Korean companies with Chinese customers had suffered due to backlash from China, which has vehemently opposed the deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system. Xi urged South Korea to take a  responsible attitude on THAAD that stands the test of history , Xinhua said. Xi was quoted as saying it would be  new beginnings and a good start  by Yoon. Meanwhile, the two agreed for Moon to visit Xi in China in December to hold another round of summit talks, while Moon invited Xi to South Korea during the Pyeongchang Winter Olympic Games, which falls in February next year, the spokesman said. The Chinese president said he would try, and if he were unable to make it he would send a high-ranking team of envoys, cited Yoon. ",1
15078,Egyptian forces destroy arms smugglers' vehicles on Libya border,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egyptian military jets destroyed 10 vehicles carrying weapons, ammunition and smuggled goods near the country s western desert border with Libya, the army said on Saturday. Egypt s porous border with Libya has long been a headache for security forces as weapons flow across the frontier, but an attack on police last month claimed by a new militant group has highlighted the security challenges in the western desert.  The air force dealt with them and destroyed them completely and killed all the elements inside,  the army statement said, without giving a date of the operation. Egypt s security forces are battling a stubborn Islamic State insurgency in the northern Sinai region, where militants have killed hundreds of police and troops since 2014 when attacks there started to increase.  ",1
15079,Italy's populist 5-Star strengthens lead after Sicily vote: poll,"MILAN (Reuters) - The outcome of local elections in Sicily has further weakened the ruling party of former Prime Minister Matteo Renzi and strengthened the populist 5-Star Movement s lead, a poll conducted after the regional vote showed. Based on the IPSOS poll published in Saturday s Corriere della Sera, a center-right coalition would win next year s general election with 253 seats while the 5-Star would have 173 and Renzi s Democratic Party 164 together with a smaller ally, leading to a hung parliament. As Italy nears a national vote it must hold by May 2018, concerns are mounting it may leave the country ungovernable.  The poll conducted on Nov. 8-9, showed the 5-Star Movement now leads with 29.3 percent of preferences while the Democratic Party stands at 24.3 percent, having lost six percentage points in six months. Italy has just introduced a new electoral system that is expected to handicap the anti-establishment 5-Star favoring instead mainstream political blocs. The voting system - a mix of proportional representation and first-past-the-post - will benefit parties that form pre-election coalitions, something the 5-Star has always ruled out.       Seen as a dry run for next year s nationwide election, the Sicilian ballot held on Nov. 5 marked a strong political comeback for Silvio Berlusconi, handing government of the island to a center-right bloc backed by the four-times prime minister. Berlusconi s Forza Italia party had 16.1 percent of preferences according to the poll. The anti-immigrant Northern League another 15.3 percent and smaller center-right party Fratelli d Italia 5.1 percent. Half of the respondents in the poll said Renzi had been weakened by the Sicilian vote and should not run for premier again, while 32 percent thought he had remained the best option for the Democratic Party. Renzi stepped down as prime minister after voters rejected his landmark constitutional reform in December last year.  Half of the people polled said they thought the center-right would not be able to stay united once in power. ",1
15080,Yemen says Saudi-led coalition to allow commercial flights,"ADEN (Reuters) - The Saudi-led military coalition fighting against Yemen s Houthi movement will allow the resumption of international commercial flights to the country, a Yemeni government minister said, easing its nationwide blockade. The alliance said on Monday it had closed all air, land and sea ports in Yemen to stem the alleged flow of arms to the Houthis from Iran after Saudi Arabia intercepted a missile fired towards Riyadh, which it blamed on Tehran. Flights by national carrier Yemenia to the pro-Saudi government-held cities of Aden and Seiyun would resume on Sunday, Yemeni Transport Minister Mourad al-Halimi said. The United Nations had warned that a total blockade could cause a famine that could kill millions in Yemen, where 2-1/2 years of war has killed at least 10,000 people and unleashed famine and disease in the already impoverished country. The European Commissioner for humanitarian aid called on the Saudi-led coalition to allow aid to reach the Yemeni population.  The EU urges the Coalition to ensure the immediate resumption of the U.N. s flights and activities in the ports of Hodeida and Saleef and the opening of land borders for humanitarian relief and basic commercial commodities,  Christos Stylianides said on Saturday. The government-held southern Yemeni port of Aden was reopened on Wednesday, but ports in Houthi-held areas are still shut. The coalition reopened the al Wadea border crossing linking Saudi Arabia with territory in eastern Yemen on Thursday.  ",1
15081,Cameroon separatist attacks kill four security forces: government,"YAOUNDE (Reuters) - Separatists from Cameroon s Anglophone region have killed four security forces in several attacks over the past few days, the government said on Saturday, an unprecedented violent turn to a movement that risks morphing into a full blown insurgency. A government crackdown on the separatists has killed dozens of people since October and driven many into the arms of a once-fringe separatist movement ahead of presidential elections in 2018. It followed on from demonstrations a year ago by English-speakers in the western region bordering Nigeria against what they see as a marginalization by the mostly French-speaking government of President Paul Biya, who has been in power for 35 years. Only a minority want to secede, however. The secessionists have been around for decades, but operated underground and had been largely non-violent until a few weeks ago. A spokesman for the separatists acknowledged the latest attacks but disputed details of the government account, and said five security forces had been killed. In Saturday s statement, Communications Minister Issa Tchiroma gave more details of the killing of two gendarmes reported on Tuesday and Wednesday, and said two further attacks on Thursday night had killed two soldiers.  Referring to attacks earlier in the week, Tchiroma said assailants armed with machetes stormed a high school in the town of Jakiri on Tuesday. The separatists are disrupting schools that teach in French. Gendarmes arrived on the scene to stop them, but one was killed in the resultant scuffle.  Tchiroma said he was  executed , but Cho Ayaba, a leading member of the political wing of the separatist movement who lives abroad told Reuters in Dakar by telephone that he was  killed in a firefight. Then on Wednesday, in the restive city of Bamenda, another attack left a gendarme dead, Tchiroma said. Ayaba reported two deaths of security forces in that attack. On Thursday night, insurgents killed a soldier in Bamenda by slitting his throat, Tchiroma said, and another female soldier guarding a bridge.  As I speak, four members of the Defense and Security Forces on duty have been killed, murdered by terrorists on behalf of the secessionist movement,  Tchiroma said. Ayaba contradicted that, saying that all of the deaths had occurred in shootouts, and that no one had their throat slit.  That s absolute nonsense,  he said.  There was no physical contact.  Cameroon s language divide is a legacy of World War One, when the League of Nations split the former German colony of Kamerun between allied French and British victors. Hundreds of Anglophone Cameroonians were swept up in mass arrests following demonstrations on Oct. 1, and at least 5,000 have fled the crisis for neighboring Nigeria. The crackdown, which included cutting the Internet, locking up opponents and using helicopter gunships to fire on civilians,   and a lack of any political solution is fast transforming a protest movement into an armed rebellion.  Cameroon soldiers are enforcing an occupation,  Ayaba said.  The only thing that will make us stop these attacks is if the regime withdraws ... if they stop using the military to impose political exclusion and systematic terror on our people.  ",1
15082,"Ahead of Trump's visit to Philippines, a big thumbs up from U.S. veterans","SUBIC, Philippines (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump is no stranger to controversy and  he has often come in for sharp criticism both at home and overseas, but in the town of Subic in the Philippines, he s a hero. Once home to one of the biggest U.S. naval facilities in the world, Subic is a haven for retired servicemen who seem thrilled that Trump is visiting the Philippines, and convinced the divisive tycoon can do no wrong.  Trump, I back him big time,  said Mike McCarthy, a former master chief with the U.S. 7th Fleet, drinking in one of the American-themed bars that line Subic s main street, with names like  Alaska ,  Crazy Horse  and  Rolling Stone .  They won t allow him to govern, but he s smarter than them, always a step ahead,  he said of opponents of Trump.  The U.S. president arrives in the capital Manila on Sunday for a summit of Asian leaders, on the last leg of a tour that has taken him to Japan, South Korea, China and Vietnam.  He s just doing things a different way, his Tweeting, his strong words. But where has he made a wrong call yet?  said McCarthy. A native of Florida who has lived in Subic for a decade, McCarthy said Trump s respect for veterans meant he s a big hit with them and among the military.  If he asked me to come and meet him in Manila, I d be there in a shot,  he added. Trump is set to meet Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte and will try to shore up relations strained by the mercurial Duterte s notorious anti-U.S. sentiment and his enthusiasm for better ties with Russia and China. Others who will be in Manila for the summit meetings include Chinese Premier Li Keqiang, Russian Premier Dmitry Medvedev and leaders from Japan, South Korea, India, Australia, New Zealand and member-states of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations. The Philippines will deploy nearly 60,000 police and army personnel to provide security. The Philippines has for decades been a key U.S. defense ally and although the base was closed in 1992, Subic has since received a regular flow of retirees and visits by U.S. warships for repairs, resupply and exercises. About 220,000 Americans, many of them military veterans, live in the Philippines. An additional 650,000 visit each year, according to U.S. State Department figures. Subic has maintained its American feel, with bars offering military discounts and restaurants serving anything from baby-back ribs, buffalo wings and steaks to burgers named  shotgun  and an omelette called  the sheriff . It has tattoo parlors, liquor stores with signs advertising bourbon whiskey and a Harley Davidson repair shop servicing the easy-rider motorcycles that have long been a fixture in the town of 100,000 people, about a three-hour drive north from Manila. Veteran James Goodman, 51, has owned six bars during his 13 years in Subic. His latest venture,  Sit-n-Bull , has bar games, live sports and rock music that competes with the lively chatter of tattoo-clad patrons in tank tops. The walls are adorned with vehicle license plates from Florida, Ohio, California and Nevada, next to a neon-lit USA sign in red, white and blue. A guitar hangs next to a wood carving of a native Indian and an American Football playoff schedule offering hot dog promotions.  I m very glad Donald Trump is coming here, I believe he and President Duterte will get along,  said Goodman, from New Jersey.  He s for the American people ... I look forward to his leadership, I look forward to his re-election.  I d love to meet Trump, I d love to buy him a beer.  His business partner Ronn Oliver, 54, who runs a nearby restaurant of the same name, says veterans appreciate Trump and recognize his shrewdness.  He knows what he s doing, he shocks, but he sets up his opponents, he plays them, he knows what reaction he s gonna get,  said Oliver, a former serviceman and commercial fisherman from Seattle, Washington.  He needs to build more support, so people can catch up with what he s doing. They ve gotta give him a couple of years to get into it.  Christopher Lamb, 48, a fisherman who said he is from  Florida, says he shook Trump s hand four decades ago. Wearing a baseball cap and white vest, he offers a few slurred words that show his pride in Trump s rise to the presidency.  I met this man, he was nothing then, and now he s the most powerful man in the world,  said Lamb. Retiree Mike Allen, 66, from Ohio, has lived in Subic for a year and recognizes he might be the lone dissenter when it comes to Trump.  The military guys here, they love him,  he said, with a shake of the head.  He says one thing one day and another thing the next. He s isolating us and he loves white supremacists. An American president can t be like that.  ",1
15083,Suspects held in Franco-Swiss swoop face terrorism charges,"PARIS (Reuters) - Eight suspects have been placed under formal investigation in France following their arrest in joint counter-terrorism raids with Swiss authorities, a judicial source said on Saturday. The suspects were among 10 detained on Nov. 7 by French and Swiss police as the result of a four-month investigation into a group of young Islamists thought to have been radicalized by a Swiss imam, who was among those detained. [nL5N1ND33T] Following the arrests, French Interior Minister Gerard Collomb told French lawmakers the group was believed to have been planning attacks but had not yet chosen specific targets. Seven of the eight suspects placed under formal investigation have been remanded in custody, the judicial source said. A ninth person arrested in the French swoop was released without charge. ",1
15084,Indonesian forces prepare to storm Papua villages held by rebels,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesian security forces in the eastern province of Papua are preparing to storm five villages that they say are being held by an armed rebel group, police officials said on Saturday. Around 200 police and military personnel have been deployed and are awaiting orders to secure the area, where an armed separatist group linked to the Free Papua Movement (OPM) is preventing about 1,000 people from leaving an area near a giant copper mine, operated by the American miner Freeport-McMoRan Inc. [nL3N1NG46N]  Today the joint police and military forces have occupied various posts to be able to take action,  said Papua police spokesman, Suryadi Diaz.  They will be taken dead or alive,  he said of the around 100 rebels that police say have tortured and abused the villagers since taking over the area several days ago. A state of emergency has been declared in the area and at least 300 additional security forces have been deployed to the area of the province after a string of shootings since Aug. 17 that killed one police officer and wounded six.  The rebel group, the West Papua National Liberation Army (TPN-OPM), on Friday denied occupying villages near the mine, but said it was  at war  with the police, military, and Freeport. Papua has had a long-running and sometimes violent separatist movement since it was incorporated into Indonesia after a widely criticized U.N.-backed referendum in 1969. President Joko Widodo has sought to ease tension in the two provinces by stepping up investment, freeing political prisoners and addressing human rights concerns. This is the first escalation of violence during his term. Freeport s Grasberg mine has been dogged by security concerns for decades due to a low-level conflict waged by pro-independence rebels in Papua. Between 2009 and 2015, shootings within the mine project area killed 20 people and wounded 59. More recently, Freeport, the world s largest publicly listed copper producer, has been grappling with labor problems at Grasberg and a dispute with the Indonesian government over rights to the mine.[nL2N1N00LD] ",1
15085,Hezbollah says Saudi declares Lebanon war with Hariri detention,"BEIRUT/PARIS (Reuters) - Hezbollah s leader said on Friday that Saudi Arabia had declared war on Lebanon and his Iran-backed group, accusing Riyadh of detaining Saad al-Hariri and forcing him to resign as Lebanon s prime minister to destabilize the country. France became the first Western country to indicate that Saudi Arabia was holding Hariri against his will, saying it wished for him to have  all his freedom of movement and be fully able to play the essential role that is his in Lebanon . Hariri s resignation has plunged Lebanon into crisis, thrusting the small Arab country back to the forefront of regional rivalry between the Sunni Muslim monarchy Saudi Arabia and Shi ite revolutionary Iran.     Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah, the Hezbollah leader, said Saudi Arabia s detention of Hariri, a long-time Saudi ally who declared his resignation while in Riyadh last Saturday, was an insult to all Lebanese and he must return to Lebanon.      Let us say things as they are: the man is detained in Saudi Arabia and forbidden until this moment from returning to Lebanon,  Nasrallah said in a televised speech.  It is clear that Saudi Arabia and Saudi officials have declared war on Lebanon and on Hezbollah in Lebanon,  he said.     His comments mirror an accusation by Riyadh on Monday that Lebanon and Hezbollah had declared war on the conservative Gulf Arab kingdom. Riyadh says Hariri is a free man and he decided to resign because Hezbollah was calling the shots in his government.  Saudi Arabia considers Hezbollah to be its enemy in conflicts across the Middle East, including Syria and Yemen.    Western countries have looked on with alarm at the rising regional tension. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned other countries and groups against using Lebanon as vehicle for a larger proxy fight in the Middle East, saying Washington strongly backed Lebanon s independence and respected Hariri as a strong partner of the United States, still referring to him as prime minister.  There is no legitimate place or role in Lebanon for any foreign forces, militias or armed elements other than the legitimate security forces of the Lebanese state,  Tillerson said in a statement released by the U.S. State Department. Tillerson told reporters on Friday there was no indication that Hariri was being held in Saudi Arabia against his will but that the United States was monitoring the situation. The French foreign minister said earlier on Friday that he also believed Hariri was a free man - a statement at odds with the later French foreign ministry comment that it wanted Hariri to have  all his freedom of movement . Hariri has made no public remarks since announcing his resignation in a speech televised from Saudi Arabia, saying he feared assassination and accusing Iran and Hezbollah of sowing strife in the Arab world. Two top Lebanese government officials, a senior politician close to Hariri and a fourth source told Reuters on Thursday that the Lebanese authorities believe Hariri is being held in Saudi Arabia.  Nasrallah said Saudi Arabia was encouraging Israel to attack Lebanon. While an Israeli attack could not be ruled out entirely, he said, it was unlikely partly because Israel knew it would pay a very high price.  I warn them against any miscalculation or any step to exploit the situation,  he said.  Saudi will fail in Lebanon as it has failed on all fronts,  Nasrallah said. Riyadh has advised Saudi citizens not to travel to Lebanon, or if already there to leave as soon as possible. Other Gulf states have also issued travel warnings. Those steps have raised concern that Riyadh could take measures against the tiny Arab state, which hosts 1.5 million Syrian refugees. Hariri s resignation is being widely seen as part of a Saudi attempt to counter Iran as its influence deepens in Syria and Iraq and as Riyadh and its allies battle Iranian-allied Houthi rebels in Yemen. Hariri s resignation unraveled a political deal among rival factions that made him prime minister and President Michel Aoun, a political ally of Hezbollah, head of state last year. The coalition government included Hezbollah, a heavily armed military and political organization. Aoun told Saudi Arabia s envoy on Friday that Hariri must return to Lebanon and the circumstances surrounding his resignation as prime minister while in Saudi Arabia were unacceptable, presidential sources said. An  international support group  of countries concerned about Lebanon, which includes the United States, Russia and France, appealed for Lebanon  to continue to be shielded from tensions in the region . In a statement, they also welcomed Aoun s call for Hariri to return.    In comments to Reuters, top Lebanese Druze politician Jumblatt said Lebanon did not deserve to be accused of declaring war on Saudi Arabia.  For decades we ve been friends,  he said.  We are a country that is squeezed between two antagonistic interests, between Saudi Arabia and Iran,  he said.  The majority of Lebanese are just paying the price ... Lebanon can not afford to declare a war against anybody.  The Saudi foreign minister accused Hezbollah of a role in the launching of a ballistic missile at Riyadh from Yemen on Saturday. Saudi Arabia s Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman said Iran s supply of rockets to militias in Yemen was an act of  direct military aggression  that could be an act of war. Nasrallah mocked the Saudi accusation that Iran and Hezbollah were behind the firing of the missile from Yemen, saying Yemenis were capable of building their own missiles.  ",1
15086,France's Macron calls Lebanon's Aoun over PM resignation: Aoun's office,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron called Lebanese President Michel Aoun on Saturday to discuss developments in the shock resignation in Saudi Arabia last week of Lebanon s prime minister, Aoun s office said.  Macron, who made an unscheduled visit to Riyadh on Thursday, stressed France s commitment to supporting Lebanon, its unity and sovereignty, Aoun s office said in a statement. ",1
15087,Israel says downed Syrian spy drone over Golan Heights,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel shot down a Syrian spy drone over the Golan Heights on Saturday, the Israeli military said. The drone was downed with a Patriot interceptor missile over the Golan demilitarized zone that has separated Israeli and Syrian forces since the ceasefire deal that followed their 1973 war. The military initially told Reuters the UAV was Russian-manufactured but offered no evidence. A military source later said it was unclear whether the UAV was indeed Russian-made.   It was a reconnaissance UAV (unmanned aerial vehicle) and not an attack UAV and we are checking whether there is any connection to Iran and Hezbollah,  military spokesman, Lieutenant-Colonel Jonathan Conricus, told Reuters.  Israeli Defense Minister Avigdor Lieberman said Israel viewed the incident gravely and would respond to any provocation.   We hold the Syrian regime responsible for any firing or breach of sovereignty and call on it to hold back all players active in its territory,  Lieberman said in a statement. Russia intervened in the civil war on behalf of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in 2015, joining a de-facto alliance with Iranian forces, Lebanese Hezbollah and other Shi ite Muslim militias helping Damascus beat back Islamic State and other Sunni Muslim insurgent groups. Israel fears an eventual Assad victory could leave Iran with a permanent garrison in Syria, extending a threat posed from neighboring Lebanon by the Iranian-backed Hezbollah and has been lobbying Russia and the United States for reassurances that Iranian and Hezbollah forces will not be allowed to deploy near its border or set up bases within Syria.   We will not allow the Shi ite axis to establish Syria as its forefront base,  Lieberman said. The Golan, which Israel captured from Syria in the 1967 conflict, has seen spillover violence from the Syrian civil war. Israel has at times fired to foil what it deemed deliberate cross-border attacks and has struck suspected Hezbollah arms shipments around 100 times in Syria during the civil war. For its part, Russia has set up a military hotline to prevent warplanes or anti-aircraft units clashing accidentally over Syria. ",1
15088,Asylum-seekers get 24-hour reprieve from Papua New Guinea camp eviction,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Papua New Guinea will delay by at least 24 hours a plan to forcibly evict hundreds of men from an abandoned Australian detention center, three asylum seekers said on Saturday. Hundreds of men have barricaded themselves into the Manus island center for more than 11 days without regular food or water, defying closure bids by Australia and Papua New Guinea in what the United Nations calls a  looming humanitarian crisis . Rejecting United Nations calls to restore utilities to the camp, Papua New Guinea this week said it would  apprehend  those responsible for the stand-off when it forcibly evicted the men on Saturday. But several asylum seekers said Papua New Guinea officials told them detainees could remain until Sunday.  Police are talking on a microphone outside prison,  Behrouz Boochani, a Kurdish journalist from Iran, who has spent more than four years detained in the camp, told Reuters.  They re telling the refugees to leave, saying tomorrow will be the last day you are here,  he said in a text message. It was not immediately clear what caused the postponement. Pressure on the asylum seekers, drawn largely from Afghanistan, Iran, Myanmar, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, and Syria, has grown in recent days as Papua New Guinea tries to get them to  move to three transit centers. The asylum seekers fear reprisals if they move to the transit centers, pending possible resettlement in the United States. The main camp was closed on Oct. 31 and water and power have been cut off. Some island-dwellers are angry at what they perceive as preferential treatment for the asylum seekers, many of them well educated, in a poor, rural society, and some detainees have come under attack when on release from the camp. The patience of Papua New Guinea authorities has begun to wane, however, and they moved this week to remove camp fences and dismantle rainwater collection bins and makeshift shelters built to ward off the tropical sun and rain. Under pressure, groups of men have elected to move to the transit centers.  But the exact number left is difficult to ascertain, though Manus Island police commander David Yapu told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation about 400 remain. Several of those remaining told Reuters they would not move, setting the scene for a potential clash, which would further stoke international criticism of Australia. Australia has used the center, and a camp on the tiny Pacific island of Nauru, to detain asylum seekers who try to reach its shores by boat. It says boat arrivals will never enter Australia, even if found to be refugees, as this would encourage people smugglers in Asia. Australia says the policy prevents people drowning at sea, but it has been widely condemned. Acting Prime Minister Julie Bishop said there was no reason for the remaining men to choose to stay, rejecting criticism of inadequate facilities at the transit centers.  Over the last few months they have traveled to East Lorengau on many occasions and never raised any concerns,  Bishop told reporters in Perth. ",1
15089,Iraqi forces launch offensive to recapture last town in Islamic State control,"ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraqi forces launched an offensive on Saturday to capture Rawa, the last remaining town under Islamic-State control, leaving the group s self-proclaimed caliphate on the verge of complete defeat. The capture of the town would mark the end of Islamic State s era of territorial rule over a so-called caliphate that it proclaimed in 2014 across vast swathes of Iraq and Syria. Syria s army declared victory over the militants on Thursday, after seizing the last substantial town on the border with Iraq. The army and its allies were still fighting Islamic State in desert areas near Albu Kamal, the last town the militant group had held in Syria. Two Iraqi infantry divisions and Sunni tribal forces are participating in the offensive to recapture the small town of Rawa and its surrounding areas along the border with Syria, the Joint Operations Command said in a statement.  Last week, Iraqi forces recaptured the larger town of al-Qaim, in what Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi called  record time , leaving just a few small pockets of land in Islamic State s hands. Iraq has been carrying out its final campaign to crush the Islamic State caliphate while also mounting a military offensive in the north against the Kurds who held an independence referendum in September. ",1
15090,"Trump, Duterte meet for first time at APEC summit","DANANG, Vietnam (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump met Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte for the first time at the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Vietnam on Saturday. The meeting was  short but was warm and cordial,  Duterte s spokesman, Harry Roque, told reporters.  The leaders were generally pleased to finally meet each other in person,  he said. Trump told Duterte  see you tomorrow,  Roque said. Both the leaders are in Danang, Vietnam for the APEC summit. Trump will head to Manila on Sunday for the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) summit on the last leg of his 12-day Asian trip. Duterte - sometimes described  Trump of the East  because of his brash and mercurial style - had said on Wednesday that he would tell the U.S. president to  lay off  if he raised the issue of human rights when they met. More than 3,900 Filipinos have been killed in what the police call self-defense in Duterte s war on drugs. Critics say executions are taking place with zero accountability, allegations the police reject. But Trump, who has been criticized at home for neglecting rights issues in dealings abroad, in May praised Duterte for doing an  unbelievable job on the drug problem . Human rights, rule of law and due process were among topics Trump and Duterte would likely discuss during their bilateral talks, Sung Kim, U.S. ambassador to Manila, had said last month. ",1
15091,Syria peace talks not yet scheduled: Russian foreign minister,"DANANG, Vietnam (Reuters) - A Russian-sponsored Syrian peace initiative has not been scheduled yet, Russia s foreign minister Sergei Lavrov told Reuters on Saturday on the sidelines of the APEC summit in Vietnam. The Syrian Congress on National Dialogue had been expected to be held in southern Russia on Nov. 18 but was postponed.  ",1
15092,"Putin, Trump agree to defeat IS in Syria: Kremlin","DANANG, Vietnam (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin and U.S. President Donald Trump, in a joint statement on Syria, agreed to continue joint efforts on fighting Islamic State until it is defeated, the Kremlin said on Saturday. The two leaders also confirmed their commitment to Syria s sovereignty, independence and territorial integrity and called on all parties to the Syrian conflict to take an active part in the Geneva political process. Moscow and Washington agree there is no military solution to the conflict, according to the text of the joint statement published on the Kremlin s website. ",1
15093,Australian MP resigns over dual nationality in new blow for government,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia s Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said he would not call a general election after a citizenship crisis claimed another member of parliament on Saturday, leaving his government clinging to power with the support of two independents. Australia s constitution bars dual nationals from parliament, and Turnbull s centre-right coalition government was thrown into disarray last month by a High Court ruling that five of them were ineligible to be lawmakers. Earlier on Saturday, Conservative Liberal party MP John Alexander told reporters in Sydney he was no longer certain that he was solely Australian, and that meant he had to resign. Turnbull will deal with issues such as a no-confidence motion when they arise, he told a televised news conference in Vietnam s central city of Danang, where he is attending a summit of Asia-Pacific leaders.   We have the support of the crossbench on matters of confidence and supply. There is no question of that happening,  Turnbull added, ruling out the possibility of a no-confidence motion.  His centre-right coalition government must rely on the two independents to vote with it to safeguard its position and block the passage of legislation it opposes. Turnbull said he expected a Dec. 2 by-election would return Barnaby Joyce both to parliament and to his former position as deputy prime minister, thus bolstering the government. He ruled out an early return to Australia following Alexander s resignation.  It is my obligation that I must resign,  Alexander told a news conference.  That s what I will do. I think there is a great need for certainty, to clarify the situation and to do so as expeditiously as possible.  Alexander had been waiting for Britain s Home Office to clarify whether he held British citizenship by descent. It is not known whether they responded. He would have to confirm sole Australian citizenship before fighting a by-election to regain his seat. Alexander said he planned to contest the by-election which The Sydney Morning Herald said must be announced no later than Monday, to allow the minimum 33-day campaign required to hold the poll on December 16. Only the two independents now guarantee Turnbull s position after the High Court ruling expelled three members of the Liberal-National coalition government from parliament, with a fourth resigning days later, after confirming his dual nationality. ",1
15094,"China faces historic corruption battle, ruling party's new graft buster says","SHANGHAI (Reuters) - China must win its battle against corruption or face being erased by history, its new top graft buster said in an editorial on Saturday, underscoring the ruling Communist Party s focus on eliminating corrupt behaviour. Zhao Leji, appointed to the new seven-member Politburo Standing Committee last month and tasked to lead President Xi Jinping s signature war on corruption, wrote in the state-run People s Daily that failure would lead to the party s downfall.  If our control of the party is not strong and party governance is not strict, then the party won t be able to avoid being erased by history and the historic task the party carries will not be able to be fulfilled,  Zhao wrote. Xi, like others before him, has warned that corruption is so serious it could lead to the end of the party s grip on power. Xi s corruption fight has ensnared more than 1.3 million officials. At last month s five-yearly party congress he said it would continue to target both  tigers  and  flies , a reference to elite officials and ordinary bureaucrats. Zhao, formerly a low-profile official, replaced Wang Qishan, whose sweeping anti-graft campaign had made him China s second most-powerful politician.  The facts tell us and warn us that the party s position as the top political leader and power is the foundation of our political stability, economic development, national unity and social stability,  Zhao wrote. Zhao leads the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection (CCDI), having previously been in charge of the party s powerful organisation department, which is in charge of personnel decisions. He added that there would be no tolerance of people who  just do what they want to do  and ignore orders or carry on with banned behaviours like trying to get around policy decisions. Promotions also needed to be rigorously scrutinised, he said, a reference to numerous previous scandals where corrupt officials had abused their power or taken bribes to promote friends and family members.  Officials  personal files must be examined, and individuals  reports on their personal matters must be verified,  Zhao wrote. Above all, the leadership of the Communist Party had to be maintained, as the last 100 years of history had shown that without the party s leadership  there is no way out , he added. China has plans for a national supervision law and a new commission next year to oversee the expansion of Xi s graft fight. ",1
15095,Indonesia warns of tough response after Papuan rebels threaten Freeport,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesia s military said on Friday it was prepared to take tough measures against rebels who have threatened to  destroy  the mining operations of Freeport-McMoRan Inc in the eastern province of Papua in their independence struggle. Police say an armed separatist group linked to the Free Papua Movement (OPM) is preventing about 1,000 people in five villages from leaving an area near the giant Grasberg copper mine, operated by a unit of the Arizona-based company. A state of emergency has been declared and at least 300 additional security forces have been deployed to the area after a string of shootings since Aug. 17 killed one police officer and wounded six. The group, the West Papua National Liberation Army (TPN-OPM), on Friday denied occupying villages near the mine. Hendrik Wanmang, a representative of TPN-OPM, said none of its more than 2,000 fighters was stationed in the villages.  We cannot mingle with the community,  Wanmang said in a telephone interview.  That would endanger them.  Wanmang also denied police allegations his group had carried out rape and torture of civilians, saying villagers were  continuing to carry out activities as usual . But he warned that Freeport employees and security personnel remained in the area at their own risk.   We are at war against the National Police, Indonesian military and Freeport,  he said.  (TPN-OPM) will continue to fight until the root of this problem - Freeport - is removed,  Wanmang said. A Freeport Indonesia spokesman declined to comment. Papua Police spokesman Suryadi Diaz said the situation in the villages near the town of Tembagapura was  conducive  and the community was functioning  as usual .   They aren t hostage, but if you want to get to these villages you have to get past this armed criminal group,  Diaz said, referring to the OPM. Police were taking  persuasive steps  to resolve the conflict through negotiations and dialogue with community, religious and tribal leaders, he said. Authorities made conflicting statements about the situation. Indonesian military chief Gatot Nurmayanto said the group had taken hostages in the villages and the army would take a  hard  approach if necessary. Tough measures, including armed conflict, would be a last resort if negotiations with the group failed to resolve the issue, Papua military commander George Enaldus Supit said later, clarifying the statement. Wanmang said his group was not interested in negotiating.   If the government wants to send millions of national police and Indonesian military troops to protect the Freeport area, go ahead - they are just trying to protect the deception.  The Grasberg mine has been dogged by security concerns for decades, as pro-independence rebels have waged a low-level conflict in Papua. Between 2009 and 2015, shootings in the mine project area killed 20 people and wounded 59. More recently, Freeport, the world s largest publicly listed copper producer, has been grappling with labor problems at Grasberg and a mine rights dispute with Indonesia. The Freeport dispute is likely to overshadow efforts by President Joko Widodo s government to resolve conflict in Papua, the Institute for Policy Analysis of Conflict said.   Any violence in the Freeport area can involve multiple actors with multiple interests,  it said in a recent report.  Even if the OPM is blamed, Papuans will be asking who else was involved.  ",1
15096,Croatia government survives no-confidence vote over Agrokor debt crisis,"ZAGREB (Reuters) - The Croatian government survived a parliamentary no-confidence vote early on Saturday that the opposition demanded over the handling of a debt crisis at the country s largest private firm Agrokor [AGROK.UL]. In the vote, which followed 12 hours of a parliamentary debate, 59 deputies in the 151-seat parliament were in favor of the removal of the conservative-led cabinet, while 78 were opposed to it. The no-confidence motion came as the opposition led by the Social Democrats said a liquidity loan agreed in recent months with creditors, including foreign investment funds, to finance Agrokor s operations through a 15-month period of restructuring lacked transparency and favored some creditors. The analysts expected the motion to fail as the center-right cabinet comprising the conservatives and the liberals has a small but firm parliamentary majority. The government introduced an emergency law last April to step in because food group Agrokor, the largest employer in the Balkans, faced a debt and liquidity crisis that threatened to destabilize the country s economy. The opposition said that the loan deal was not transparent and appeared to favor some creditors. The government and Agrokor s crisis manager Ante Ramljak rejected the accusations. ",1
15097,"EU wants Brexit money this month, Davis seeks 'political' fix","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union told Britain on Friday to spell out what it will pay Brussels for when it leaves the bloc in 2019 or face more delay in talks on future trade ties that are vital for British business. After negotiations in Brussels, the first in a month, Brexit Secretary David Davis said during a news conference with his EU counterpart Michel Barnier it was time for  political discussions  to break a deadlock that has left both sides frustrated about a lack of progress.  Political  talks has in the past been code for Prime Minister Theresa May addressing fellow EU leaders directly, over the heads of Barnier and the EU executive, in order to square a circle in which Brussels will not address the future without a firm line from London on settling what the EU sees as past debts and May will not settle without assurances about future trade. May is due at a Brussels summit on Dec. 14-15 but EU officials insist that any breakthrough must be agreed at lower level first and weeks in advance to let the other 27 members agree a joint position. Progress in December is important for May as businesses seek clarity by the new year, when many will take investment decisions dependent on conditions after Brexit. A British budget due on Nov. 22 will, however, complicate the task for May in persuading hardline Brexit supporters of any need to meet Brussels  demand for tens of billions of euros to cover liabilities incurred in 44 years of EU membership.  Barnier stressed that he was not looking for a number from London but for a clearer undertaking than May gave in September on how far Britain would  honor its obligations .  It is absolutely vital if we are to achieve sufficient progress in December,  Barnier told reporters, adding not all details had to be settled but there needed to be  sincere and real progress . The clarifications should come within the next two weeks, Barnier said:  If that s not the case, then we will continue and that will pull back the opening of discussions on the future.  He said progress had to be made on all three key issues of the divorce talks - the money, the rights of EU citizens in Britain and how to avoid a  hard border  with EU-member Ireland. Davis said both sides made substantial technical progress on all the issues that need to be addressed.  This is now about moving into the political discussions that would enable both of us to move forward,  he said. British discussions with other national governments do not appear to have breached the unity of the 27 for now. And German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron, the bloc s most powerful leaders, have taken a particularly tough line on the money issue in Brussels. The EU executive has said Britain will owe it around 60 billion euros when it leaves. London has challenged the legal reasoning behind that but has not offered its own figure. One thing that was clarified on Friday was exactly when Britain would leave the Union. The EU had previously defined  Brexit hour  as  midnight  on March 29, 2019, exactly two years after May triggered the process. But it was unclear whether that meant midnight in Brussels or London. May and Barnier made statements on Friday stating that Brexit will happen in London at 11 p.m. (2300 GMT) on Friday, March 29. That will be midnight in the EU capital.     Davis repeated the declaration made by May in September in Florence that EU countries will not need to pay more or receive less for the remainder of the current EU long-term budget ending in December 2020:  The UK will honor the commitments we made during the period of our membership,  he said. Barnier said both sides moved ahead on citizens  rights and that Britain gave  useful  clarifications on a process through which EU citizens could obtain a  settled status  but the EU needed reassurances on how such a system would work. He said issues related to family reunification, the right to export social security benefits and the role of the European Court of Justice still need work. On the problems of avoiding a  hard border  between the British province of Northern Ireland and EU-member Ireland, Davis and Barnier said more work must be done. ",1
15098,Saudi Arabia says Saudi citizen kidnapped in Lebanon,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia said on Friday a Saudi citizen had been kidnapped in Lebanon, a country with which it is in a diplomatic crisis. Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain have advised their citizens against traveling to Lebanon and urged those already there to leave, as tensions rise in what is seen as a new front line in the regional rivalry between Saudi Arabia and Iran. Top Lebanese government officials have said they believe Saudi Arabia is holding Saad al-Hariri who resigned as Lebanese prime minister from there last weekend. Riyadh says Hariri is a free man and he decided to resign because Iran-allied Hezbollah was calling the shots in his government. The Saudi embassy in Beirut announced the kidnap of one of its citizens, but gave no details of the person s identity of the circumstances of the abduction.  The embassy is in contact with the highest ranking Lebanese security authorities about securing the unconditional release of a kidnapped Saudi citizen as soon as possible,  it said in a statement quoted by the Saudi state news agency SPA. Lebanese Interior Minister Nohad Machnouk said on the Lebanese state news agency the safety of Saudi residents and visitors was a priority for the Lebanese authorities. He added that  security services are on high alert to prevent any attempt of exploiting the current political situation from anyone and for whatever reason.   Tampering with the security and stability of Lebanon is a red line.  ",1
15099,Jailed German-Turkish reporter sees Turkey drifting toward fascism,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Deniz Yucel, a German-Turkish journalist detained by Ankara since February, has accused Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan of subjecting his entire society to a  regime of fear  and said Turkey is drifting toward fascism. Yucel, 44, a correspondent for the newspaper Die Welt, made the remarks in a lengthy interview with the German newspaper die tageszeitung to be published on Saturday.  Turkish authorities arrested Yucel, on Feb. 14 on charges of propaganda in support of a terrorist organization, during a wave of arrests prompted by a failed coup attempt in July 2016. Germany is backing a complaint filed by Yucel with the European Court of Human Rights, and has repeatedly called for him and other Germans being held in Turkey to be released.  The detentions have contributed to a sharp deterioration in relations between the two NATO allies. In total, Ankara has jailed more than 50,000 people pending trial and suspended or dismissed some 150,000 state workers including teachers, judges and soldiers since the coup, which Turkey blames on the movement of U.S-based cleric Fethullah Gulen. Gulen has denied any role, and condemned the coup. Yucel told the newspaper he remained in solitary confinement at Silivri prison, west of Istanbul.  Solitary confinement is torture,  he said. Yucel also said that even his prison guards were afraid of making a wrong move:  A regime of fear is not directed solely at its critics, but also affects members of the oppressive apparatus.  He said Erdogan himself had the most to fear:  He knows what to expect if he loses power, and that is why he is subjecting the whole society to his regime of fear.  Yucel said he hoped the European Court would act quickly on his case after a Nov. 28 deadline for Turkey to submit its position, but that he was not sure what to expect. He said that, like many of Erdogan s critics, he was disappointed that the court had rejected cases brought by teachers and government workers affected by the crackdown, which Erdogan says is necessary to guarantee Turkey s stability.  But I also know the European Court of Human Rights was founded to deal with individual human rights violations, not to stop a whole country drifting into fascism,  he said. The newspaper said the interview had been conducted in writing via Yucel s lawyers. ",1
15100,Exclusive: South Sudan's government using food as weapon of war - U.N. report,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - South Sudan President Salva Kiir s government is using food as a weapon of war to target civilians by blocking life-saving aid in some areas, United Nations sanctions monitors told the Security Council in a confidential report seen by Reuters on Friday. During 2016 and 2017, the U.N. monitors said a military campaign by government troops in the northwestern town of Wau and surrounding areas in Western Bahr el-Ghazal targeted civilians on ethnic grounds and displaced more than 100,000.  The government has during much of 2017 deliberately prevented life-saving food assistance from reaching some citizens,  the monitors wrote.  These actions amount to using food as a weapon of war with the intent to inflict suffering on civilians the government views as opponents to its agenda.    The denial of aid had caused extreme food insecurity among large sections of the population, with malnutrition and death by starvation the documented outcome, in particular in the Greater Baggari area in Wau County,  they said in the report submitted to the U.N. Security Council s South Sudan sanctions committee. South Sudan s mission to the United Nations did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the U.N. report.  South Sudan spiraled into civil war in late 2013, two years after gaining independence from Sudan, and a third of the 12 million population has fled their homes. The conflict was sparked by a feud between Kiir, a Dinka, and his former deputy Riek Machar, a Nuer, who is being held in South Africa. The United Nations has warned that the violence in South Sudan was providing  fertile ground  for a genocide. U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley visited the Juba late last month, where she told Kiir that the United States had lost trust in his government and risked losing Washington s support if he did not pursue peace. The U.N. monitors reported that the government had regularly denied humanitarian aid access to certain parts of the population, in particular areas outside the town of Wau, which was visited by U.N. Security Council ambassadors in September last year.  One of those areas, Greater Baggari, is noteworthy for the persistent and systematic nature of the government s access denials, and the catastrophic humanitarian conditions that have resulted,  the independent U.N. monitors said. In August, the government eased restrictions, allowing aid groups to distribute food and lifesaving assistance to more than 12,000 people in Greater Baggari. Villages had been looted and burned and crops destroyed, the U.N. monitors wrote.   One humanitarian assessment mission told the U.N. monitors that 164 young children and elderly had died from hunger and disease between January and September 2017. The report by the U.N. monitors found that despite the catastrophic conditions across South Sudan, armed forces, groups and militias - particularly those affiliated with Kiir and Vice President Taban Deng Gai - continued to  actively impede both humanitarian and peacekeeping operations.  U.N. peacekeepers have been deployed in South Sudan since 2011. An East African bloc, IGAD, led two rounds of peace talks over two years, culminating in a brief power-sharing agreement signed by Kiir and Machar in 2015. But even as IGAD urges a new ceasefire, the warring parties are preparing for more fighting.  The coming dry season in South Sudan will, absent a change in the current conflict dynamics, see further fighting and civilian suffering as the government continues to pursue military victory over political compromise,  the U.N. monitors wrote. ",1
15101,German parties see momentum in coalition talks despite lingering divisions,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German parties cited progress on Friday after three weeks of talks about a three-way coalition, with their leaders due to thrash out remaining differences over transport and climate on Sunday. Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives, which bled support to the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) in the Sept. 24 election, are trying to forge a coalition government with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and the environmentalist Greens. The chiefs of the parties huddled on Friday evening to review progress in the talks thus far, but planned no statements.  They had initially hoped to agree on the outlines of a coalition deal by Friday after the two smaller parties dropped demands this week on tax and climate policy, but later decided to meet again on Sunday before a final push by full delegations for an outline deal next week. Still, the overall tone was more upbeat than at the end of the previous week.  We re heading into the home stretch,  Horst Seehofer, head of the Christian Social Union, the Bavarian sister party of Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU), told reporters. Seehofer and FDP leader Christian Lindner said they were optimistic that the exploratory talks could be wrapped up next week, paving the way for weeks of detailed negotiations about the exact terms of a coalition contract. But Michael Kellner, a top negotiator for the Greens, demanded more compromises from the other parties. The FDP this week gave ground by agreeing to accept more modest income tax cuts than a campaign pledge of 30-40 billion euros ($35-46 billion) of relief.  In an interview with the German magazine Der Spiegel on Friday, Lindner also signaled a readiness to compromise on the euro zone s European Stability Mechanism, moving away from a campaign pledge to shut down the rescue fund. The Greens for their part dropped their insistence on fixed dates for shutting down coal-fired power stations and banning cars with internal combustion engines. But the parties remain divided on whether or not to push for a euro zone budget, on Europe s banking union and on the use of drones in military conflicts, as well as German participation in   foreign military missions, according to draft papers seen by Reuters. They must also agree how to meet key targets for reducing carbon dioxide emissions, how to deal with the pollution caused by diesel cars already on the road, and whether to introduce a law that would ease tax rates for venture capital projects. If the parties fail to reach agreement, Germany could be forced into a new election that could unsettle investors at a time when many in the European Union are looking to Europe s biggest economic power for leadership on issues ranging from euro zone governance to transatlantic relations. Merkel, seeking a fourth term as chancellor, hopes to reach agreement in the exploratory talks by Nov. 16. She plans to take the broad outlines of what is agreed to key conservative party leaders in five meetings the following weekend, the CDU said. ",1
15102,"Poland's president, ruling party reach compromise on court reforms","WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland s president and its ruling party have reached a compromise on judicial reform, a parliamentary deputy said on Friday, bringing them closer to resolving an issue that has kept them at odds for more than three months. The government and President Andrzej Duda have been negotiating since July, when Duda unexpectedly vetoed legislation backed by the ruling Law and Justice (PiS) party to overhaul the Polish court system.  We ve reached a preliminary agreement ... I hope that in late November we could discuss the project in  parliament,  PiS parliamentary deputy and negotiator Stanislaw Piotrowicz said on Friday. The proposals vetoed by Duda would have immediately removed all current Supreme Court judges unless they had the approval of the justice minister. Parliament would have gained the right to name most of the National Council of the Judiciary, which would nominate future candidates to preside over the Supreme Court. By giving parliament effective control over appointing - and sacking - senior judges, the proposals raised alarms in the rest of the European Union, of which Poland is a member. The EU said they undermined the independence of the courts and threatened the rule of law. The proposed compromise would still give parliament the right to name members of the National Council of the Judiciary, but that would require a three-fifths majority in the lower house of parliament, Piotrowicz said. Opposition parties would gain the right to propose judges, too. If candidates failed to gain approval, they could be chosen by a simple majority, he said. The PiS says the judicial system needs to be reformed because the courts are slow, inefficient and steeped in a communist-era mentality.  Duda s veto of parts of the reforms and his proposed limits on its authority over the court system created a stalemate that could have stalled the party s plans to reform not just the courts but the media and the electorate system as well. The compromise announced today still needs to be approved by the president and the leadership of PiS. ",1
15103,Burundi rejects International Criminal Court war crimes investigation,"AMSTERDAM/NAIROBI (Reuters) - Burundi said on Friday it will refuse to cooperate with an International Criminal Court (ICC) investigation into war crimes  prosecutors suspect were committed by forces loyal to President Pierre Nkurunziza s government against their political opponents. The court ordered a formal investigation on Thursday into crimes committed between April 2015 to October 2017. But experts say it will be hard for ICC Prosecutor Fatou Bensouda to gather evidence without support from Burundi s government, which last month became the first to withdraw from the Hague-based court amid waning support from African nations. An earlier ICC case in Kenya fell apart due to opposition from the government of President Uhuru Kenyatta. Like Burundi, Kenya and South Africa have threatened to withdraw from the court, arguing that it disproportionately targets Africans.    The government rejects that decision (to investigate) and reiterates its firm determination that it will not cooperate,  said Burundi s Justice Minister Aimee Laurentine Kanyana.   Unrest has gripped Burundi since Nkurunziza said in April 2015 he would seek a third term in office, triggering protests and a crackdown by security forces. He won re-election that July but opponents boycotted the vote, saying his decision to stand violated the constitution and the terms of a peace agreement that had ended a war in the central African country. The ICC says that under international law it still has jurisdiction over crimes committed while Burundi was a member.    Judges said Bensouda should investigate whether crimes against humanity were committed including murder, torture, rape and persecution. Government forces are suspected to have killed more than 1,000 people and displaced 400,000 during the crackdown. Human rights groups say the number killed could be far higher. Human rights groups and opposition politicians in Burundi welcomed the court s decision. Charles Nditije, the exiled head of Burundi s opposition platform CNARED, called the move  a victory for justice .... for those who want the return of peace and rule of law to Burundi.  Armel Niyongere, a Burundian lawyer representing families of the victims, said he would assist Bensouda s investigation.  Legal experts said Bensouda may be unable to bring any suspects to the Hague as long as Nkurunziza remains in power.  I suspect that it will be very challenging for the ICC to access ... evidence in Burundi  said Berlin-based international criminal justice lawyer Angela Mudukuti. Bensouda s decision was courageous and she will likely seek to use evidence obtained by interviewing refugees who have fled to neighboring Tanzania and Rwanda, said Karine Bonneau, a senior official at the Paris-based International Federation for Human Rights.  She had very little choice but to open an investigation given the gravity of the crimes,  she said. Others said the prosecution was largely symbolic. Bensouda s job is in part to deter future crimes, said Thijs Bouwknegt, an Africa expert at the Netherlands  Institute for War, Holocaust and Genocide Studies.  If she acts like some super human rights watchdog and names and shames people I think this may be effective,  he said. ",1
15104,"Pope, in change from predecessors, condemns nuclear arsenals for deterrence","VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope Francis appeared to harden the Catholic Church s teaching against nuclear weapons on Friday, saying countries should not stockpile them even for the purpose of deterrence. His remarks, at the start of a disarmament conference that brought 11 Nobel Peace Prize winners to the Vatican, appeared to go further than previous popes. They have said that while nuclear weapons should never be used, holding arsenals solely to deter other countries from using them could be morally acceptable as a step toward achieving a nuclear-free world. Addressing the group in the 16th century frescoed Clementine Hall of the Vatican s Apostolic Palace, Francis spoke of  the catastrophic humanitarian and environmental effects of any employment of nuclear devices . He added:  If we also take into account the risk of an accidental detonation as a result of error of any kind, the threat of their use, as well as their very possession, is to be firmly condemned.  As tensions between the United States and North Korea have increased, the pope has often warned that a nuclear conflict would destroy a good part of humanity and called for a third country to mediate the dispute. In his address, Francis did not directly mention the North Korea tension, but spoke in general of a  climate of instability and conflict  and a  mentality of fear  in the world today.  International relations cannot be held captive to military force, mutual intimidation, and the parading of stockpiles of arms,  he said. He also said international laws against proliferation of nuclear weapons had not kept new states from acquiring them. Money used to develop or modernize weapons should instead be spent on helping the poor and protecting the environment. Douglas Roche, Canada s former Ambassador for Disarmament and a former senator, told the conference the pope s remarks against possession of nuclear weapons were  historic  and asked  national conferences of Catholic bishops to work to make it known. Another participant suggested the pope should write an encyclical letter addressed to all Catholics on the moral imperative to ban nuclear weapons. Among those who met the pope were Beatrice Fihn, executive director of the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN) and Mohamed El Baradei, director general emeritus of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA). Fihn, whose group won the Nobel this year, told Reuters she asked the pope to lead all 1.2 billion Catholics around the world in prayer for an end to the threat of nuclear weapons on Sunday, December 10, when her group is due to collect the prize.  Tensions are really high and the risks for nuclear weapons  use is higher than at the height of the Cold War, the Cuban missile crisis. I think that s really serious and we need to urgently do something about this,  she said. El Baradei, who won the peace prize in 2015, was asked how he would respond to U.S. President Donald Trump s threat to use unprecedented  fire and fury  against North Korea if it threatened the United States.  I go to pray,  he said. ",1
15105,U.S. citizen facing subversion charges in Zimbabwe released from jail,"HARARE (Reuters) - A U.S. citizen accused of attempting to subvert President Robert Mugabe s government was released from Zimbabwe s maximum security jail on Friday, a day after the High Court ordered her to be freed on bail, Reuters witnesses said. Judge Clement Phiri ruled on Thursday that there was a  patent absence of facts  in the state s case against 25-year-old Martha O Donovan, whose arrest last week centered on accusations she insulted 93-year-old Mugabe in a Twitter post. She denies the accusation. Reuters witnesses saw O Donovan leaving prison in a United States embassy vehicle. O Donovan and her lawyers did not speak to reporters waiting outside Chikurubi Maximum Prison on the outskirts of Harare. State prosecutors accuse O Donovan of writing a Twitter post in October calling Mugabe a  selfish and sick man .  The government has since last year been targeting activists and government critics who use social media to speak out against Mugabe, cash shortages in banks and a foreign currency crunch that has caused a sharp rise in prices. Amnesty International said it feared O Donovan would not be the last to be arrested in the government s  clamp down on social media platforms .  Activist pastor Evan Mawarire, whose #ThisFlag movement last year organized the biggest stay-at-home demonstration in a decade, is on trial on a charge of subversion. He faces a separate trial for a similar offence. ",1
15106,Militant threat hangs over Islamic State's former Libyan stronghold,"SIRTE, Libya (Reuters) - Nearly a year after Islamic State was driven from its Libyan stronghold Sirte, residents surveying their wrecked homes feel neglected and vulnerable, still afraid of the militant threat that has waned but not vanished. Though security in the Mediterranean coastal city has improved, residents remain wary of jihadists in the desert to the south who have stepped up their activity in recent months, setting up checkpoints and carrying out occasional attacks. In a country where fighting between rival forces frequently flares, Sirte is particularly exposed. It sits in the center of Libya s coastline on the dividing line between loose alliances aligned with rival governments in Tripoli and the east.  If the situation continues like this then Daesh (Islamic State) will come back, no doubt. There was a reason why they came. People were angry, felt sidelined,  said Ali Miftah, a civil servant and father of five.  Now we don t get any support from the government. Look at these ruins. We lost everything.  Last month, Islamic State gunmen staged a suicide attack in Misrata, the coastal city about 230 km (140 miles) to the northwest that led the campaign last year to expel the militants from Sirte. IS also has sleeper cells in other cities along Libya s western coast, security officials say, and there is concern foreign fighters seeking sanctuary after defeats in Syria and Iraq could once again exploit the country s security vacuum and link up with al Qaeda-linked militants in the desert south. Divisions among Libya s many armed factions and uncertainty over how long the forces from Misrata that drove Islamic State out will remain in Sirte are compounding residents  worries. In parts of the city, life is slowly returning to normal, though Islamic State s black logos are still visible on some shops and inhabitants struggle with cash shortages and failing public services, as they do elsewhere in Libya. But in areas that saw the heaviest fighting, families see little hope of rebuilding their homes. Sirte, the home city of former Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, was pounded by nearly 500 U.S. air strikes between August and December last year. In El Manar and Giza Bahriya, once among Sirte s best neighborhoods, houses looking onto the crystal blue Mediterranean are now crumpled piles of twisted metal and concrete, doors blasted from their metal frames.  A damaged primary school said to have once been attended by Gaddafi lies abandoned. Residents say skeletons among the rubble have been left to be tested to see if they belong to Islamic State fighters, or their captives. They are also scared to search their ruined homes because of the unexploded ordnance in the wreckage. Local forces man checkpoints on the outskirts of Sirte and carry out patrols to the south. But they say they lack the vehicles and weapons to pursue the jihadists, who have retreated into mobile desert camps. Instead, they rely on the U.S. air strikes that have killed dozens of suspected militants this year.  We contain the threat but we cannot chase them in their camps because we lack the right equipment like four-wheel cars needed to drive in the desert,  said Taher Hadeed, an official with the forces securing Sirte.  It won t be possible for Daesh to take back the city, but there is a risk of attacks.  The forces that led the campaign against Islamic State in Sirte last year are nominally loyal to the U.N.-backed government in Tripoli to the west - and Sirte now represents the eastern limit of their control. Beyond, forces loyal to Khalifa Haftar s Libyan National Army control oil terminals they seized during the campaign. But for now, the two sides do not coordinate, said Mohamed al-Ghasri, a military spokesman from Misrata. Residents and officials in Sirte say the threat cannot be dealt with without proper support from the state and professional security forces.  They are suffering from a lack of services and we don t see any real efforts or results on the ground at any level,  said Siddeeq Ismaiel, a municipal official. An estimated 2,500-3,000 homes need to be built so families forced to live in other parts of Sirte or Misrata can return.   This will never end if there is no government,  said Hamza Ali, a 34-year-old university employee, standing near his brother s ruined house.  It will stop maybe for two, three, four, five, six months, then you will hear an explosion somewhere if there is no official security, police.  ",1
15107,"EU parliament questions independence of police, judiciary in Malta","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union lawmakers have raised concerns over money laundering in Malta and the independence of its police and judiciary in a draft resolution, stepping up pressure on the island after the assassination of an investigative journalist. Daphne Caruana Galizia, who had denounced high-profile corruption and accused Prime Minister Joseph Muscat of wrongdoing, was killed on Oct. 16 by a bomb that tore through her car.  An investigation is under way and Muscat has promised that everything will be done to find the killers. Next week the EU parliament will vote on a resolution on the rule of law in Malta. In a draft text, seen by Reuters, the parliament said it  regrets that developments in Malta in recent years have led to serious concerns about the rule of law, democracy and fundamental rights including freedom of the media and the independence of the police and judiciary . It said that  the independence of law enforcement and the judiciary in Malta may be compromised by the fact that the government is empowered to appoint the Police Commissioner, the head of the FIAU (anti-money laundering agency) and the attorney-general . The resolution called on the European Commission to oversee more closely respect for the rule of law in Malta and regretted the EU executive s decision not to publish its anti-corruption report this year. At a news conference on Friday, the largest group in the parliament, the conservative European People s Party (EPP), called on the EU commission to  urgently  step up its monitoring of Malta.  We think there are serious questions regarding the freedom of media and the lack of law enforcement in Malta,  said Daniel Koster, an EPP spokesman. He said the EPP had doubts about what the commission was doing to address this situation. The calls from the conservatives were echoed by the liberal, leftist and green groupings in the assembly. Reports from the Maltese anti-money laundering agency were leaked in June via Caruana Galizia s blog. They raised concerns about Pilatus Bank, a Maltese lender accused of having failed to report suspicious dealings as required by law. The EU lawmakers  draft resolution calls on Malta to investigate Pilatus Bank. The bank and the Maltese police did not reply to Reuters  questions on the allegations.  There appear to be no grounds to suspect a systematic breach,  of money laundering rules in Malta, an EU Commission official told Reuters in reply to questions over the island s application of EU rules on money laundering. The draft resolution, citing findings of the parliament s inquiry committee on money laundering, said Maltese institutions in charge of enforcing rules to prevent financial crimes were  highly politicized .  The number of convictions and confiscations related to money laundering in Malta seems extremely low,  it said. ",1
15108,Russia to amend law to classify U.S. media 'foreign agents',"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s parliament warned on Friday some U.S. and other foreign media could be declared  foreign agents  and obliged to regularly declare full details of their funding, finances and staffing. Vyacheslav Volodin, the speaker of the State Duma, said parliament could back legislation as early as next week in response to what lawmakers view as U.S. pressure on Russian media.  Possible restrictions will be the same as those taken by the United States,  Interfax news agency quoted him as saying.  He said some U.S. media in Russia were trying to turn U.S. public opinion against Moscow.   We understand that it s essential to protect the interests of our citizens and the country and we will do this in the same way as the country which lays claim to be the gold standard and mentor and which is constantly talking about freedom.  Russian lawmakers said the move was retaliation for a demand by the U.S. Department of Justice that Kremlin-backed TV station RT register in the United States as a  foreign agent , something Moscow has said it regards as an unfriendly act. The U.S. action against RT was taken after U.S. intelligence agencies accused Russia of trying to interfere in last year s U.S. presidential election to help President Donald Trump win the White House, something Moscow has denied.     Russia faces a presidential election next March. Vladimir Putin is widely expected to stand again and to win. He remains broadly popular though critics accuse him of suppressing dissent, not least by tight control of domestic media. Lawmakers will conduct a first reading of the new restrictions on Nov. 15 and try to complete approval in two further readings by the end of next week.  U.S. and any other foreign media that fall under the new restrictions could have to regularly disclose to Russian authorities full details of their funding, finances and staffing and might be obliged to say on their social media profiles and internet sites visible in Russia that they are  foreign agents . The Duma earlier this year launched an investigation into  whether CNN, Voice of America, Radio Liberty and  other American media  were complying with Russian law. U.S. government-sponsored Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty (RFE/RL) said last month Moscow had threatened to brand their Russian language service projects  foreign agents  in retaliation for U.S. pressure on RT. On Friday, Joanna Levison, RFE s director of media and public affairs, declined to speculate about how the latest move might affect the broadcaster, but said RFE had  every intention  of continuing its journalistic work in Russia.  ... While RT is able to work and distribute its content freely in the U.S., RFE/RL has lost all of its broadcast affiliates in Russia due to administrative pressure, it has no access to cable TV, and its reporters are beaten and harassed,  Levison said in an emailed comment. Russia said last month it had dropped accusations against CNN International of violating Russian media law and that the U.S. channel could continue broadcasting in Russia. San Francisco-based social network Twitter has also angered Russian authorities when it accused RT and the Sputnik news outlet of interfering in the 2016 U.S. election and banned them from buying ads on its network. ",1
15109,TPP trade pact in disarray as Canada holds up talks,"DANANG, Vietnam (Reuters) - Efforts to revive the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal foundered on Friday when Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau failed to show up for a meeting to agree a path forward without the United States. The lack of a deal on the sidelines of the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit underscored the convulsions in global trade policy since U.S. President Donald Trump abandoned the TPP early this year in the name of an  America First  approach. Speaking ahead of the APEC summit, Trump said he only wanted bilateral trade deals in Asia - and deals in which the United States was not at a disadvantage. It was left to President Xi Jinping of China to champion a multilateralist vision of trade with a speech in the Vietnamese resort city of Danang that described globalisation as an irreversible trend. It was partly to counter China s growing dominance in Asia that Japan had been lobbying hard for the TPP pact, which aims to eliminate tariffs on industrial and farm products across an 11-nation bloc whose trade totaled $356 billion last year. Japan said ministers from the 11 remaining countries reached broad agreement to push ahead with it on Thursday, though Canada had said that was not true. The leaders of 10 of the countries arrived for a meeting on Friday, but officials said Trudeau did not.  The Canadian side said today they are not yet at the stage where its leader can confirm the agreement reached among ministers,  Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe told reporters, adding that all the other leaders had agreed. Canadian officials said the TPP was not dead and they were still at the table in Danang. They say Canada cannot be rushed into an agreement if it isn t beneficial enough for Canadian jobs.  If we need to keep working at other tables, so be it. Let s get it right,  said one Canadian official. Canada s position is complicated by renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) with the Trump administration. An agreement to push forward TPP would have been a boost for the principle of multilateral trade deals as opposed to the Trump approach. APEC, whose leaders hold their full summit on Saturday, has itself been buffeted by the changes under Trump. Talks between trade and foreign ministers from the group failed to reach agreement on their usual joint statement in the face of U.S. demands to remove language about supporting free trade and fighting protectionism.  I see a tremendous shift,  Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said at the summit.  I see the rise of anti-globalisation, the rise of more inward-looking (policies), which ironically is against the whole philosophy of setting up of APEC.  Trump set out a strong message which made clear there was no turning back - particularly in a region which he believes is taking U.S. jobs by running trade surpluses with the United States.  We are not going to let the United States be taken advantage of anymore,  Trump said.  I am always going to put America first, the same way that I expect all of you in this room to put your countries first.  He expressed a willingness to do bilateral deals in the region on the basis of mutual respect and mutual benefit, while saying the United States had suffered from World Trade Organisation (WTO) rules by obeying them while others did not.  It signaled clearly a move away from the rules-based multilateral system that the U.S. has actually done very well under,  James Fatheree of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce business lobby group told Reuters.  We have done well in helping lead the system.  President Xi made clear China s aspiration to take that leadership role in a speech that immediately followed Trump s.  Should we steer economic globalisation, or should we dither and stall in the face of challenge? Should we jointly advance regional cooperation or should we go our separate ways?  Xi asked.  Openness brings progress, while self-seclusion leaves one behind.  ",1
15110,TPP nations agree 'core elements' of a deal: final statement,"OTTAWA (Reuters) - The 11 nations working on a new version of the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade pact have agreed to the core elements of a deal but more work remains, according to a draft of the final statement seen by Reuters on Friday. The statement, which is due to be issued on Saturday, marks a successful conclusion to talks in Vietnam which at one stage had looked headed for failure amid resistance by Canada. ",1
15111,"Man deliberately rams car into students in southern France, three hurt","TOULOUSE, France (Reuters) - A man deliberately drove his car into a group of people outside a school near Toulouse in southern France on Friday, injuring three Chinese students, police sources said.  The driver of the vehicle, a 28-year-old man, was known to police for committing minor offences but was not on a terrorism watchlist, the sources said. He was arrested at the scene. One of the students, a young woman, was being treated for serious head injuries.  For the moment, it is not being looked at as a terrorist incident although it is also not ruled out,  the Toulouse prosecutor said in a statement.  The driver has long suffered from psychological problems and was hospitalized until Dec. 2016, the prosecutor said. More than 240 people have been killed in France since early 2015 in attacks by Islamist militants or assailants inspired by the Islamic State group. Monday will mark the second anniversary of attacks in Paris that killed more than 130 people. Earlier this week, French police arrested nine people and another was arrested in Switzerland in coordinated counter-terrorism swoops. ",1
15112,"German parties back NATO, want good ties with Russia: document","BERLIN (Reuters) - German parties exploring a coalition government have underscored their commitment to the NATO alliance and transatlantic ties, but also said they wanted good relations with Russia, according to a draft document seen by Reuters. The three-page paper, to be considered by Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives, the pro-business Free Democrats and the Greens later on Friday, mapped out broad agreement on a pragmatic approach to foreign policy, multilateralism and a strong commitment to global trade.  We want to strengthen the diplomatic resources of Germany, putting a priority on civilian crisis prevention, active crisis management and long-term stabilization,  the paper said. It said the parties were committed to ridding the world of nuclear weapons and would launch a new diplomatic drive for nuclear disarmament, pushing for a more European approach on many issues. It gave a nod to the Greens by saying the parties agreed to take a  restrictive  approach to weapons exports, and would push for a joint European arms export policy.  The paper also underscored the importance of global trade and called for efforts to strengthen the central role of the World Trade Organization (WTO). It said the prospective coalition government would maintain close ties to the U.S. administration, but would also seek to expand ties with U.S. state governments and cities. Many of those entities have said they will defy a decision by President Donald Trump to withdraw from the Paris climate agreement. The paper also contained several bracketed sentences that had not yet been agreed, including a proposal by the Greens to withdraw the NATO nuclear weapons that remain on German soil, and to ban all weapons sales to countries involved in the war in Yemen. The parties also remain at odds over the use of armed drones and over foreign military missions, the draft document showed. Also missing from the draft is any mention of the NATO target of moving toward spending 2 percent of gross domestic product (GDP) on defense by 2024. Officials close to the talks say the target should not be included in the coalition agreement since the target date is well beyond the four-year scope of the deal. ",1
15113,Poland's ruling party plans legal changes ahead of 2018 local elections,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland s ruling Law and Justice (PiS) party said on Friday it planned legal changes to enhance democracy ahead of local elections next year but analysts said the measures aimed to boost the party s electoral prospects.     The party came third at the last local election in 2014 and its proposals, to be debated in parliament this month, would smooth a path for candidates supported by parties such as itself and make it harder for independent candidates backed by citizens committees. Opinion polls show the nationalist party is supported by 37 percent of the electorate and many voters say its policies fight inequality. The European Union, however, says that its policies undermine democracy and the rule of law.   We will introduce two terms for mayors and presidents starting from 2018. (We also plan) to replace majority electoral law with a proportional system,  PiS deputy Lukasz Schreiber told a news briefing. Critics say many voters appreciate the PiS welfare program and so turn a blind eye to changes it has made to the judiciary and media aimed at cementing its rule. The party wants changes including scrapping single-member constituencies in which the candidate with the most votes wins, party representatives told reporters in parliament on Friday. PiS leader Jaroslaw Kaczynski says the present system is undemocratic and creates scope for abuses. Kaczynski has no formal post in the government but is seen as the ruler of the former communist country of 38 million people. On Friday, state television showed a quote from Kaczynski from last month in which he said the system of single-member constituencies was undemocratic because it led to entrenched local leaders all-but certain to win re-election.  There are some places in Poland where we (PiS) received 40 percent of votes (in local elections) but we have nothing or almost nothing. It is undemocratic. It creates a danger of abuses ... and one needs to eliminate this,  he said. Local elections are expected in late 2018. Many town leaders elected in 2014 had the support of local committees rather than established parties. The leaders are called presidents in cities and mayors in towns. The biggest opposition party Civic Platform, which is centrist, came second in that election while the PiS was third.  Initial information suggests that the PiS project favors big parties as it scraps single-member constituencies. This looks like politicizing the local election,  said Anna Materska-Sosnowska, a political analyst at Warsaw University. Critics say the party has taken control over state companies, institutions, media, and the judiciary in order to strengthen its power and improve party s chances in future elections. ",1
15114,Saudi-led coalition opens Yemen border crossing; aid agencies warn of famine,"ADEN/GENEVA (Reuters) - The Saudi-led military coalition fighting against Yemen s Houthi movement reopened a land border crossing, partly easing a blockade imposed earlier this week, but aid agencies warned of famine and a health catastrophe if other ports stay shut.  The coalition said on Monday it would close all air, land and sea ports in Yemen to stem the flow of arms to the Houthis from Iran, after Saudi Arabia intercepted a missile fired toward its capital Riyadh. The al Wadea border crossing, linking Saudi Arabia with territory in eastern Yemen controlled by the Saudi-backed government, was reopened on Thursday, a Yemeni official and witnesses said, letting food and other supplies across. The United Nations has said that a total blockade of Yemen could cause a famine that could kill millions. The government-held southern port of Aden was reopened on Wednesday, but ports in Houthi-held areas are still shut. The Houthis, drawn mainly from Yemen s Zaidi Shi ite minority and allied to long-serving former president Ali Abdullah Saleh, control much of the country including the capital San aa. Saudi Arabia and its Arab allies have been waging war against them on behalf of the government of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi, based in Aden. The Saudis and their allies say the Houthis get weapons from their arch-foe, Iran. Iran denies arming the Houthis and blames the conflict in Yemen on Riyadh. Yemen s stocks of fuel and vaccines will run out in a month unless the Saudi-led coalition allows aid into the blockaded port of Hodeidah and the airport at San aa, UNICEF s representative in the country said on Friday. Meritxell Relano, speaking by phone to reporters in Geneva, said fuel prices had risen 60 percent and there were urgent concerns about a diphtheria outbreak, as well as food shortages because of the port closure.  The situation that was already catastrophic is just getting worse,  she said.  The impact of this is unimaginable in terms of health and diseases.  After two years of civil war, Yemen has 7 million people on the brink of famine and has had 900,000 suspected cholera cases in the past six months.  United Nations aid chief Mark Lowcock said on Wednesday that if the coalition did not allow humanitarian aid access to Yemen, it would cause  the largest famine the world has seen for many decades, with millions of victims.  The cholera epidemic had abated in recent weeks with the number of cases slowing amid a major push to fight the disease. But the World Health Organization said the progress could be reversed by the blockade.  If the closure is not stopped in the coming days, we may see that the progress is stopped,  WHO spokeswoman Fadela Chaib told a briefing in Geneva.  We can see even more cases and more deaths as a result of not being able to get access to people.  The closure of Hodeidah port prevented a ship setting sail from Djibouti with 250 tonnes of WHO medical supplies on Wednesday. Trauma kits in particular are running short.   If the hostilities continue and the ports remain closed, we will not be able to perform life-saving surgeries or provide basic healthcare,  Chaib said.  Germany will double its aid to UNICEF for Yemen to 20 million euros this year to help deal with looming famine, bringing its total annual aid to Yemen to 70 million, a spokeswoman for the development ministry said on Friday.  The suffering of the people in Yemen is inconceivable and it threatens to become much worse,  Development Minister Gerd Mueller told Passauer Neue Presse newspaper.  We must act now to prevent the death by starvation of millions of women, children and men.  ",1
15115,Hezbollah says Saudi declares Lebanon war with Hariri detention,"BEIRUT/PARIS (Reuters) - Hezbollah s leader said on Friday that Saudi Arabia had declared war on Lebanon and his Iran-backed group, accusing Riyadh of detaining Saad al-Hariri and forcing him to resign as Lebanon s prime minister to destabilize the country. France became the first Western country to indicate that Saudi Arabia was holding Hariri against his will, saying it wished for him to have  all his freedom of movement and be fully able to play the essential role that is his in Lebanon . Hariri s resignation has plunged Lebanon into crisis, thrusting the small Arab country back to the forefront of regional rivalry between the Sunni Muslim monarchy Saudi Arabia and Shi ite revolutionary Iran.     Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah, the Hezbollah leader, said Saudi Arabia s detention of Hariri, a long-time Saudi ally who declared his resignation while in Riyadh last Saturday, was an insult to all Lebanese and he must return to Lebanon.      Let us say things as they are: the man is detained in Saudi Arabia and forbidden until this moment from returning to Lebanon,  Nasrallah said in a televised speech.  It is clear that Saudi Arabia and Saudi officials have declared war on Lebanon and on Hezbollah in Lebanon,  he said.     His comments mirror an accusation by Riyadh on Monday that Lebanon and Hezbollah had declared war on the conservative Gulf Arab kingdom. Riyadh says Hariri is a free man and he decided to resign because Hezbollah was calling the shots in his government.  Saudi Arabia considers Hezbollah to be its enemy in conflicts across the Middle East, including Syria and Yemen.    Western countries have looked on with alarm at the rising regional tension. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned other countries and groups against using Lebanon as vehicle for a larger proxy fight in the Middle East, saying Washington strongly backed Lebanon s independence and respected Hariri as a strong partner of the United States, still referring to him as prime minister.  There is no legitimate place or role in Lebanon for any foreign forces, militias or armed elements other than the legitimate security forces of the Lebanese state,  Tillerson said in a statement released by the U.S. State Department. Tillerson told reporters on Friday there was no indication that Hariri was being held in Saudi Arabia against his will but that the United States was monitoring the situation. The French foreign minister said earlier on Friday that he also believed Hariri was a free man - a statement at odds with the later French foreign ministry comment that it wanted Hariri to have  all his freedom of movement . Hariri has made no public remarks since announcing his resignation in a speech televised from Saudi Arabia, saying he feared assassination and accusing Iran and Hezbollah of sowing strife in the Arab world. Two top Lebanese government officials, a senior politician close to Hariri and a fourth source told Reuters on Thursday that the Lebanese authorities believe Hariri is being held in Saudi Arabia.  Nasrallah said Saudi Arabia was encouraging Israel to attack Lebanon. While an Israeli attack could not be ruled out entirely, he said, it was unlikely partly because Israel knew it would pay a very high price.  I warn them against any miscalculation or any step to exploit the situation,  he said.  Saudi will fail in Lebanon as it has failed on all fronts,  Nasrallah said. Riyadh has advised Saudi citizens not to travel to Lebanon, or if already there to leave as soon as possible. Other Gulf states have also issued travel warnings. Those steps have raised concern that Riyadh could take measures against the tiny Arab state, which hosts 1.5 million Syrian refugees. Hariri s resignation is being widely seen as part of a Saudi attempt to counter Iran as its influence deepens in Syria and Iraq and as Riyadh and its allies battle Iranian-allied Houthi rebels in Yemen. Hariri s resignation unraveled a political deal among rival factions that made him prime minister and President Michel Aoun, a political ally of Hezbollah, head of state last year. The coalition government included Hezbollah, a heavily armed military and political organization. Aoun told Saudi Arabia s envoy on Friday that Hariri must return to Lebanon and the circumstances surrounding his resignation as prime minister while in Saudi Arabia were unacceptable, presidential sources said. An  international support group  of countries concerned about Lebanon, which includes the United States, Russia and France, appealed for Lebanon  to continue to be shielded from tensions in the region . In a statement, they also welcomed Aoun s call for Hariri to return.    In comments to Reuters, top Lebanese Druze politician Jumblatt said Lebanon did not deserve to be accused of declaring war on Saudi Arabia.  For decades we ve been friends,  he said.  We are a country that is squeezed between two antagonistic interests, between Saudi Arabia and Iran,  he said.  The majority of Lebanese are just paying the price ... Lebanon can not afford to declare a war against anybody.  The Saudi foreign minister accused Hezbollah of a role in the launching of a ballistic missile at Riyadh from Yemen on Saturday. Saudi Arabia s Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman said Iran s supply of rockets to militias in Yemen was an act of  direct military aggression  that could be an act of war. Nasrallah mocked the Saudi accusation that Iran and Hezbollah were behind the firing of the missile from Yemen, saying Yemenis were capable of building their own missiles.  ",1
15116,"France suggests Hariri not free, urges he play role in Lebanon","PARIS (Reuters) - France s foreign ministry on Friday nuanced comments made earlier by its minister, suggesting that former Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri may not be free and urging that he continue to play his rightful role in the country. Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian had told Europe 1 radio that as far as France was aware, Hariri  was free of his movements  and that it was  important he made his own choices.   However, when asked by reporters in a daily briefing to clarify those comments, a foreign ministry spokesman said France wanted Hariri to be free, suggesting he may not be.  We wish that Saad al-Hariri has all his freedom of movement and be fully able to play the essential role that is his in Lebanon,  deputy foreign ministry spokesman Alexandre Georgini said. He added that France s envoy to Saudi Arabia had seen Hariri after a short-trip to the United Arab Emirates earlier this week. French officials said the ministry s latest comments were the most accurate. France s ambassador to Saudi met Hariri before President Emmanuel Macron s unscheduled visit to Riyadh to meet Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman on Thursday. Paris has close ties with Lebanon, a former colony, and with Hariri, who has a home in France after spending several years in the country. Macron said in Dubai on Thursday there had been informal contacts with Hariri, but no request to transfer him to France. Two top Lebanese government officials said on Thursday that Riyadh was holding Hariri captive and a third told Reuters that the Saudi authorities had ordered Hariri to resign while he was in Riyadh last weekend, and put him under house arrest. Le Drian is due in Saudi Arabia on Nov. 16 and is scheduled to also travel to Iran later in the month.  ",1
15117,Tillerson warns region against using Lebanon as proxy for conflict,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Friday warned other countries and groups against using Lebanon as vehicle for a larger proxy fight in the Middle East, saying the United States strongly backed Lebanon s independence. Tillerson said he recognized Saad al-Hariri as Lebanon s prime minister and called him a  strong partner of the United States.  Hariri unexpectedly resigned his post at the weekend from the Saudi Arabian capital of Riyadh and accused Iran and its Lebanese ally Hezbollah of sowing strife in the Arab world. His resignation thrust Lebanon into the front line of a regional competition between Sunni Saudi Arabia and Shi ite Iran that has also buffeted Syria, Iraq, Yemen and Bahrain. Tillerson s backing of Hariri and the Lebanese government contrasted sharply with the approach taken by U.S. ally Saudi Arabia which has lumped Lebanon with Hezbollah as parties hostile to it.  There is no legitimate place or role in Lebanon for any foreign forces, militias or armed elements other than the legitimate security forces of the Lebanese state,  Tillerson said in a statement. Lebanese authorities have said Hariri is being held against his will in Saudi Arabia, a charge that Riyadh has denied. Tillerson earlier said there was no indication Hariri was being held in Saudi Arabia against his will but that Washington was monitoring the situation.  Tillerson s statement said there was no legitimate role in Lebanon for any  foreign forces, militias or armed elements  - an apparent reference to Hezbollah and its regional backer, Iran. But Tillerson also cautioned against  any party, within or outside Lebanon, using Lebanon as a venue for proxy conflicts or in any manner contributing to instability in that country.  ",1
15118,Lebanese offshore oil and gas licensing round continues despite political crisis,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s Energy Minister on Friday called on companies bidding in its first round of licensing to explore for oil and gas in its Mediterranean waters to begin technical discussions, suggesting the process would continue despite the political crisis. Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri resigned in a speech from Saudi Arabia last Saturday and has yet to return to the country, sparking a political crisis. President Aoun has said he will not accept Hariri s resignation until he returns to the country, while the Lebanese authorities have said they consider the government to still be legitimate. And Energy and Water Minister Cesar Abi Khalil said on Twitter that he signed a document on Friday calling on companies who submitted bids for the offshore license blocks  to negotiate the technical proposals . Lebanon sits on the Levant Basin in the eastern Mediterranean where a number of big subsea gas fields have been discovered since 2009, including the Leviathan and Tamar fields situated in Israeli waters near to the disputed marine border with Lebanon. Lebanon re-launched the tendering competition for the  exploration and production rights in January after a three-year delay due to political paralysis.  However, a consortium made up of France s Total, Italy s ENI and Russia s Novatek, made the only offer in the tendering process which closed on October 12, with bids for two of the blocks.  The Lebanese Petroleum Administration has said it will evaluate bids for the offshore blocks and present them to the energy minister by Nov. 13. Final approval will then be sought from Lebanon s council of ministers. ",1
15119,France's Macron treads fine line in Iran-Saudi minefield,"PARIS (Reuters) - With U.S. President Donald Trump tightly aligned with Saudi Arabia against Iran, France is positioning itself as a broker between the Sunni and Shi ite Muslim rivals, but neutrality may leave it with little leverage.  With tensions between Riyadh and Tehran rising sharply since Saad Hariri s resignation as Lebanon s prime minister, President Emmanuel Macron made an unscheduled stopover to meet Saudi s powerful Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman on Thursday. The move, made ahead of a possible visit by Macron to Iran next year, is in line with the young president s foreign policy style of being engaged but non-committal, trying to mediate between all sides without unsettling anyone.  There is a stronger capacity for initiative than before,  former foreign minister Alain Juppe told journalists on Friday.  It reminds me a little of (President Nicolas) Sarkozy leaving for Georgia in 2012. It s good that the president is getting his hands dirty. It s an initiative he has taken and may work.  During a visit to Dubai on Thursday, Macron was carefully balanced, calling for a firm international stance over Iran s nuclear and ballistic missile program while implicitly warning that Riyadh s approach toward its rival was excessive.  That tightrope walking may help protect French business ties in Iran and buy time with the Saudis, but diplomats are concerned the 39-year-old president, new to international affairs, may ultimately leave France exposed.  We should be reducing our exposure to the region. We have a lot of hits to take without having pressure points to weigh on them,  said a French diplomatic source.  I don t think it s in our interest to play a role in quarrels between powers.  Under Sarkozy and Francois Hollande, who respectively aligned themselves with Qatar and Saudi Arabia, France nurtured new links with the Sunni-ruled Gulf Arab states and adopted a tough stance on Iran during nuclear negotiations. But during his election campaign, Macron promised a different approach. He openly criticized Saudi Arabia and Qatar for their perceived support of Islamist groups across the region, and since the nuclear deal brought an end to sanctions, France has revived old business and investment ties to Iran. Yet over the same period, Saudi s 32-year-old crown prince has shaken up the landscape. He has forged close ties with Trump, adopted an ever more confrontational line against Iran and, in the past week, dramatically uprooted his own nation s political structures.   France is trying to act as a balance between Iran and Saudi Arabia,  said Dominique Mo si, special adviser in charge of international relations at the Paris-based Montaigne Institute.  At a time when the situation is worsening in the region, it is offering itself as an intermediary after Trump chose one camp over the other,  he said, referring to Trump s decision to decertify the Iran nuclear deal.  Macron has tried to be nuanced, offering something to everyone. He has vowed to stick to the nuclear deal with Iran, while talking up ties with Trump and Saudi Arabia. At the same time, he has threatened new sanctions against Tehran over its ballistic missile program and promised to address its growing hegemony in the region. Iran for one isn t buying it.  I don t think this policy works,  said a senior Iranian official speaking on condition of anonymity.  If a country like France tries to appease, the effect on someone like Trump will be contrary and will simply embolden the administration.   French officials insist Paris has a role to play in various international conflicts given its position as a veto-wielding member of the U.N. Security Council and its historical ties in the Middle East. They say that by remaining neutral, France will prove credible and consistent in the long-term. Since Macron took power he has offered to mediate in Libya, Ukraine, Syria, the Qatar crisis and even Venezuela, each time carefully trying to avoid taking sides. But it may not pay off.  France has understood full well that there is a leadership problem on the part of the Americans and it understands that it s potentially an opportunity to make a difference,  said Jalel Harchaoui, a geopolitics researcher at Paris 8 University.  But so far it seems that Macron and his team have been very distracted, in a hurry to announce big initiatives but delivering very little.  ",1
15120,Little hope of peace talks as renewed fighting looms in South Sudan,"KAMPALA (Reuters) - As fresh fighting looms in South Sudan with the onset of the dry season, there is little chance of peace talks to end a war that has already killed tens of thousands of people and created Africa s largest refugee crisis, diplomats and analysts said.  South Sudan s December-to-May dry season usually intensifies clashes because travel is easier on the impoverished country s unpaved roads, which turn to mud in the rains.  It would be a miracle if they get anything done,  said Peter Biar Ajak, a civil society leader who consults with African and western diplomats on the country s stop-start peace process. South Sudan s war began in late 2013 between soldiers of President Salva Kiir, an ethnic Dinka, and his former vice president, Riek Machar, a Nuer, devastating the country s swampy northeast.  A third of the country s 12 million-strong population has fled their homes amid persistent reports of gang rape and ethnic violence. An East African bloc, IGAD, led two rounds of peace talks over two years, culminating in a brief power-sharing agreement signed by Kiir and Machar in 2015. But even as IGAD urges a new ceasefire, the warring parties are preparing for more fighting. The government plans to deploy a new force to around oil fields in the northeast, while rebels told Reuters they had procured new weapons in September and are organizing in the south.  We re long past the point where power-sharing is a viable solution in South Sudan, if it ever was,  said Payton Knopf, former head of a U.N. experts panel for South Sudan. Kiir s government has little reason to negotiate; it holds the military upper hand and captured Machar s main base in the northeast this year.  The rebels are disorganized: Machar is under house arrest in South Africa and his subordinates are scattered across six countries.  Complicating matters, many new groups have cropped up over the last 18 months and want to participate in peace talks. Four parties signed the 2015 deal. This time, IGAD has named more than 20.  This is where the test is now,  said Alex Rondos, the EU s Special Representative to the Horn of Africa.  Can IGAD begin to exert a degree of united influence on all the parties to begin to find some degree of common ground?  IGAD lost some credibility when a U.N. experts panel in September accused rival countries in the bloc of pursuing their own, conflicting interests. The South Sudanese government is also part of IGAD.   IGAD is not speaking with one voice,  said Rebecca Garang, a prominent opposition-aligned figure.  President Salva is part of the IGAD even when he is part of the conflict.  ",1
15121,Two wanted men injured by Saudi security forces in Qatif,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Two men wanted by Saudi authorities were injured when security officers tried to capture them, state news agency SPA reported on Friday.  Mohammed Al-abdelal and Moustafa Al Subaiti were arrested on Thursday in the eastern town of Tarout in the Qatif province, where many Shi ite Muslims live, SPA reported citing a statement by the interior ministry. The statement added the detained were taken to hospital to be treated from injuries they sustained as they resisted security forces. The ministry did not say why the men were wanted. A security campaign in recent months against Shi ite Muslim gunmen in the small eastern town of Awamiya has reduced dozens of buildings in the town of Awamiya to ruins and forced thousands of residents to flee. The oil-producing region is home to a large Shi ite population and has been a flashpoint between the Sunni Muslim government and Shi ites complaining of discrimination. ",1
15122,Trump and Putin shake hands at APEC summit dinner,"DANANG, Vietnam (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and Russia s Vladimir Putin shook hands at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit dinner in Vietnam on Friday, even though the White House said there would be no formal meeting. Trump and Putin smiled and stood next to each other for the traditional group photograph. Then they parted to sit at different parts of the table. The White House said earlier that no formal meeting was planned because of scheduling conflicts on both sides, though it was possible they would bump into each other.  In terms of a scheduled, formal meeting, there s not one on the calendar and we don t anticipate that there will be one,  White House press secretary Sarah Sanders told reporters minutes before landing in Danang. The main meeting of leaders from APEC countries is on Saturday in the Vietnamese resort city of Danang. Trump is on the fourth leg of a 12-day tour of Asia. ",1
15123,Catalan speaker freed on bail but gagged for election campaign,"MADRID (Reuters) - The Catalan parliament s speaker was released from prison on Friday but the terms she agreed to seem likely to prevent her campaigning on a pro-independence ticket in a regional election next month. Carme Forcadell appeared in the Supreme Court in Madrid on Thursday to answer charges of rebellion, sedition and misuse of public funds, after she enabled a declaration of independence by the Catalan parliament in late October that prompted the Spanish government to take control of the region. She was released on bail of 150,000 euros after agreeing to renounce any political activity that went against the Spanish constitution, according to the court s ruling. Those terms threaten to further undermine an independence movement in which cracks are starting to appear. Court sources had quoted Forcadell and other summoned Catalan lawmakers as telling the judge that the independence declaration had not been legally binding - comments that the Spanish government welcomed on Friday.  We see ... in the statements from the separatist leaders how the return to a constitutional order is starting to become a reality,  Spanish government spokesman Inigo Mendez de Vigo told reporters. Judge Pablo Llarena said the court could reconsider its ruling if it found evidence of Forcadell offending again, in effect banning her from campaigning for independence in the Dec. 21 election. Following the independence declaration, Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy used his power to fire the administration of Catalan president Carles Puigdemont, dissolve Catalonia s parliament and call a new election. Puigdemont at the time called the declaration a major step toward establishing an independent Catalan state, and Forcadell described Rajoy s response as a coup and an  attack against democracy . On Tuesday, the PDeCAT party of Puigdemont   who flew to Brussels after being deposed   failed to agree on a united ticket to contest the election with another secessionist party, denting the pro-independence camp s hopes of pressing ahead with its bid to split from Spain after the election. In a last-ditch attempt at a united front, Puigdemont said on Friday he was still willing to lead an independent civic group, but none of the parties immediately offered it any backing. Forcadell left the Alcala Meco prison outside Madrid after the Supreme Court said in a statement it had received her bail payment.  Forcadell tweeted:  We re returning home. With the calm knowledge of having acted correctly: guaranteeing freedom of expression in the parliament, the center of national sovereignty.  Authorities are continuing to investigate her role in Catalonia s banned independence drive, and the court confiscated her passport and ordered her to report to authorities once a week. The court had summoned her along with five Catalan lawmakers, four of whom were released on Thursday on 25,000-euro bail after surrendering their passports. The fifth was released without bail or conditions. Eight former members of the Catalan government and the leaders of the two main pro-independence grassroots groups remain in prison pending a separate investigation by the High Court.  Puigdemont, who also faces charges of rebellion and sedition, is appealing in Belgium against an international arrest warrant served by Spain. A grassroots Catalan pro-independence group, the Catalan National Assembly (ANC), said it had paid Forcadell s bail and called a protest for Saturday to demand the release of the others. ",1
15124,"France wants Hariri movements' free, able to play role in Lebanon","PARIS (Reuters) - France s foreign ministry said on Friday it wanted Lebanon s Saad al-Hariri to be free of his movements and fully able to play an essential role in his country.  Our ambassador to Saudi Arabia visited Saad al-Hariri at his home on his return from the trip he made to the United Arab Emirates, to which the (foreign) minister (Jean-Yves Le Drian) referred to this morning,  French deputy foreign ministry spokesman Alexandre Georgini said.  As the minister said, we wish that Saad al-Hariri has all his freedom of movement and be fully able to play the essential role that is his in Lebanon,  he added.  The comments appeared to differ slightly from Le Drian, who said on Europe 1 radio Friday morning, that as far as France was aware Hariri was free of his movements and that it was important he made his own choices.  ",1
15125,Norway receives first F-35 fighter jet,"OSLO (Reuters) - Norway on Friday received the first three of the 40 F-35 fighter jets it ordered from Lockheed-Martin as part of efforts to beef up its air force. Norway is the fourth country after the United States, Israel and Italy to receive the planes.  These warplanes will improve the entire Norwegian defense,  General Major Tonje Skinnarland, head of the Norwegian airforce, told broadcaster TV2.  Their main task was to secure air control, to allow other parts of Norwegian defense to operate safely, she said. From next year, the Norwegian airforce will take delivery of six aircraft a year. In total, Oslo has committed to order 40 F-35 planes, with another 12 on the books - planes for which Norway has expressed an interest but not placed a firm order.  The estimated cost of acquiring 52 new combat aircraft would be NOK 67.9 billion ($8.36 billion) in 2015 values, including support equipment, simulators, weapons and training, according to the Norwegian Ministry of Defence. ",1
15126,Hezbollah leader says Saudi declared war on Lebanon and Hezbollah,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Hezbollah leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah said on Friday Saudi Arabia had declared war on Lebanon and Hezbollah, and said Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri, who resigned in a speech from Riyadh on Saturday, was being detained in Saudi.  In a televised address Nasrallah said Hariri s resignation was an  unprecedented Saudi intervention  in Lebanese politics and called for Hariri to return to Lebanon. He said Lebanon s government was still legitimate and had not resigned.  ",1
15127,Ireland sees 'a way to go' before agreement on border in Brexit talks,"DUBLIN/BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Ireland s foreign minister warned on Friday there was still  a way to go  in Brexit talks on the Irish border and welcomed an EU paper suggesting Britain needs to avoid  regulatory divergence  with the bloc if it wants to maintain a soft border. The future EU/UK land border between Ireland and Northern Ireland is one of three issues   along with the exit bill and safeguarding expatriate rights   that Brussels wants broadly solved before it decides in December whether to give the green light to move on to talks on future trade relations.  I think that there is a way to go between the two negotiating teams to be able to provide credible answers and sufficient progress in the context of the Irish border before we can move on to Phase Two,  Coveney told Irish state broadcaster RTE.   While we welcome the language we get from the British government in the context of north-south challenges... there has always been a scepticism on how we are going to get there in the context of the British approach to Brexit as a whole.  The Irish government has called on Britain to do more than simply promise a  hard  border will not return between it and Northern Ireland, which until a 1998 peace deal was separated by military checkpoints because of 30 years of sectarian violence in the British province. The best way to achieve this is by maintaining the same regulations on both sides of the border, Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said on Friday, adding that this did not amount to a demand that any part of the UK remain in the EU customs union. That point was underlined in a working paper circulated to governments by the EU s Brexit task force this week, a copy of which was seen by Reuters. It said it was essential the UK committed to ensuring no regulatory divergence emerges from the customs union if it wants to prevent a hard border. While Britain restated its commitment on Friday to avoid erecting any physical infrastructure on the border, it also plans to quit the customs union and does not want to be bound by EU rules and regulations once it leaves. Brexit minister David Davis said a deal on the border was only possible in the context of talks on future trade and that  cannot amount to creating a new border inside the UK , a nod to the Northern Ireland unionists backing his government firmly opposed to the province staying in the customs union. Coveney said the working paper showed that the other 26 EU countries remained  absolutely in sync  with Ireland on the issue and EU diplomats said there had been no shift in position. While some analysts saw it pushing for Northern Ireland to effectively remain in the customs union and single market in order to ensure regulations remained the same on both sides of the border, it can equally be read as suggesting the whole United Kingdom must not let its rules diverge far from the EU.  This is simply confronting the British with the logic of Brexit and the avoidance of a hard border,  one senior EU diplomat said.  Either London ensures no regulatory divergence between north and south but allows divergence between Great Britain and Northern Ireland that would create an effective customs border in the Irish Sea, he added.  Or, to avoid a new internal UK border as Davis said, the UK as a whole must continue to follow EU market rules and standards closely   something that EU Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier called for on Thursday.  They need to clarify this to have sufficient progress,  one Irish official said.  Asked whether Ireland might veto a move onto trade talks, Coveney said he did not think it was helpful  at this stage  to talk about individual countries blocking things.  ",1
15128,Abe says agreed with Putin to implement U.N. sanctions on North Korea,"DANANG, Vietnam (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Friday that he had agreed with Russian President Vladimir Putin to implement United Nations sanctions on North Korea strictly.  On North Korea, we have agreed to implement U.N. sanctions strictly and to continue cooperating closely,  Abe told reporters after meeting Putin on the sidelines of an Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Danang, Vietnam. ",1
15129,"U.S.'s Tillerson concerned over Saudi purge, monitoring Hariri situation","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia s Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman s recent political purge raises concerns and remains unclear but does not appear to amount to mass arrests, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told reporters on Friday.  Separately, Tillerson said there was no indication that Lebanon s former prime minister, Saad al-Hariri, was being held in Saudi Arabia against his will but that the United States was monitoring the situation, according to a press pool report of his remarks. Tillerson, who is traveling with President Donald Trump on an Asia trip, made the comments following talks with his Saudi counterpart this week. Prince Mohammed, Saudi Arabia s future king, has tightened his grip on power through an anti-corruption purge by arresting royals, ministers and investors including billionaire Alwaleed bin Talal who is one of the kingdom s most prominent businessmen. He was among 11 princes, four ministers and tens of former ministers who were detained. Asked about the Saudi purge, Tillerson said he had spoken with Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir about the situation on Wednesday and that the recent crackdown did not yet amount to formal arrests.  Based on that conversation, it s well intended. How disruptive it s going to be remains to be seen,  Tillerson said, adding that the situation was  still a bit unclear.   It s my understanding that they re characterizing these as not really arrests at this point but they re presenting people with evidence of what they think the wrongdoing is to see if there s a willingness to want to make things right.    It raises a few concerns until we see more clearly how these particular individuals are dealt with,  Tillerson added. His view contrasted with that of Trump, who has praised the Saudi purge and expressed confidence in the king and crown prince.  Tillerson also said that Jubeir had assured him that Hariri s decision to resign was taken  on his own.  The United States was watching the situation  very carefully,  supporting  the legitimate government of Lebanon  and  asking other outside parties to stay out of it,  he added.  If he s going to step down, as I understand it, he needs to go back to Lebanon to make that official. I m hopeful that if that is still his intent to leave that he ll do that so that the government of Lebanon can function properly,  Tillerson said. (This version of the story was refiled to fix name of Saudi royal in second reference in 4th paragraph) ",1
15130,Hackers play 30 minutes of Islamic State propaganda on Swedish radio,"STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Some listeners to commercial radio station Mix Megapol in Sweden heard 30 minutes of an Islamic State propaganda song on Friday after hackers took over the station s frequency, the station s owners said. Mix Megapol is one of Sweden s biggest radio stations with around 1.4 million listeners daily, although the problem affected only listeners in the southern Swedish city of Malmo.  Somebody interfered with our frequency using a pirate transmitter,  Jakob Gravestam, Marketing Director at Bauer Media Group, which owns Mix Megapol, said in a press release.  We will report the incident to police and to the National Post and Telecom Agency.  The song, with male voices singing in English, featured lyrics such as:  For the sake of Allah we will march to gates of the paradise where our maidens await. We are men who love death just as you love your life, we are soldiers who fight in the day and the night.  The hosts of popular morning show  Anders & Gry with Friends  did not notice the problem until listeners called in and asked what was going on.   A lot of people have called us about this. We are very happy that people are vigilant and we treat this very seriously,  Gravestam told website 24Malmo. ",1
15131,"Aboard rickety boats or swimming, over 750 Rohingya reach Bangladesh","COX S BAZAR/YANGON (Reuters) - They came in boats, others on flimsy rafts, some even swam. Around 750 Rohingya Muslims made their escape from Myanmar on Friday to reach Bangladesh, where the greatest danger is malnutrition and disease in teeming refugee camps. Over 613,000 Rohingya have already taken refuge in the camps since a Myanmar military clearance operation forced them to abandon their villages in northern Rakhine State. Rohingya who have reached Bangladesh have recounted horror stories of rape and murder. A top U.N. official described the military s actions as  ethnic cleansing , though Myanmar denied that, saying its operation was needed for national security after Rohingya militants attacked 30 security posts on Aug. 25. Aung San Suu Kyi, the de facto leader of Myanmar s less than two-year-old administration, was in Vietnam on Friday, attending the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit. She was expected to hold talks with several leaders on the sidelines of the gathering, including Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. Having won the Nobel Peace Prize for defying the generals who ruled predominantly Buddhist Myanmar with an iron fist for nearly half a century, Suu Kyi s reputation as a stateswoman has suffered due to her failure to speak out more strongly over the Rohingya crisis. Under a constitution written before the junta gave way, the civilian administration still has to share power with the generals, and has little say over defense and security issues. Still, leaders at APEC, and two other regional summits to be hosted by the Philippines in the coming days, are expected to exert pressure on Suu Kyi to do more to stem the crisis. And on Wednesday, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will meet with Suu Kyi in Naypyitaw, the Myanmar capital, with senators back in Washington pressing to impose sanctions targeting the military. International Rescue Committee, the leading aid agency headquartered in New York and led by former British foreign minister David Miliband, reckoned that up to two-thirds of the  300,000 Rohingya remaining in Myanmar will join the exodus to Bangladesh in the coming months. The IRC in a statement highlighted the extremely dangerous health conditions for Rohingya living in camps in the port city of Cox s Bazar. A nutrition survey led by its partner Action Contre la Faim had found 40,000 Rohingya children faced malnutrition and required life-saving assistance. It said 95 percent of the population was drinking contaminated water - and agencies had reported that two-thirds of Cox s Bazar s water was contaminated with faeces.   The conditions we are seeing in Cox s Bazaar create a perfect storm for a public health crisis on an unimaginable scale,  said Cat Mahony, the IRC s emergency response director in Cox s Bazar.   The situation will only deteriorate with more arrivals and a greater strain on already overstretched resources.  Trail of destruction: tmsnrt.rs/2y8FgQ8 Still, Rohingya too scared to stay in Myanmar were ready to risk their lives crossing the waters around the mouth of the Naf river to reach Bangladesh. They were helped on Friday by another day of calm seas, though more than 200 have drowned attempting the crossing during the past two months. Bangladesh officials said significant numbers were arriving on rafts they had built from bamboo, lashing plastic jerrycans to the poles for extra buoyancy. They said more Rohingya had swum across on Thursday. A Reuters photographer saw up to ten rafts landing on the beaches of Teknaf, at the southern tip of Cox s Bazar, on Friday. People reaching the shore have told Reuters that there are thousands living in desperate conditions on the strand of beach by the river s mouth at Pa Nyaung Pin Gyi, as they waited for a chance to cross over.  Dil Muhammad, 30, from Buthidaung, one of the Rakhine regions that bore the brunt of the military operation, finally made it across with his wife and three children after weeks of living on the sand because he could not afford to pay a boatman.  I stayed in Pa Nyaung Pin Gyi for two months because I didn t have money to come,  he told Reuters.  Dil Mohammed said his 18 month old daughter was suffering from diarrhea and a fever.  I couldn t get to a doctor as we were stuck in that place.  And Sakhina Khatun, a woman of 35, said that three men who had been with her on the other side had been attacked by  Buddhists  when they went to search for bamboo to make a raft. Border Guard Bangladesh officials counted 444 refugees coming ashore at Sabrang, near Teknaf, and 150 more arriving further along the coast. Afruzul Haque Tutul, additional superintendent of police in Cox s Bazar said his officers had rescued 125 Rohingya from a wooden fishing boat stranded off Inani beach and bussed them to the camps. Mass exodus: tmsnrt.rs/2xTId74 A desperate escape: tmsnrt.rs/2xIvxQF ",1
15132,Shi'ites gather in Iraq's Kerbala for mourning rite,"KERBALA, Iraq (Reuters) - Chanting and flailing themselves in mourning for Imam Hussein, hundreds of thousands of Shi ite Muslims from around the world gathered in the Iraqi city of Kerbala on Friday for one of the most sacred rituals in their religious calendar. Arbain marks the culmination of a 40-day mourning period for Imam Hussein, a grandson of the Prophet Mohammed who was killed in a 7th century battle in Kerbala. Shi ites believe his remains are entombed there. Exhausted pilgrims, including women carrying their children, marched long distances to reach the shrines. Many, arriving by air from Iran, Pakistan or Bahrain, had landed in Baghdad several days earlier.  Kerbala, 80 km (50 miles) south of the capital, was cloaked in black because of the robes worn by pilgrims, and bedecked in a sea of flags. Saddam Hussein, a Sunni, banned Shi ite gatherings for religious events for decades. Pilgrims have gathered in sacred Shi ite cities including Kerbala and Najaf for religious duties since a U.S.-led invasion toppled him in 2003. But those gatherings were marred by suicide bombings carried out by Sunni militants, notably from al Qaeda and Islamic State, who regard Iraq s majority Shi ites as infidels.  Now that those groups have largely been defeated by U.S.-backed Iraqi security forces, Shi ite pilgrims may have more peace of mind during this year s Arbain, though security remains tight across the country. Groups of people build camps where they cook, share food with others, and display decorative objects. Banners featuring Imam Hussein s words are put up on walls and buildings.  The ritual is a time for sorrow and self-reflection.  Mourning Shi ites listen to recollections of how Hussein and his family were killed. The theme of martyrdom dominates, as pilgrims gash their foreheads with swords and beat themselves with chains. Hussein s death is interpreted by Shi ites as a symbol of the struggle against injustice and oppression.  Tents have been set up in Kerbala to provide a resting place for pilgrims, where men serve them cups of free tea. Others offer free massages to those arriving on foot from different cities, while tailors work on religious flags at a market. ",1
15133,Japan's biggest warship to drill with U.S. carriers near Korean peninsula,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan said on Friday it would send one of its two big helicopter carriers, the largest warship in its fleet, along with two escorts to join three U.S. aircraft carriers for exercises in waters close to the Korean peninsula. The Japanese ships Ise, Inazuma and Makinami will sail with the USS Ronald Reagan, USS Nimitz and USS Theodore Roosevelt in the Sea of Japan and East China Sea on Sunday, Japan s Maritime Self Defence Force said in a press release. It is the first time three American carriers have trained together in a decade. The show of force comes as U.S. President Donald Trump meets with regional leaders at an Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) in Vietnam. Trump is on a 12-day tour of Asia and has already made stops in Tokyo, Seoul and Beijing. His administration has demanded that North Korea halt ballistic missile and nuclear tests. The naval exercise will be a potent reminder to Pyongyang of the U.S. ability to rapidly mobilize military force.  The 100,000-ton U.S. carriers carry a combined force of around 200 aircraft including F-18 strike fighters. ",1
15134,Hezbollah leader says Israeli war with Lebanon unlikely,BEIRUT (Reuters) - Hezbollah leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah said on Friday an Israeli war with Lebanon was unlikely and warned Israel against exploiting the current political crisis in Lebanon.     Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri resigned in a speech from Saudi Arabia on Saturday and has yet to return to Lebanon. In a televised address Nasrallah said he believes Hariri is being detained in Riyadh.   ,1
15135,Indo-Pacific? Not from where China is sitting...,"BEIJING/NEW DELHI (Reuters) - As U.S. President Donald Trump and some of America s democratic allies talk up a vision of  Indo-Pacific  cooperation, China is determined to ensure that the future belongs to  Asia .   The increasing use of the phrase  Indo-Pacific  by Trump and his team during their marathon Asian jaunt this week, instead of the  Asia-Pacific  term that has long been common in business and diplomacy, is being greeted with thinly-veiled sneers in Beijing.  Trump choosing to use the term and actually making it happen are two totally different things,  Diao Daming, an American studies expert at Renmin University in Beijing, told a forum on Friday.    The region is leading global development and Trump wants America to be first, so he could not ignore its existence. He had to say something to the region, so we have  Indo-Pacific . But as yet it s just a concept and we don t know what it means.  Beyond the wordplay lies both concern and scepticism in Beijing at U.S. attempts to complicate China s strategic domain, particularly by encouraging rival power India to work more closely militarily with Japan. Tokyo recently backed New Delhi during India s border stand-off with China.    Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying did not dignify  Indo-Pacific  by name in a statement this week, but noted that  this concept has been mentioned many times .    We hope that the Asia-Pacific region can become a stable, prosperous and orderly region....where we are capable of managing differences and have the wisdom to resolve the disputes,  she said.    Indo-Pacific  has grown in usage across diplomatic and security circles in Australia, India and Japan in recent years, shorthand for a broader and democratic-led region in place of the  Asia-Pacific , which to some places an authoritarian China too firmly at the center.   Trump and his team have given it fresh currency in recent days, starting in Seoul and Tokyo, building on the rhetoric of his secretary of state Rex Tillerson, who last month talked of the need to support a  free, open and thriving Indo-Pacific .   Describing the Indian and Pacific Oceans as a  single strategic arena , Tillerson went further as he described India and the United States as  bookends  within that region.    In concrete terms, it will lead to great co-ordination between the Indian, Japanese and American militaries including maritime domain awareness, anti-submarine warfare, amphibious warfare, and humanitarian assistance, disaster relief, and search and rescue,  he said.   Not all allies are convinced, however.   When Trump s White House issued a statement after the U.S.-South Korea summit on Wednesday describing the alliance as a  linchpin for stability, security and prosperity in the Indo-Pacific , South Korea s presidential Blue House issued a note of caution.   While the phrase  Indo-Pacific  matched some of South Korea s policies aimed at diversification,  we felt there was more discussion necessary to see whether it is an appropriate term to be used in our efforts toward...joint strategic goals , the Blue House statement said.   Welcoming the trend is Indian navy Captain Gurpreet Khurana, who was among the first to coin the Indo-Pacific concept in an academic paper back in 2007.   The rise of India as an economic power following its free market reforms and then its gradual military build-up was itself a key factor in the increasing significance of the Indian Ocean, he said.    India could no longer be excluded from any over-arching reckoning in the Asia-Pacific, be it economic or security related,  said Khurana, of the military-funded National Maritime Foundation. Chinese officials and experts have long bristled at any perceived attempt to contain a rising China.  But Trump s Indo-Pacific policy should not be underestimated by China, because India, Japan and Australia are united by being on the wrong side of China s development strategy for the region, according to Jia Wenshan, an expert on China s foreign policy at the Beijing-based Center for China and Globalization.  China needs to as soon as possible deal with the Indo-Pacific alliance, as it is absolutely in conflict with Belt and Road,  Jia said, referring to the Chinese president s signature initiative to re-establish trade and infrastructure ties between China and nations throughout Central and Southeast Asia.  Behind Indo-Pacific you have Japan s economic support, India s development speed and Australia s fears of China, these are all strategic realities.  ",1
15136,Iran provided capability for missile attacks from Yemen: U.S. Air Force,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Iran has provided the capability for ballistic missile attacks launched from Yemen, a senior U.S. Air Force official said on Friday. Jeffrey Harrigian, commander for southwest Asia at the U.S. Air Forces Central Command, also told reporters while on a visit to Dubai that it was important to find diplomatic solutions to tensions surrounding Lebanon instead of going to war.  What we have seen, clearly from the results of the ballistic missile attacks, that there have been Iranian markings on those missiles, that s been demonstrated,  Harrigian said.  To me that connects the dots to Iran in terms of who s providing those missiles and that capability.  Saudi Arabia, part of a coalition carrying out bombings of the Iran-allied armed Houthi movement in Yemen, has frequently intercepted missiles fired from its neighbor. Early this month, Saudi air defense forces intercepted a ballistic missile fired from Yemen over the capital Riyadh, state news agencies reported. The missile was brought down near King Khaled Airport on the northern outskirts of the city and did not cause casualties, the reports said. Meanwhile, Saudi Arabia has accused Lebanon and its Shi ite Hezbollah movement of declaring war on it. Riyadh has advised Saudi citizens not to travel to Lebanon, or if already there to leave as soon as possible.  With respect to Lebanon, I think the goal will be to try to find diplomatic solutions,  Harrigian said.  I don t want to speak to specifically how the kingdom of Saudi Arabia will deal with that, but I would like to think we will be able to find a solution to that problem that would allow diplomatic efforts to achieve success versus going to war.  ",1
15137,United Nations chief 'very worried' by Saudi-Lebanon tensions,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said on Friday he had serious concerns over escalating tensions between Saudi Arabia and Lebanon, and that it was essential to avert new conflict in the region.  We are indeed very worried, and we hope we won t see an escalation,  the United Nations chief told reporters.  It is essential that no new conflict erupts in the region, it could have devastating consequences.  Guterres said he had  very intense  contacts yesterday with Saudi Arabia, Lebanon and other countries in the region.  His comments come amid a deepening crisis between the two Middle Eastern nations that has thrust tiny Lebanon between Saudi Arabia and the region s other powerhouse, Iran. Earlier this week, Saudi Arabia accused Lebanon of declaring war against it, citing aggression by the Iran-backed Lebanese Shi ite group Hezbollah. On Friday, Hezbollah leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah accused Saudi Arabia of declaring war on Lebanon and Hezbollah. In the midst of the conflict is Saad al-Hariri, Lebanon s former prime minister, who unexpectedly resigned his post over the weekend. Lebanese authorities have said he is being held against his will in Saudi Arabia, a charge that Riyadh has denied.  ",1
15138,Yemen set to run out of fuel and vaccine in a month: UNICEF,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Yemen s stocks of fuel and vaccines will run out in a month unless a Saudi-led military coalition allows aid into the blockaded port of Hodeidah and Sanaa airport, UNICEF s representative in the country said on Friday. Meritxell Relano, speaking by phone to reporters in Geneva, said fuel prices had risen 60 percent and there were urgent concerns about a diphtheria outbreak, as well as food shortages because of the port closure.  The situation that was already catastrophic is just getting worse,  she said.  The impact of this is unimaginable in terms of health and diseases.  After two years of civil war, Yemen has 7 million people on the brink of famine and has had 900,000 suspected cholera cases in the past six months.  The number of new cases has fallen consistently for the past eight weeks, according to data from the World Health Organization. But progress against cholera, which has killed 2,196 people, could be reversed by the blockade, WHO spokeswoman Fadela Chaib told a regular U.N. briefing in Geneva.  If the closure is not stopped in the coming days, we may see that the progress is stopped,  Chaib said.  We can see even more cases and more deaths as a result of not being able to get access to people.  The closure of Hodeidah port prevented a ship setting sail from Djibouti with 250 tonnes of WHO medical supplies on Wednesday. Trauma kits in particular are running short.   If the hostilities continue and the ports remain closed, we will not be able to perform life-saving surgeries or provide basic healthcare,  Chaib said.  ",1
15139,"Putin and Trump shake hands, exchange words at APEC summit: agencies","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin and U.S. President Donald Trump greeted each other at an APEC summit in Vietnam, shook hands and exchanged a few words, Russian news agencies reported on Friday. Trump approached Putin at a photo session of world leaders in the Vietnamese city of Danang and gave him a friendly slap on the shoulder, agencies reported. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov was cited by the RIA news agency as saying that the two men had not held any talks yet however, something Moscow has been trying to set up for days.       ",1
15140,Philippine troops rescue three Vietnamese from Islamist militants,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine troops on Friday rescued three Vietnamese sailors abducted by a group of Islamist militants nine months ago in dangerous southern waters near the Malaysian border, an army spokeswoman said. Seventeen Vietnamese sailors were taken captive in the south of the Philippines when pro-Islamic State militants attacked commercial ships in the Sulu and Celebes seas, generating millions of dollars from ransom payments. Four Vietnamese sailors were found on a remote island in Tawi-tawi, but one was already dead from illness, Captain Jo-Ann Petinglay told reporters. She said Philippines marines were pursuing a small group of militants who had fled and abandoned the captives. Of the 17 Vietnamese sailors abducted in February, 10 were rescued in earlier operations and two were killed by the militants while attempting to escape, she said. The rest were brought to nearby Jolo island, she added without elaborating.  The military said the militants, known for kidnapping, bombing and beheading captives, are still holding 16 captives on Jolo island, including seven foreigners, including a Dutch and a Japanese national.    ",1
15141,"Gunmen target Egypt truck convoy, nine killed: medical, security sources","CAIRO (Reuters) - Suspected militants shot dead at least nine truck drivers in Egypt s Sinai region late on Thursday when they targeted a transport convoy, setting the vehicles on fire, medical and security sources said on Friday. Egypt s security forces have since 2014 been battling an Islamic State affiliate in northern Sinai, where militants have mostly hit police and soldiers but also occasionally targeted infrastructure and businesses. Two security sources in al-Arish, the area capital, said armed men attacked the convoy, which was carrying coal to a cement factory. The bodies of the truck drivers, all shot to death, were taken to the morgue of Suez public hospital, four medical sources said. A military spokesman said there was no official statement. An interior ministry official did not respond to a request for information. No group immediately claimed responsibility for the attack.  They have threatened us repeatedly, asking that we don t work for the army s companies. We informed the factory management of the threats and asked them for more protection,  one local truck driver, Ismail Abdel-Raouf, told Reuters. Hundreds of police and soldiers have been killed since the insurgency quickened pace in northern Sinai after the 2013 ouster by the military of then-president Mohamed Mursi of the Muslim Brotherhood during massive protests against his rule. A home-grown jihadist group, Ansar Bayt al-Maqdis, declared allegiance to Islamic State in 2014 and has since tried to spread outside the peninsula by targeting Christians with attacks on churches on the mainland. President Abdel Fatah al-Sisi, who presents himself as a bulwark against militants in the Middle East, has said Islamic State fighters might try to enter Libya and Egypt after their defeats in Iraq and Syria. Security forces have also faced attacks in the western desert region bordering Libya, where security sources say a former Egyptian special forces officer turned jihadist allied to al Qaeda was responsible for an ambush on a police operation last month. ",1
15142,Kosovo says 'false' arrest warrant for PM undermines dialogue with Serbia,"PRISTINA (Reuters) - Kosovo accused Serbia of undermining a European Union-sponsored dialogue between the two countries by refusing to withdraw an international arrest warrant for Kosovo s prime minister.  Tensions between the states heightened early this year after Ramush Haradinaj, a former Kosovar guerilla leader who in September took over as prime minister, was arrested in France on an arrest warrant issued by Serbia. He was released after a French court rejected Belgrade s extradition request. Western officials based in Kosovo s capital of Pristina, as well as local security officials, fear Haradinaj could be arrested if he travels abroad for official visits if the arrest warrant is not withdrawn.  A visit to Brussels next week, Haradinaj s second trip to a foreign country since he took over two months ago, will be the next test.   Creating lists and accusing people with false evidences belongs to the dark times of the Serb state under (Slobodan) Milosevic,  Halil Matoshi, a political advisor to Haradinaj, said on Friday.  This does not contribute to the dialog between Kosovo and Serbia as two sovereign and neighboring states and the normalization of the relations between Belgrade and Pristina.   In September Serbian authorities said that the arrest warrant against Haradinaj remains in place.  Kosovo seceded from Serbia in 2008. Both states want to join the European Union but Brussels says they must normalize relations before their applications can go ahead. Both countries committed in 2013 to an EU-sponsored dialogue to resolve outstanding issues.  Serbia has charged Haradinaj with murdering Serbs in the late 1990s war. The 1998-99 conflict ended after NATO bombed the now-defunct Yugoslavia, then comprising Serbia and Montenegro, for 78 days to force a withdrawal of its troops from Kosovo and end a counter-insurgency campaign against ethnic Albanians.   Haradinaj, who has twice been tried and acquitted by the United Nations war crimes tribunal in the Hague, denies any wrongdoing.  Kosovo declared independence in 2008 but Serbia refuse to recognize its former breakaway province.  Backed by Russia and China, Serbia is blocking Pristina s membership in international organizations including United Nations and Interpol.   Pristina is constantly sending requests to Interpol to remove his name from the red notice but unfortunately that is not happening,  a senior Kosovo security source told Reuters.  These are politically motivated charges but any police officer at any border post will see his name in red notice and it is his or her obligation to respect that notice.  Kosovo is not a member of Interpol and any request to add or remove Kosovar nationals to watchlists goes through an office of United Nations in Pristina. A western diplomat in Pristina who asked not to be named said:  A quick solution must be found. This is a nonsense.     ",1
15143,"EU and Iran defend nuclear deal, under fire from Trump","SAMARKAND, Uzbekistan (Reuters) - Senior officials from the European Union and Iran spoke up on Friday in defense of the agreement limiting Tehran s nuclear program, as the pact comes under heavy pressure from U.S. President Donald Trump. The nuclear deal was  a major achievement of European and international multilateral diplomacy , EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini told a conference in Uzbekistan.  The European Union will make sure it will continue to be fully implemented by all, in all its parts,  she said. Trump on Oct. 13 dealt a blow to the pact by refusing to certify that Tehran was complying with the accord, under which Iran agreed to curb its nuclear program in return for relief from economic sanctions. International inspectors said it was complying. The U.S. Congress has until mid-December to decide whether to reimpose sanctions lifted by the deal.  Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif also spoke on Friday at the United Nations-sponsored conference on Central Asian security and development in Samarkand.  By clinching the nuclear deal and fulfilling all our commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, we have in action proved our compliance with the principle of non-proliferation and nuclear disarmament,  he said, without mentioning Trump directly. Mogherini said the EU s ties with ex-Soviet Central Asia were at an all-time high following moves by Uzbekistan s new government to open up the previously isolated nation. Mogherini, the first EU foreign policy chief to visit Uzbekistan in four years, met President Shavkat Mirziyoyev as well as foreign ministers of all five Central Asian nations. Mirziyoyev was elected president last December after the death of his authoritarian predecessor Islam Karimov, who was accused of systematic human rights abuses and whose relations with the West were poor. Seeking to modernize Uzbekistan s economy, Mirziyoyev has moved to mend those relations and announced an ambitious reform program at home. After a  very long and fruitful meeting  with Mirziyoyev, Mogherini said the reforms had the full support of Brussels. Mirziyoyev has also improved ties with neighboring Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and Turkmenistan after years of bitter standoffs over matters such as borders and water use, winning further praise from Mogherini.  I would say that we are at the top of our historical experience of cooperation, but we want to use it not as a target point, but as a starting point,  she said. ",1
15144,Venezuelan crisis spawns boom in gambling,"CARACAS (Reuters) -  The Whale ,  The Dog  or  The Zebra ? Players line up beside a small kiosk in a poor neighborhood to choose animals in a lottery game that has become a craze in Venezuela even as the oil-rich country suffers a fourth year of brutal recession. It seems more and more Venezuelans are turning to gambling in their desperation to make ends meet amid the country s unprecedented economic crisis. Though more people lose than win overall, the illusion of a payday has become more alluring as Venezuelans endure the world s highest inflation, shortages of basics from flour to car batteries, and diminished real-term wages. Among multiple options from race courses to back-street betting parlors, the roulette-style  Los Animalitos  (or the Little Animals) is currently by far the most popular game on the street.   Most people I see playing the lottery are unemployed, trying to make a bit extra this way because the payouts are good,  said Veruska Torres, 26, a nurse who recently lost her job in a pharmacy and now plays Animalitos every day.  Torres often plays more than a dozen times daily at the kiosk in Catia, spending between 5,000-10,000 bolivars, but sometimes making up to 50,000 or 60,000 bolivars in winnings - more than a quarter of the monthly minimum wage.  When that happens, she splits the money between buying food and diapers for her baby boy, and re-investing in the lottery. The Animalitos game, whose results appear on YouTube at scheduled times, is hugely popular because it goes through various rounds, holding people s interest, and provides more chances to win than most traditional betting options.  The cheapest ticket costs just 100 bolivars - a quarter of a U.S. cent at the black market currency rate, and more than 10 times less than that at the official exchange level.  It helped me a lot,  said Eduardo Liendo, 63, of a timely win. He recently lost his house and lives in a car in Caracas  Propatria neighborhood, but had a successful punt on the Animalitos, choosing the dog figure after his own had died. There is no hard data on betting figures, and the government s betting regulator did not answer requests from Reuters for information. But those behind Venezuela s gambling businesses, run by a mixture of private companies and local regional authorities, said trade was booming, with lines longer and busier than ever - because of, not despite, the hard times.  In a crisis like the one we re going through, people drink and gamble more to escape from reality,  said psychologist Rosa Garcia from the rural state of Barinas.  The latest scarcity in Venezuela is cash - as authorities cannot produce enough notes to keep up with dizzying inflation - so many bars, shops and betting parlors have quickly switched from cash to electronic transactions to keep money flowing. That has hit the Caracas hippodrome, where cash is still king. But thousands still go there at weekends, pushing against fences in front of the sand track to cheer their horse on as salsa music booms in the background. (See reut.rs/2A2eOEB for a related photo essay)  ",1
15145,"Drawing flak, Scotland ex-first minister to host Russia Today chatshow","EDINBURGH (Reuters) - Top Scottish nationalist Alex Salmond is under fire for agreeing to host a Russia Today talkshow, but the man who once sought to split Scotland from the United Kingdom rejects suggestions he is helping Moscow or perceived Kremlin mischief-making in Europe. Asked whether he was supporting Russian-led propaganda, Salmond, who lost his seat as a Scottish National Party (SNP)lawmaker in Britain s June election, said the public could judge for itself.  If it turns out to be Kremlin propaganda, then people can slate me. But why don t they watch the show first and then decide?  he told the BBC. The news of his job drew a ticking off from Salmond s successor at the head of Scotland s devolved government, Nicola Sturgeon, amid concerns about alleged Russian funding links to Britain s campaign to leave the European Union. In the United States, a federal investigation is looking into reports of Russian meddling in the U.S. election campaign.  Moscow denies that it seeks to subvert Western democracies. Sturgeon, also leader of the SNP, said the show would make  interesting viewing,  but added she would have advised against the choice of media.  Of course, Alex is not currently an elected politician and is free to do as he wishes   but had I been asked, I would have advised against RT and suggested he seek a different channel,  she said, adding:  Neither myself nor the SNP will shy away from criticizing Russian policy when we believe it is merited.  Scottish Liberal Democrat lawmaker Alex Cole-Hamilton challenged Salmond to interview opponents of President Vladimir Putin s government on his show and the leader of the Scottish Conservatives expressed sympathy for her political opponent.  It s not often I feel sorry for Nicola Sturgeon, but Salmond taking the Kremlin s rouble on Russia Today? Ooft....  Ruth Davidson, leader of the Scottish Conservatives, said on Twitter. Feelings for and against Scottish independence are still key to politics north of the English border, although the drive to sever 300-year old trading and political bonds has stalled as Britain negotiates its exit from the European Union.  Salmond, 63, is still very influential in the independence movement and is never far from the spotlight with outspoken comments on U.S. President Donald Trump, Brexit and the best way to manage the SNP s drive for secession.   I appeared on RT programs when I was still a member of parliament. It would be a bit strange if, now that I m no longer a member of parliament, I m refusing to make my own show with my own production company over which I have total editorial control,  he said. The Russian media group says it covers  stories overlooked by the mainstream media, provides alternative perspectives on current affairs, and acquaints international audiences with a Russian viewpoint on major global events.  ",1
15146,Maintaining same regulations best way to avoid hard border: Irish PM,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - The best way to avoid the return of a  hard  border between Ireland and the British province of Northern Ireland after Britain quits the European Union is to continue to apply the same regulations on both sides, Ireland s prime minister said on Friday.  There is no demand from the Irish government that any part of the United Kingdom should remain in the (EU) customs union, what we want though is the language that we ve all agreed to (on avoiding a hard border) to be turned into reality,  Leo Varadkar told a news conference after a meeting of the British Irish Council in the English Channel island of  Jersey.  We believe that can be best achieved by continuing to apply the same sort of rules and regulations.  ",1
15147,Self-designed homes could provide sustainable future for liberated Mosul,"LONDON (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Self-designed homes based on traditional Iraqi architecture could be the solution to the drastic housing crisis facing Mosul, where hundreds of thousands are expected to return following the end of three years of Islamic State occupation. An award-winning design would see returning residents create their own neighborhoods in modules that can grow and evolve to suit their needs.   The shape of the housing is completely up to the inhabitants,  said Ania Otlik, the winner of inaugural Rifat Chadirji Prize, which challenged architects to find a practical and sustainable solution to the Iraqi city s housing needs.  Having one measure that fits all is almost impossible, especially when it comes to such a diverse society ... which varies in religion, culture, background (and) family size.  Nearly 1 million civilians fled in the three years since Islamic State militants took the city, which Iraq declared liberated in July, according to the United Nations. Iraqi government officials have estimated it will take at least five years and billions of dollars to rebuild Mosul. Otlik, a graduate of Wroclaw University of Science and Technology in Poland, researched traditional Iraqi architectural designs, poring over sketches and schemes to create her housing plan. Each dwelling is constructed around a central patio, providing outside space around which rooms and spaces can be arranged.  The plan of the house can be a little more open when the family decides it this way, or maybe another family is strictly Islamic so they will build it in their own traditional way,  she told the Thomson Reuters Foundation. Building materials that are easy to source in the battle-scarred city - such as rubble and mud - could be used for construction until more permanent replacements become available, she said. Otlik drew inspiration from her native Poland, whose capital Warsaw was entirely rebuilt after it was razed by Nazi troops during the Second World War. Other finalist designs featured garden bridges over the Tigris river to provide housing and urban farms, and homes connected via a metro repurposed from a system of subterranean tunnels constructed by Islamic State to aid its fighters.  It was not a problem finding a winner,  said Ahmed Al-Mallak, founding director of the independent Tamayouz Excellence Award, which oversaw the competition. Mallak hopes the winning designs will influence Iraq s construction and housing minister Anne Nafi Aussi and a number of planning officials who are scheduled to attend the formal prize-giving ceremony in Jordan s capital Amman in December. ",1
15148,Jumblatt: Lebanon does not deserve Saudi accusations of war,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Leading Lebanese politician Walid Jumblatt said on Friday his country did not deserve to be accused of declaring war against Saudi Arabia, saying it was  really sad  that Riyadh had made such a statement after decades of friendship.  We do not deserve, as Lebanese, such accusations,  Jumblatt told Reuters by telephone.  For decades, we ve been friends.  Saudi Gulf affairs minister Thamer al-Sabhan earlier this week accused the Lebanese government of declaring war on Saudi Arabia, lumping Lebanon together with the Iran-backed Lebanese Shi ite group Hezbollah as a hostile party.    ",1
15149,Hezbollah media unit: Islamic State leader reported in Syrian town,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - A Hezbollah-run media unit said on Friday Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was reported to have been in the Syrian town of Albu Kamal during the Syrian army and its allies  operation to clear it. The military unit did not say what had happened to Baghdadi, give further details or identify its sources. The U.S.-led coalition against Islamic State said on Friday it had no  releasable information  on Baghdadi s whereabouts.  Syria s army declared victory over Islamic State on Thursday, saying its capture of the jihadists  last town in the country marked the collapse of their three-year rule in the region. But the army and its allies are still fighting Islamic State in desert areas close to Albu Kamal near the border with Iraq, the Syrian army said on Thursday. On Friday, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said  Islamic State has taken back control of half of Albu Kamal. The capture of the border town had sealed  the fall of the terrorist Daesh organization s project in the region , an army statement said on Thursday, using the Arabic acronym for Islamic State. An audio message purported to be from Baghdadi was released in September. Baghdadi declared himself caliph and heir to Islam s historic leaders from the great medieval mosque in Iraq s Mosul in 2014. (This version of the story was refiled to clarify source in headline) ",1
15150,Putin and Erdogan to use meeting next week to discuss Syria: agencies,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin and his Turkish counterpart Tayyip Erdogan will use a meeting in southern Russia next week to discuss the Syria situation and energy cooperation, Russian news agencies cited the Kremlin as saying on Friday. The two men are due to meet in the Russian Black Sea resort of Sochi on Nov. 13. ",1
15151,"In Puerto Rico, a sinkhole of rebuilding struggles","BAYAMON, Puerto Rico/NEW YORK, (Reuters) - Along a stretch of highway in suburban Bayamon, Puerto Rico, construction workers tried desperately to make progress repairing a 100-foot-long sinkhole before the clouds rolled in. Previous rains had suspended work, as workers watched earth fall back into the hole.  It has not wanted to stop raining  since Hurricane Maria, said Carlos Rivera, a 26-year-old contract worker at the site last month. Cars backed up for miles along Puerto Rico Highway 2 on either side of the colossal construction site, which swallowed four of five lanes. The 20-foot crater was among thousands of sites damaged by a storm that exposed an already fragile infrastructure in Puerto Rico, decimating water, power and roadways all at once. Fixing just this one sinkhole required maneuvering a set of vexing logistical and financial hurdles that reveal why rebuilding this isolated island will take so much more time and work than in any storm-ravaged region of the mainland United States. The hole is only one of 3,500 reported incidents of hurricane damage to Puerto Rico-owned roadways, with repair costs estimated at $250 million. A U.S. territory, Puerto Rico was already in trouble when Maria hit on Sept. 20 as the strongest storm to strike the island in nine decades. Its economy had been in recession for a decade, pushing the island into bankruptcy to restructure about $120 billion in bond and pension debt. The task of rebuilding is made that much harder by the challenges and expense of bringing supplies and equipment to an island, which will depend heavily on U.S. aid and likely struggle to finance its expected share of the rebuilding. The storm cut all power and cell service, felled trees, destroyed 230,000 homes and damaged another 400,000. One of the casualties was this stretch of Highway 2, the vital 143-mile artery between San Juan and Ponce. Running west from San Juan before looping south, the road transports thousands of people a day between the San Juan suburbs and the island s bustling capital. Hurricane Maria s rains flooded the pipes under Highway 2 until one burst. Water gushed out of the old pipe deep below the roadway, scouring out a hole into which the ground eventually collapsed. Officials could not ignore the sinkhole, which squeezed eastbound traffic into a single westbound lane and detoured westbound traffic. Tempers began to fray as residents endured a one-mile drive for nearly an hour.  The problem fell to Puerto Rico Transportation and Public Works Secretary Carlos Contreras Aponte. His department oversees the island s Highway and Transportation Authority (PRHTA), which manages a third of Puerto Rico s 9,300 miles of roadway. The most pressing problem facing Contreras was logistics: how to rebuild a road with no power, limited trucks, no electrical light, and no cell phones. As of this week, less than half the island s power had been restored, according to the Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority. Puerto Rico s antiquated electric grid was decimated by the storm and now needs a complete rebuild. Electricity is required to run the machinery used for extracting rock and other raw materials to produce asphalt. Since the storm, contractors have had to bring in diesel-powered generators to power the machinery, a cumbersome and expensive task, Contreras said.   That s something that s happening in every industry here,  creating a shortage of generators, Contreras said. Another scarce commodity: trucks. With much of the population cut off from power and communication, the island was forced to divert hundreds of trucks and drivers to help bring supplies to needy citizens. That left few vehicles behind to transport the equipment and materials needed to fix infrastructure, including Highway 2 s sinkhole.   The truck drivers, many have been hired by other companies,  the secretary said.  Among those competing for trucks: Puerto Rico s own water and sewer authority, known as PRASA.   PRASA president Eli Diaz-Atienza told Reuters in an interview in October that his agency had just 125 trucks to service the island s 3.4 million residents. He has requested trucks from FEMA, tapped the U.S. Army National Guard for vehicles, and contracted with private sector firms to repurpose vehicles such as milk trucks.  We ll never have enough trucks,  Diaz said.  Replacements for damaged traffic signals at all of Puerto Rico s 1,200 intersections must be flown to the island from the states, a more expensive and complicated process than trucking them.  We don t have those supplies here in Puerto Rico because we never had to repair the equipment at all of the intersections at once,  Contreras said. Through it all, communications remain a problem. With cell service iffy, the roads department has resorted to using runners who travel hours to areas of the island without phone service to relay reports of damage. The travel time and word-of-mouth communication has led to incorrect, incomplete or confusing information and further delays, Contreras said.   Sometimes we get a description of a problem, and then when we send the technical people, it s a completely different story,  he explained.  One problem this particular sinkhole managed to avoid was money. Because it lay on a major thoroughfare, Contreras decided to prioritize it, funding repairs with an expected $1 million of the $42.5 million in emergency funds from the Federal Highway Administration. Puerto Rico officials could not be reached for comment on the final costs and time required to repair the roadway. But a Reuters witness who drove down Highway 2 this week said the area had been paved over and traffic was moving easily. The triage process that pits some rebuilding projects over others reflects the broader financial ruin in Puerto Rico. Initial U.S. aid packages won t be nearly enough, so agencies like PRHTA - and cities and towns, too - will rely heavily on the U.S. Federal Emergency Management Agency to finance rebuilding over the long term.   No municipality in Puerto Rico has the money to build the infrastructure that s needed,  said Angel Perez, mayor of Guaynabo, where damage to municipal property is estimated at $25 million to $30 million - a big hit for a San Juan suburb whose total budget is about $130 million. Cash-strapped cities and towns here are also scrambling to pay up front costs of rebuilding projects. In a major emergency, Puerto Rico is treated the same as a U.S. state, a FEMA spokesman said. It is eligible for the same FEMA aid and other types of federal funds made available when a state suffers a catastrophe, he said. Rebuilding aid is typically conditioned on a cost-sharing agreement that would require Puerto Rico to match a quarter of expenses. That share was reduced to 10 percent this month, the White House said.  Still, Puerto Rico s financial crisis and the crippling blow of the storm mean the territory could still be hard-pressed to put up its share. The longer projects take, the more costly they get, Contreras said, as relentless Caribbean rain continues to erode damaged stretches of highway, particularly those buried by mudslides. At the Highway 2 sinkhole, construction worker Silvano Monica, 62, said the work was just a small start:  There are roads and bridges with problems like this all over the island.  ",1
15152,"We'll buy arms from Russia, Philippines' Duterte tells Putin","DANANG, Vietnam (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte thanked Moscow on Friday for its  timely assistance  in defeating pro-Islamic State militants who took over a southern city for months, expressing his willingness to buy Russian weapons. Duterte last month declared the liberation of Marawi City from Islamist militants after 154 days of fighting, which killed more than 1,100 people, including 165 soldiers, and displaced nearly 400,000 residents.   I want to build a strong armed forces and a strong police and the reason is very important for you to know that we are eyeing - we are buying arms from Russia this time,  Duterte told Russian President Vladimir Putin on the sidelines of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Vietnam. The Philippines was to buy more than 20,000 assault rifles from the United States, but some senators, concerned with Duterte s human rights record and rising killings, blocked that sale. But China and Russia, whose relations with the Philippines have vastly improved in recent months, donated a total of 11,000 assault rifles and trucks.  Your timely assistance to my country helped us replenish the old arms and the spent bores that were fired repeatedly and we have a new stock,  he said, in transcripts sent to Manila by the presidential communications office. Manila and Moscow signed a military deal on logistics, including a contract with a state-owned company for the supply of equipment, during the first-ever visit by a Russian defense minister to the Philippines last month.  The Philippines will have a 125 billion pesos ($2.44 billion) fund to modernize the military from 2018 to 2022 through a multi-year congressional allocation to upgrade its hardware, a senior military official told Reuters.  We are looking at helicopters, small arms and equipment for humanitarian assistance and disaster relief operations, but we are still discussing the specifics,  said the same military official who declined to be named because he was not authorized to talk to the press.  We still prefer U.S. and Western equipment but they are very expensive. If the Russians and Chinese equipment can be comparable in quality, then they can be excellent alternatives.    ",1
15153,Japan to build four radar stations for the Philippines to counter piracy surge: sources,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan will build four coast guard radar stations on islands in the Sulu Celebes Seas separating the Philippines and Indonesia to help Manila counter a surge in piracy by Islamic insurgents, two sources said. An agreement to fund the facilities and provide training to local coast guard personnel may be signed as early next week by Japanese Prime Minister and Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte in Manila, the sources said.  The seas in that area are an important waterway for merchant ships traveling to Japanese ports,  one of the people with knowledge of the plan said. The sources asked not to be identified because they are not authorized to talk to the media. Of 30 acts of piracy reported in the first half of 2017 six involved the use of guns, of which three were crew abductions from ships underway in the Sulu Celebes Seas, according to the Regional Cooperation Agreement on Combating Piracy and Armed Robbery against Ships in Asia (ReCAAP). Four attempted abductions in the waters were also logged. Japan will fund construction of the radar stations through its Overseas Development Aid (ODA) budget, the sources said.  Japan is aware of the need to counter piracy in the region and is keen to help, but we can t discuss individual projects,  said an official at Japan s Ministry of Foreign Affairs, which overseas ODA spending. The radar stations are part of a wider aid package that include helicopter parts for the Philippines military, financing for infrastructure projects such as rail lines and help to rebuild conflict-torn southern Marawi city after five months of military operations against Islamic State rebels. By providing such aid Tokyo is aiming to deepen economic and security ties with Manila as it looks to contain China s growing power. Japan sees the Philippines, which lies on the eastern side of the South China Sea, as a key ally in helping prevent Beijing s influence spreading into the western Pacific.  Abe will travel to the Philippines on Monday following a two day gathering of regional leaders at an Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) forum in Vietnam.  ",1
15154,Indonesian parliament speaker again named suspect in massive graft case,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesia s speaker of parliament was on Friday named again as a suspect in a huge embezzlement case involving electronic identity cards that caused state losses of more than $170 million.  This is the second time the national Corruption Eradication Commission (KPK) has named Setya Novanto a suspect in the case, after he used a controversial legal maneuver to get earlier charges dropped last month.  He is suspected of illegally enriching himself...and causing state losses in the procurement of electronic ID cards,  KPK spokesman Febri Diansyah said in a statement.  We have new evidence,  he said, declining to elaborate because authorities were still investigating. A lawyer for Novanto could not immediately be reached for comment. Novanto has previously denied wrongdoing. The KPK has been investigating allegations that sums ranging from $5,000 to $5.5 million - money generated by marking up the costs of procuring the identity cards - were divided up among politicians in a room in parliament. Millions of Indonesians have been left unable to get a proper identity card or have faced long delays as a result of the alleged embezzlement. Many have been issued pieces of paper in place of the cards. Novanto missed repeated KPK summons for questioning in recent months, saying he was ill and needed to undergo heart surgery. Memes and jokes about Novanto went viral on Indonesian social media, as netizens heaped scorn on what they saw as an attempt to escape accountability. Novanto has for years been dogged by allegations of corruption, but never been prosecuted.  In late 2015, parliament s ethics committee launched a probe into allegations by a Freeport Indonesia executive that Novanto had tried to extort $1.8 billion worth of shares from the local unit of the U.S. mining company. Novanto denied the allegations but stepped down temporarily. He was reappointed as speaker a year later, after being cleared by the ethics panel. Indonesians widely perceive parliament to be one of their country s most corrupt institutions, Transparency International says. MPs have consistently tried to curb some of the graft agency s investigative powers, but the KPK has remained independent and highly popular with the Indonesian public. ",1
15155,Lebanon's grand mufti calls for national unity,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s grand mufti, the top cleric for Sunni Muslims, said Saad al-Hariri s resignation as Prime Minister came amid difficult circumstances, Lebanese Al-Jadeed TV reported on Friday. Grand Mufti Sheikh Abdul Latif Derian called for national unity and for waiting before taking any stance on the shock resignation, which Hariri announced in a broadcast from Saudi Arabia on Saturday. Derian described Lebanon s ties with Riyadh as  brotherly, historical relations . ",1
15156,"Brexit never? Britain can still change its mind, says Article 50 author","LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May should stop misleading voters and admit that Brexit can be avoided if Britain decides unilaterally to scrap divorce talks, the man who drafted Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty said on Friday. May, who formally notified the European Union of Britain s intention to leave the EU by triggering Article 50 of the treaty on March 29, said she would not tolerate any attempt in parliament to block Brexit. By triggering Article 50, May set the clock ticking on a two-year exit process that has so far failed to yield a divorce deal and which was interrupted by her gamble on a snap election in June which cost her party its majority in parliament.  While the divorce talks proceed, the parties are still married. Reconciliation is still possible,  John Kerr, British ambassador to the EU from 1990 to 1995, said in a speech in London.  We can change our minds at any stage during the process,  said Kerr, who added that the legalities of Article 50 had been misrepresented in Britain.  The British people have the right to know this: they shouldn t be misled.  The day May triggered Article 50, she told the British parliament that there was  no turning back  and on Friday insisted that the United Kingdom would be leaving the EU at 2300 GMT on March 29 2019.  In a June 2016 referendum, 51.9 percent of voters backed leaving the EU while 48.1 percent wanted to remain. Brexit supporters argue any attempt to halt the exit process would be anti-democratic, while opponents say the country should have a right to pass final judgment on any exit deal negotiated. May, an initial opponent of Brexit who won the top job in the political turmoil that followed the vote, said last month that Britain would not revoke Article 50. But ever since the referendum, opponents of Britain s exit - from French President Emmanuel Macron and former British prime minister Tony Blair to billionaire investor George Soros - have suggested Britain could change its mind and avoid what they say will be disastrous consequences for the British economy. Thus far, there are few signs of a change of heart on Brexit in opinion polls. Both May s Conservatives and the opposition Labour Party now explicitly support leaving the EU, which Britain joined in 1973. Supporters of Brexit have repeatedly said that any attempt to have another referendum, or to undermine Brexit, would catapult the world s fifth largest economy into crisis.  A second referendum would lead the United Kingdom into totally uncharted territory with very serious potential consequences for our democracy,  said Richard Tice, who helped found one of the two Leave campaign groups in the referendum. But the Brexit process has been challenged in a number of cases in British courts, many focusing on the as-yet unanswered question: Can Article 50 be reversed? The 256-word clause does not say whether it can be revoked once it is invoked. This means that, if lawyers ask for clarification, the question would have to go to the European Court of Justice, the EU s highest court. Kerr, who in 2002-2003 acted as secretary-general of the European Constitutional Convention that drafted Article 50, said the debate had been misrepresented inside Britain: it was clear, he said, that May s Article 50 letter could be revoked. Such is the interest in the legalities of Brexit that one prominent lawyer, Jessica Simor, has formally asked for May s unpublished legal advice on the matter.  Britain can basically change its mind at any time right up to the 29th of March 2019,  Simor told Reuters last month.  If you can revoke Article 50, then parliament has the power to rescue the country if that becomes necessary   if the government fails to secure a deal, or the deal is terrible, or the people do not want it.  ",1
15157,Myanmar jails foreign journalists with Turkish broadcaster for two months,"NAYPYITAW (Reuters) - A Myanmar court on Friday jailed for two months two journalists on assignment for Turkey s state broadcaster, along with their interpreter and driver, for violating an aircraft law by filming with a drone. Cameraman Lau Hon Meng from Singapore and reporter Mok Choy Lin from Malaysia, were detained on Oct. 27 along with their Myanmar interpreter, Aung Naing Soe, and driver, Hla Tin. The four had been working on a documentary for TRT World, the English-language subsidiary of the Turkish Radio and Television Corporation, when they were detained for attempting to fly a drone near parliament in the capital, Naypyitaw. None of the four is a Turkish national, but the case has further strained diplomatic ties after President Tayyip Erdogan accused Myanmar s military of carrying out  genocide  of Rohingya Muslims in the Buddhist-majority country. Police initially investigated whether they had violated an import-export rule that carries a penalty of up to three years in jail, but the judge opted to introduce a fresh charge of contravening the 1934 Burma Aircraft Act, which carries a maximum sentence of three months.  Both the cameraman and reporter pleaded guilty to the lesser charge, and the judge sentenced all four to two months, according to a Reuters reporter at the hearing. A fresh hearing will be held on Nov. 16 to decide if charges of violating the import-export rules are to be made.  The detainees admitted that they committed the crime, hoping they would only be fined, so it shocked us when the judge sentenced them to two months,  said defense lawyer Khin Maung Zaw. The lawyer said he would appeal for the sentence to be reduced to a fine. Before Friday s proceedings began, Mok told reporters in the court they were sorry for any disrespect of Myanmar s laws, but complained that the legal process had lacked transparency.  We have no idea what is going on, and we are not allowed to speak to our family,  she said.  And the rules and procedures are not explained to us. We were asked to sign statements that are completely in Burmese that we cannot understand.  As he was brought to court, interpreter Aung Naing Soe told reporters the four had not been mistreated while in custody, though police had asked about who they had spoken to and trips he made to several of restive Myanmar regions, including Rakhine. David Baulk, of the rights group Fortify Rights, called the judge s decision to accept the charges, deny bail and sentence the four defendants as  ridiculous as it is dangerous .  Once again Myanmar s judicial system has failed to stand up to state security forces and their blatant abuses of power,  Baulk, a specialist on Myanmar human rights for the group, told Reuters by email. Myanmar says the military counter-insurgency launched in August was provoked by Rohingya militant attacks on security posts in Rakhine State, and has denied both Erdogan s accusation and a top UN official s description of the operation as a  classic case of ethnic cleansing .    More than 600,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled Myanmar for neighboring Bangladesh since the military operation began. ",1
15158,"Euro budget, ESM, banking union stances unresolved in German talks: document","BERLIN (Reuters) - German parties exploring a coalition government remain divided on the issues of a euro zone budget, Europe s banking union and its ESM bailout fund ahead of a meeting of party leaders later on Friday, according to a draft paper on Europe seen by Reuters. The 1-1/2 page document, a blueprint for a new German government s stance on European issues, contains several bracketed sentences, reflecting ongoing areas of disagreement that must be resolved by Chancellor Angela Merkel and other party leaders at their meeting this afternoon.  We reject [a separate euro zone budget as well as] the introduction of instruments that would lead to automatic transfers or a mutualization of debt,  one passage reads, reflecting differences over whether to rule out French President Emmanuel Macron s idea for such a budget. Macron sent his finance minister, Bruno Le Maire, to Berlin this week to talk with leaders of the German parties and try to persuade them not to reject his ideas for a reform of the euro zone in their coalition agreement. In addition to Merkel s conservatives, the Greens and the liberal Free Democrats (FDP) are involved in the talks. The FDP has been particularly critical of Macron s ideas for a euro zone budget, fearful this would open the door to Germany subsidizing economically weak members of the 19-nation single currency bloc. The paper, which included footnotes spelling out where the different parties stood on the divisive issues, showed a degree of FDP isolation on key European issues. But in an interview with German magazine Der Spiegel on Friday, FDP leader Christian Lindner signaled a readiness to compromise, notably on Europe s rescue fund, saying a party that won 11 percent of the vote in Germany could not dictate the path for all of Europe. During the German election campaign, the FDP argued that the European Stability Mechanism (ESM) should be wound down, while the other parties argued it should be developed further into a European version of the International Monetary Fund.  The ESM has built up a level of expertise in recent years on the surveillance of stability goals,  Lindner said.  If it stays, it could be an instrument for more discipline.  The paper contained two alternate phrasings on Europe s banking union, one supported by Merkel s conservatives and the Greens, and a second with more hardline language backed by the FDP, according to the footnotes. The first variation talks about the step-by-step completion of the banking union. The second FDP version says the banking union should focus on systemic risks, rather than those to individual banks. The paper also includes passages agreed by all the German parties that will be welcomed by the French. It says Franco-German cooperation is of  particular importance  and acknowledges the need for member states and the EU to have an  appropriate capacity  to invest and counter asymmetric economic shocks. ",1
15159,Pakistan blocks off roads into capital as blasphemy law supporters stage sit-in,"RAWALPINDI, Pakistan (Reuters) - Pakistan on Friday blocked off roads into Islamabad, the capital, as an Islamist party that backs strict blasphemy laws staged a sit-in on a key highway, demanding the resignation of a  minister it blames for changes to an electoral oath. Dozens of Pakistanis are on death row, convicted of having insulted Islam s prophet, a charge that carries a mandatory death sentence, although no executions have been carried out.  More than 500 supporters of the Tehrik-e-Labaik Pakistan party, or Movement of the Prophet s Followers, chanted slogans as speakers addressed them from atop a cargo truck, pledging their lives to protect Pakistan s blasphemy laws.  The protesters demanded the resignation of Law Minister Zahid Hamid, whom they hold responsible for the law change, and denounced him as a blasphemer.   Immediately appear before us and beg for forgiveness,  said one speaker. Two high court lawyers who joined the sit-in said they would work to advance Labaik s agenda in the courts.   He (Hamid) has insulted the blasphemy laws, the punishment for which is death,  said one of the lawyers. Pakistan s interior ministry did not immediately answer telephone calls from Reuters to seek comment. The ruling Pakistani Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) unexpectedly set off a firestorm last month after voting through the alteration of the oath, among seemingly small changes to the nation s electoral law. The changes prompted accusations of blasphemy from religious parties and the government retreated, apologizing in parliament for what it called a  clerical  mistake. But the apology did not satisfy Tehreek-e-Labaik, triggering the sit-in, as the culmination of a march of nearly 400 km (249 miles) from the eastern city of Lahore.  The party rose to prominence in September, after placing third in a by-election in Lahore, edging out a major opposition party to pick up 6 percent of the vote. Last month, it gained nearly 8 percent in a by-election in the northwestern city of Peshawar.  While Tehrik-e-Labaik is unlikely to break out of single digits in coming votes, its rapid rise could present a challenge for the PML-N. On a bridge overlooking the highway demonstration site, drivers of trucks halted by blockades erected by city authorities complained about cargo delivery delays. One commuter unable to take public transport to work told Reuters his business had suffered.   I run a tailoring shop and can t go to work today,  said Mohammad Altaf.  I have lost a day s earnings.    ",1
15160,Pope says world should condemn 'very possession' of nuclear weapons,"VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope Francis, in some his strongest comments ever on nuclear weapons, said on Friday that the world should condemn not only their possible use but  their very possession . The appeal came at the start of a two-day conference on nuclear disarmament that has brought together 11 Nobel Peace Prize winners, as well as United Nations and NATO officials, discussing prospects for a world free of nuclear weapons. Addressing the group, Francis spoke of  the catastrophic humanitarian and environmental effects of any employment of nuclear devices  and added:  If we also take into account the risk of an accidental detonation as a result of error of any kind, the threat of their use, as well as their very possession, is to be firmly condemned.   ",1
15161,TPP leaders' meeting postponed after Canada disagreement: Japan's Abe,"DANANG, Vietnam (Reuters) - A planned meeting of leaders of the 11 countries in the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) has been postponed after Canada failed to agree to the terms of a deal that the others had reached, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Friday. The leaders were set to meet on Friday on the sidelines of the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Vietnam to discuss how to push ahead with TPP, but Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau did not show up, sources told Reuters.  As for TPP 11, a broad agreement has been reached at a ministerial meeting yesterday. But the Canadian side said today they are not yet at the stage where its leader can confirm the agreement reached among ministers,  Abe told reporters.  All the other leaders are already in the stage where their leaders can confirm the ministerial-level agreement,  he said. He did not say when the leaders would meet next. ",1
15162,U.S.-led coalition does not have 'releasable information' on IS leader Baghdadi whereabouts,BEIRUT (Reuters) - The U.S.-led coalition told Reuters on Friday that it does not have  any releasable information concerning the whereabouts  of Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. A military media unit run by the Iran-backed Hezbollah said on Friday that Baghdadi was reported present in the Syrian town of Albu Kamal during the Syrian army and its allies  operation to clear it. The report did not say if Baghdadi was captured. ,1
15163,"U.N. urges calm as deadline nears for asylum seekers to quit controversial, Australian-run camp","SYDNEY (Reuters) - About 20 asylum seekers on Friday left an Australian-run detention center due to close down in Papua New Guinea, but hundreds of holdouts faced forcible eviction amid an immigration standoff that has blighted Australia for years. Nearly 600 men have barricaded themselves into the Manus island center for more than 10 days without regular food or water, defying closure attempts by Australia and Papua New Guinea in what the United Nations calls a  looming humanitarian crisis . The deadline to move is Saturday. The asylum seekers fear reprisals if they move to transit centers pending possible resettlement in the United States. The main camp was closed on Oct. 31 and water and power have been cut off. Some locals are angry at what they perceive as preferential treatment for the asylum seekers, many of them well educated, in a poor, rural society, and some of the detainees have come under attack when on release from the camp.  Bowing to pressure from Papua New Guinea, which said it would forcibly evict and  apprehend  any holdouts on Saturday, around 20 men left the camp for one of the transit centers, three asylum seekers told Reuters. The rest vowed to stay put, setting the scene for a possible clash.  Volker Turk, assistant high commissioner for protection at U.N. refugee agency UNHCR, called on both governments to exercise restraint and not to use violence, taking into account people who had been in the processing center for years.  They re in a very vulnerable state with not much hope in sight,  he said.  We have been visiting Manus island several times over the last couple of years, we have reported on the very dire conditions in these centers. It s now really high time to bring an end to this unconscionable human suffering.   In Sydney, about 200 protesters picketed a fundraiser for the ruling Liberal Party, heckling arriving guests and demanding that the men be allowed to settle on the mainland. In Melbourne, more than 1,000 people held similar protests, the Australian Associated Press news agency said.   Australia has used the center, and a camp on the tiny Pacific island of Nauru, to detain asylum seekers who try to reach its shores by boat. It says boat arrivals will never enter Australia, even if found to be refugees, as this would encourage people smugglers in Asia. Australia says the policy prevents people drowning at sea, but it has been widely condemned.  We aren t going to be stood over by people that have better accommodation to move to,  Immigration Minister Peter Dutton said in a radio interview. The U.N. Human Rights Committee urged Australia to bring its migration laws into line with world standards. It is concerned about conditions in Manus and on Nauru, citing safety fears and instances of assault, sexual abuse, self-harm and suspicious deaths. The asylum seekers, drawn largely from Afghanistan, Iran, Myanmar, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, and Syria, use rubbish bins to collect rainwater and set up makeshift shelters to protect against the tropical sun and rain. Papua New Guinea police returned to dismantle parts of the camp on Friday, large parts of its fence having been removed the previous day.  They are destroying our shelters,  said Behrouz Boochani, a Kurdish journalist from Iran, detained for more than four years.  They destroyed the rubbish bins where we have been collecting water too.   ",1
15164,Lebanon support group urges Lebanon to be shielded from regional tensions: statement,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The International Support Group (ISG) for Lebanon appealed for Lebanon to  continue to be shielded from tensions in the region , a joint statement said on Friday. Following a meeting of ISG members with Lebanese President Michel Aoun on Friday, the group, whose members include the United States, Russia and France, stressed the importance of restoring  vital balance  of state institutions in Lebanon, and welcomed  the call of the president for Prime Minister Hariri to return to Lebanon , the statement said. ",1
15165,An umbrella for shade: Rohingya refugee boy works to support family,"COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - Twelve-year-old Nur Hafes would rather be in school or playing football with friends at home in Myanmar. Instead, he waits by the road in Palong Khali refugee camp in southern Bangladesh, looking for visitors who might give him money for his family.  Sole breadwinner for seven younger siblings and his mother since they arrived at the camp in Cox s Bazar two months ago, Nur spends his days watching for Muslim clerics who distribute money collected at mosques for the refugees.  Opening a brown umbrella, Nur offers to shade the visitors from the blazing sun, which can bring in a little extra cash for food and supplies. (Click reut.rs/2AtT2uy for photo essay on Nur Hafes and his family.)    Sometimes I get 50 or 100 taka and some days I come back empty-handed,  Nur said, holding up a 50-taka ($0.60) note he received from a donor.  Nur and his family are among the more than 600,000 Rohingyas who have fled to Bangladesh since August to escape a counter-insurgency operation by the Myanmar military after attacks on security posts by Rohingya militants.  United Nations officials have described the military s actions in Myanmar s northern Rakhine state as  ethnic cleansing , an accusation the Southeast Asian nation denies.  The family left their home in Tharay Kone Yoe Dan village in Rakhine s Maungdaw township when the violence started.   The Myanmar army burnt the houses with the people inside,  said Nur s mother, Rabia Khatun.   I saw many people with gunshot wounds and heard the crackle of houses burning.   She gathered a few belongings - a blanket to protect her children from rain, identity papers and a couple of old photos - and the family fled to her parents  village, Zaw Mat Tat, south of Maungdaw.   The next day, the army showed up there, too. Her husband became upset and suddenly left. Rabia has not seen him since.  Left with eight children, six of them younger than 10, she kept going. That evening, the family took a three-hour boat journey to Shah Porir Dwip, on the Bangladesh side of the Naf River.  Now the family relies on Nur for support. He was a huge help in Myanmar, reselling produce in their village market that his father had bought wholesale.  Nur and his mother said they hope he can eventually do something similar in Bangladesh, although Nur also still talks about school and football. With Nur s family huddled under a tarpaulin tent and his mother needing help to feed his siblings, the youngest two of whom suffer malnourishment, a normal child s life is not in his immediate future.  I know he is young, but he understands his responsibilities. He doesn t behave like a child anymore,  Nur s mother said.  ",1
15166,Britain agrees to set EU 'Exit Day' in law,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s government said on Thursday it would use legislation to fix the time and date of the country s European Union exit, addressing concerns of Brexiteers who fear slow negotiations and opposition to the divorce could cause delays.  The government said it was proposing a change to the EU (Withdrawal) Bill currently making its way through parliament to set the exit for 2300 GMT on March 29, 2019.   We ve listened to members of the public and Parliament and have made this change to remove any confusion or concern about what  exit day  means,  Brexit minister David Davis said in a statement. The date has previously been implied by a fixed two-year negotiating period triggered on March 29, 2017, but not explicitly stated in law. Prime Minister Theresa May and her team are battling to keep exit negotiations with the EU moving, amid growing concern that talks have yet to begin on a transitional deal to smooth the exit for businesses or the complex terms of a future trade deal. At home, May s government is facing a rough ride in parliament on the withdrawal bill, which forms the central plank of her Brexit strategy. After losing her parliamentary majority in an ill-judged election in June, May has to unite a Conservative Party deeply split over leaving the EU and rely on the support of a small Northern Irish party to get the bill through without defeats. The decision to define the date of Brexit in law came with a clear statement that the government is prepared to consider other concessions - even those proposed by political opponents.  This important step demonstrates our pragmatic approach to this vital piece of legislation,  Davis said.  Where MPs (Members of Parliament) can improve the Bill, whatever their party, we will work with them.  The bill will begin the latest stage of its journey through parliament on Tuesday and Wednesday, when lawmakers will debate and vote on some of the 186 pages of changes that have so far been proposed. The bill is at an early stage, and is expected to take months to make its way through both houses of parliament.  ",1
15167,No evidence Saudi Arabia detaining Hariri: Germany,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany has no evidence that Saad al-Hariri is being held against his will by Saudi Arabia and believes that the Lebanese prime minister who resigned last week enjoys freedom of movement, a Foreign Ministry spokeswoman said on Friday.  We have no evidence that Hariri is being detained in Riyadh and we assume that he chooses where he goes,  the spokeswoman said during a regular government news conference. A government spokesman said Germany shared Saudi Arabia s concerns about Iran s interference in Yemen and its support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and the Lebanese group Hezbollah. ",1
15168,"Countering Trump, China's Xi touts cooperation in Asia-Pacific","DANANG, Vietnam (Reuters) - Asia-Pacific nations must  uphold multilateralism , Chinese President Xi Jinping said on Friday, countering U.S. President Donald Trump s message at a summit that the United States would stay out of trade deals that surrender its sovereignty. Globalization is an irreversible trend, but the world must work to make it more balanced and inclusive, Xi told leaders gathered in the Vietnamese resort city of Danang for the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) meeting. His comments came moments after Trump told the same audience the United States would not tolerate chronic trade abuses from partners.  Should we steer economic globalization, or should we dither and stall in the face of challenge? Should we jointly advance regional cooperation or should we go our separate ways?  Xi asked.  Openness brings progress, while self-seclusion leaves one behind,  he said. During the past year, Xi has positioned China as a defender of globalization in speeches around the world, contrasting himself with Trump, who has pursued his  America First  agenda, and pulled the United States out of the regional Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal. Trump s predecessor saw the deal as a way for the United States, and not China, to write Asia s trade rules.  Having just concluded a state visit to China, Trump said the United States was ready to make a bilateral deal with any country in the Indo-Pacific region, but only on the basis of  mutual respect and mutual benefit . He blasted the World Trade Organization and multilateral trade deals, and some analysts expect tougher action may be imminent from the White House to fight bilateral trade imbalances with China exacerbated by Beijing s state-led economic model. But Xi s efforts to seize the mantle of free trade have rung hollow to critics of China, who argue it erects more market barriers to foreign companies, using state-driven industrial plans, than any major economy. In Danang, Xi said China would  significantly ease market access  for foreign firms, and all businesses registered in China would be treated as equals. Soon after Trump left Beijing, China said it would raise foreign ownership limits in financial firms, a move cautiously welcomed by business groups as an important step in opening up a tantalizing multi-trillion-dollar financial services market.  The 11 countries still party to the TPP have been looking for a way forward for the deal on the sidelines of the APEC meeting. Japan had lobbied hard to proceed with the pact that could also help to contain China s growing regional dominance, as it is not involved. Xi has been selling an alternate vision for regional trade by promoting the Beijing-backed Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP), which includes Australia, India and more than a dozen other countries, but not the United States. The RCEP is seen as an alternate to the TPP for a path to the broader Free Trade Area of the Asia-Pacific (FTAAP) that APEC aspires to.  We should support the multilateral trading system and practice open regionalism, to allow developing members to benefit more from international trade and investment,  Xi said. China will speed up negotiations with partners on free trade pacts, and work for the speedy conclusion of RCEP talks, he added. ",1
15169,Saudi-led coalition reopens Yemeni al-Wadea border crossing: sources,"ADEN (Reuters) - The Saudi-led military coalition fighting against the Houthi movement in Yemen has reopened a land border crossing, easing a blockade imposed on the country earlier this week, a Yemeni official and witnesses said on Friday.  The coalition said on Monday it would close all air, land and sea ports in Yemen to stem the flow of arms to the Houthis from Iran, after Saudi Arabia intercepted a missile fired toward its capital Riyadh. The al Wadea border crossing, linking Saudi Arabia with territory in eastern Yemen controlled by the Saudi-backed government, was reopened on Thursday, the official and witnesses said, letting food and other supplies enter Yemen. The United Nations has said that a total blockade could cause a famine that could kill millions. The southern port of Aden was reopened on Wednesday. The Houthis, drawn mainly from Yemen s Zaidi Shi ite minority and allied to long-serving former president Ali Abdullah Saleh, control much of the country including the capital San aa. Saudi Arabia and its Arab allies have been waging war against them on behalf of the government of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi, based in Aden. United Nations aid chief Mark Lowcock said on Wednesday that if the coalition did not allow humanitarian aid access to Yemen, it would cause  the largest famine the world has seen for many decades, with millions of victims.  The Saudis and their allies say the Houthis get weapons from their arch-foe, Iran. Iran denies arming the Houthis and blames the conflict in Yemen on Riyadh. ",1
15170,"Islamic State takes back half of Syrian town from Syrian army, allies: Observatory",BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said on Friday that Islamic State has taken back control of half of the Syrian town of Albu Kamal. The Syrian army declared it had captured the eastern border town on Thursday with the help of its allies. ,1
15171,Lebanon's Aoun tells Saudi envoy Hariri must return,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - President Michel Aoun told Saudi Arabia s envoy to Lebanon on Friday that Saad al-Hariri must return to the country, Lebanese media reported. Aoun also told the Saudi Charge d Affaires Walid al-Bukhari that the circumstances of Hariri s resignation were unacceptable, the reports said. Hariri resigned while in Saudi Arabia last Saturday. ",1
15172,"Trump praises 'productive' China talks, but tough action seen ahead","BEIJING (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump lauded his Beijing meetings on trade and North Korea as  very productive , ending a visit which Chinese media declared set a  new blueprint  for handling ties, even as the White House looks set for tougher action on China. Trump pressed China to do more to rein in North Korea s nuclear ambitions and said bilateral trade had been unfair to the United States, but also praised Xi s pledge that China would be more open to foreign firms.  Hours after Trump left Beijing on Friday, China said it would drop foreign ownership limits on local banks and asset management companies while loosening stake restrictions in securities firms and insurers - moves that have been long awaited by foreign financial firms. Beijing faces intensifying pressure from Western governments and business lobbies to remove investment barriers and other rules that hobble overseas firms from operating in the country, as well as intellectual property theft. Washington has refrained from pushing harder on trade because it needs China s cooperation on North Korea, although Xi, at least in public, went no further than reiterating China s determination to achieve denuclearization through talks. Trump and Xi, who call themselves friends, also oversaw the signing of about $250 billion in commercial deals, a show that some in the U.S. business community and others say detracts from addressing structural impediments that puts them at a disadvantage to Chinese rivals. China may be mistaken in thinking it had done enough to address U.S. concerns, and Trump could find people disappointed at home he didn t make more progress on items like market access and North Korea, Paul Haenle, Director of the Carnegie Tsinghua Center for Global Policy in Beijing, said.  My concern is you may see a shift towards a much harder line coming from the U.S. administration. That will be a huge surprise to China and President Xi, especially given that Xi likely feels he has done a lot for Trump on this visit.  Trump reiterated in a tweet just before leaving Beijing for the APEC summit of Asia Pacific leaders in Vietnam that he didn t blame China for the trade gap between the two countries, adding that he had  very productive  meetings on trade and North Korea with Xi.  I don t blame China, I blame the incompetence of past Admins for allowing China to take advantage of the U.S. on trade leading up to a point where the U.S. is losing $100 s of billions. How can you blame China for taking advantage of people that had no clue? I would ve done same!  A U.S. industry source said the implication of Trump blaming his predecessors for the trade deficit is that Trump won t make the same mistake - a warning to Xi, not a capitulation.  The Trump administration did not bring hard trade policy items to the discussion with Xi because U.S. officials don t want to  argue over crumbs , the source added.  Barring some dramatic action on North Korea by Xi, there is going to be a hard turn in U.S. trade policy,  the source said. A second source, who is close to the business delegation that traveled to Beijing this week, added that the Trump administration appeared poised to take a much harder line in the weeks ahead. There were no obvious gaffes during the two-night stopover, and Trump and Xi seemed to enjoy being in each other s company. At a banquet on Thursday night in the Great Hall of the People, Trump and Xi dined on coconut chicken soup, spicy chicken, stewed beef with tomatoes and grouper fillets. Chinese state media said the tone and outcome of Trump s visit had been largely positive, saying Trump and Xi were setting a new blueprint for handling relations and managing their differences.    China has tried its utmost, even at the sacrifice of Sino-North Korean relations,  influential tabloid the Global Times wrote in its editorial.   Trump has gradually learned that Beijing is indeed making selfless contributions to promoting the denuclearization of the peninsula. He can t demand more.  ",1
15173,First lady Melania plays tourist as Trump departs Beijing,"BEIJING (Reuters) - As U.S. President Donald Trump left Beijing on Friday for the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Vietnam, first lady Melania stayed behind to play tourist, viewing pandas at a zoo and visiting the Great Wall of China. At the Beijing Zoo, the 47-year-old former model fed a giant panda named Gu Gu and learned about his nutrition and training.  She greeted a group of school children waving miniature Chinese and American flags, handing out stuffed toy eagles after watching the children sing a Chinese folk song at the panda enclosure.  Thank you very much,  she said. Melania then signed a panda print, writing:  Thank you to the Beijing Zoo! Wonderful to meet Gu Gu! Melania Trump . Later in the afternoon, Melania walked along part of the Mutianyu section of the more than 20,000-km (12,400-mile) long Great Wall, a UNESCO World Heritage Site where China frequently takes visiting heads of state and their spouses. As with previous first ladies, Melania has used her platform to champion public causes, such as the prevention of childhood bullying and combating the opioid epidemic in the United States. Playing a prominent supporting role on the president s multi-leg Asia visit, she won praise on Chinese social media, with comparisons to China s glamorous first lady, Peng Liyuan, and comments on her apparent ease in navigating the ancient cobblestones of the Forbidden City in super-high stilettos upon arrival in Beijing on Wednesday. Accompanied by Peng, Melania watched a cultural performance, painted pandas and participated in a cooking class at a primary school on Thursday.     Many on China s Twitter-like Weibo applauded Melania s grace and sense of style, as well as her cultural sensitivity.   In China, she wore mostly austere coats and dark gowns from Dolce & Gabbana and Alexander McQueen, in contrast with her magenta Delpozo outfit and electric-blue heels upon landing in South Korea days before.  But most in China said they remained bigger fans of their own first lady, often affectionately referred to online as Peng Mama, which roughly translates as Mother Peng.  I still think Mama oozes more grace, while also exuding a motherly air!  one Weibo poster said. Chinese social media sites are policed more heavily than normal during important political events, with negative or sensitive matter swiftly blocked or removed by internet censors.  As Trump departed, he said on Twitter his wife s next stop would be Alaska, where she would  greet our AMAZING troops . However, Trump s daughter and adviser Ivanka, who is very popular in China, did not accompany her father, to the disappointment of fans. ",1
15174,"In China's 'democracy village', no one wants to talk any more","WUKAN, China (Reuters) - Surveillance cameras peer at residents from every major street corner. Informants are everywhere, villagers say. And more than a dozen villagers are languishing in prison or detention. The southern Chinese village of Wukan was once a symbol of grassroots democracy in China. Now, a year after the authorities quelled protests over land grabs and the jailing of a local leader, Wukan is locked in a stifling security squeeze. A rare visit to Wukan by a Reuters team and interviews with half a dozen villagers and sources familiar with the situation revealed that the village and surrounding area remain tightly policed as the government tries to maintain security at all costs. Villagers in Wukan once warmly welcomed the media, but many are now afraid of speaking for fear of reprisals.  There s nothing left here,  said one young man in Wukan who was edgy and wouldn t talk for long.  You know what happened,  he added before moving quickly away.  The sources said that a provincial-level  Wukan Mass Working Group  had been set up with about 100 full-time personnel and charged with ensuring  stability  by marshalling a network of informers, security patrols, surveillance systems and floodlights in the village. In the 1980s, the Chinese government began allowing elections in villages nationwide, although democracy activists say the votes for village committees were rarely free from official influence.  But after a series of protests against local officials in Wukan in 2011, when government offices were ransacked, authorities eventually backed down, allowing the village to hold open elections that became a beacon for democratic hope in China. But now, Wukan, once famous in China as the  democracy village , has succumbed to China s tightening grip over civil society and individual rights, said Zhuang Liehong, a former Wukan protest leader who helped lead an uprising against local authorities in 2011.  What is happening in Wukan is what is happening in China,  said Zhuang.  It s a dark reflection of China, with no freedom of expression. No individual rights.  There was no immediate response from the Guangdong provincial government to faxed questions from Reuters seeking comment. Under President Xi Jinping, the government has intensified efforts to deepen the reach of the Communist Party into all aspects of life in China. Critics say it brooks no dissent, and has been cracking down on civil society, which it sees as a challenge to central authority.  When Xi took the reins in 2013, repressing boundary-pushers in civil society was a cornerstone of his political campaign to consolidate power,  Diana Fu of the University of Toronto and Greg Distelhorst of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology wrote in an academic paper on  Grassroots Participation and Repression in Contemporary China . With China s recent leadership transition further consolidating Xi s power, the next five years will likely see a continuation of tough social stability policies that will have an impact on places like Wukan, some analysts say.  The party has decided to double down on authoritarianism after the problems they ve faced,  said Nicolas Bequelin, Amnesty International s director for East Asia. During the 2011 protests, Zhuang helped barricade the coastal hamlet of 15,000 people against battalions of riot police. He spoke by telephone with Reuters from New York, where he is now in exile after leaving Wukan in 2014. Wukan sits in a picturesque region flanked by hills and a deep water harbor, with lush farmland, ponds teeming with fish and shrimp, and the occasional flash of kingfishers.  Its troubles began in the 1990s when swathes of farmland began being sold off to property developers by the village leadership in a series of opaque deals. In 2011, these problems came to a head, when many villagers began demanding that the land be returned.   A months-long insurrection against local authorities and riot police put a global media spotlight on Wukan, leading to a rare populist victory in Communist China when the provincial authorities eventually backed down.   The village committee at the center of the land deals was removed and a free election was allowed that saw all seven of the protest leaders voted into public office. This village committee soon came under pressure from allies of the old leadership seeking retribution, they said. Over the course of the next few years most of the protest organizers left public office, including their leader, Lin Zuluan, who was jailed for corruption last summer. The protests last year erupted after villagers demanded Lin s release. Many villagers say the charges were concocted and that a confession by Lin on state television was forced. The protests ran for several months and were quelled by hundreds of riot police firing rubber bullets, hurling tear gas and beating up villagers with batons, victims and witnesses told Reuters at the time. Last December, the People s Court of nearby Haifeng town, which oversees Wukan, sentenced nine villagers to jail terms ranging from two to nine years for a number of charges including illegal assembly, disrupting traffic and spreading false information, according to a notice on its website. There was no immediate response to a Reuters request for comment from the Lufeng government, which has jurisdiction over Haifeng and Wukan.   One villager, Zhang Bingchai, was jailed for two years for allegedly spreading false information, the court said. Two acquaintances who knew him said he had spoken about the situation in Wukan, to outsiders on his mobile phone and had posted some images of the crackdown. Zhuang said his 67-year-old father, Zhuang Songkun, was jailed for three years on a charge of gathering a crowd to block traffic during the protests. The hard line against the protests reflects the government s desire to ensure stability, said Xiong Wei, the founder of New Enlightenment, a village advocacy organization in Beijing who has visited Wukan on numerous occasions.    And they ve been very successful,  said Xiong.  No one dares raise their head. But the problems haven t been resolved,  he added, referring to the land seizures. Beyond a checkpoint manned by paramilitary police with guns, the main road into Wukan is now lined with giant billboards and colorful flags projecting a new narrative of stability and peace. Propaganda billboards and posters were also displayed around town.  Advance solidly to execute the strategy of loving the people,  read one, illustrated with a flock of doves flying over uniformed officers clutching rifles as they look across toward a portrait of Mao in Beijing s Tiananmen Square.  Police and the people build a harmonious and civilized Wukan together,  it read. Another sign urged a  New Ethos . Beneath the surface, however, resentment lingers amongst those who spoke to Reuters.  Wukan has reached a dead end now,  said one villager.  People won t do anything.  Back in New York, Zhuang, the exiled former Wukan protest leader, said he ll keep speaking out.   He said his mother has been harassed and his house surveilled with cameras. Visitors to his house have been questioned and several detained, he said. His assertions could not be independently confirmed. All of the other former Wukan protest leaders have since quit their posts, been jailed, or harassed, he said.  Besides me, there are no voices left. It is silent now.  ",1
15175,Lebanon's Aoun concerned at Hariri situation: presidential sources,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanese President Michel Aoun expressed concern on Friday over reports surrounding the circumstances of Saad Hariri, who resigned as Lebanese prime minister on Saturday while in Saudi Arabia. Aoun, in a meeting with foreign ambassadors and representatives of the United Nations, EU and Arab League in Lebanon, urged clarification of these circumstances, presidential sources said. Two top Lebanese government officials told Reuters on Thursday they believed Hariri was being held in Saudi Arabia. A third source, a senior politician close to Hariri, said Saudi Arabia had ordered him to resign and put him under house arrest. A fourth source familiar with the situation said Saudi Arabia was controlling and limiting his movement. Riyadh says Hariri is a free man. ",1
15176,Croatia parliament debates government no-confidence motion over Agrokor,"ZAGREB (Reuters) - The Croatian parliament began a debate on Friday on an opposition no-confidence motion against the government over its handling of a debt crisis that had hit Croatia s largest firm Agrokor. The opposition, led by the Social Democrats, says that the government, which took over administration of Agrokor last April, was not running the restructuring process transparently. It also says that the whole process has been politicized.  The government has failed to provide credible answers on key questions in relation to the law on Agrokor,  the opposition said in its motion. The no-confidence motion is unlikely to succeed as the center-right coalition comprising the conservatives and the liberals has a small but firm parliamentary majority. A vote is expected on Friday. The government introduced an emergency law to intervene because Agrokor, the largest employer in the Balkans, faced a debt and liquidity crisis. The opposition has criticized the government for a liquidity loan agreed in recent months with creditors, including foreign investment funds, to finance Agrokor s operations through a 15-month period of restructuring. It said that the loan deal was not transparent and appeared to favor some creditors. The government and Agrokor s crisis manager Ante Ramljak reject the accusations. ",1
15177,Kremlin says prospects for Putin-Trump meeting at APEC are unclear,"DANANG, Vietnam (Reuters) - The prospects for a meeting between Russian President Vladimir Putin and U.S. President Donald Trump at this week s Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Vietnam are unclear, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Friday.  We don t fully understand yet. But we are patiently continuing to work in order to come to an understanding. Both presidents are in town. One way or another they will cross paths,  Peskov told reporters on the sidelines of the summit. ",1
15178,Turkey detains 100 Islamic State suspects: Anadolu agency,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish police detained 100 people in three separate operations on Friday over suspected links to Islamic State, state-run Anadolu news agency said. It said police arrested 82 foreign nationals in an operation centered on Istanbul. Eleven more foreign nationals were arrested in the southern province of Adana and seven Turkish nationals were arrested in the western province of Izmir. Weapons and documents were also seized, Anadolu said. The raids came a day after police arrested more than 190 people suspected of having ties to Islamic State in the capital Ankara and northwestern province of Bursa. ",1
15179,"Nigerian police kill one, arrest two suspects in British kidnapping","ONITSHA, Nigeria (Reuters) - Police in Nigeria s southern Delta state said they killed one suspect and arrested two others accused of involvement in the kidnapping last month of four Britons.  Three of the British hostages, who were taken by gunmen on Oct. 13, were released earlier this week after negotiations, but a fourth, Ian Squire was killed.  Delta state police spokesman Andrew Aniamaka said officers arrested two suspects and killed a third after he opened fire, wounding two officers.  Aniamaka said two other suspects who were arrested previously led police to the three men. Kidnapping for ransom is common in parts of Nigeria, including the Delta region that produces the bulk of the country s crude oil, but is mired in poverty and plagued by criminal and militant activity.  ",1
15180,Planned meeting of TPP leaders at APEC summit did not happen: officials,"DANANG, Vietnam (Reuters) - A planned meeting of leaders of the eleven countries in the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) did not take place on Friday, officials said. The leaders were set to meet in the afternoon on the sidelines of the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Vietnam to discuss how to push ahead with TPP, after the United States pulled out this year.  The meeting did not happen, work remains to be done and that s what s happening now,  a Canadian official said. Trade ministers of the TPP countries had met on Thursday but it was not clear if any agreement had been reached. Japan had said an agreement in principle had been reached, but Canada disputed that. ",1
15181,Trump brings tough trade message in vision for Asia,"DANANG, Vietnam (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump set out a strong message on trade at a meeting of Asia-Pacific countries in Vietnam on Friday, saying the United States could no longer tolerate chronic trade abuses and would insist on fair and equal policies. Trump said the United States was ready to make a bilateral deal with any country in the Indo-Pacific region, but only on the basis of  mutual respect and mutual benefit .  When the United States enters into a trading relationship with other countries or other peoples, we will from now on expect that our partners will faithfully follow the rules,  he said in the seaside resort of Danang.   We expect that markets will be open to an equal degree on both sides and that private investment, not government planners, will direct investment,  he said in a speech ahead of a summit of Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) leaders.     Trump arrived in Vietnam from China on the fourth leg of a 12-day trip to Asia. Redressing the balance of trade between Asia and the United States is at the center of Trump s  America First  policy he says will protect U.S. workers. The difference between Trump s and China s approaches was made more stark by comments in a later speech from Chinese President Xi Jinping, who said globalization was an irreversible trend and voiced support for multilateral trade deals. While China has by far the biggest trade surplus with the United States, Vietnam is also on the list of those surpluses the Trump administration seeks to reduce. APEC, which has long championed free trade, has itself been convulsed by the changes under Trump. Since Trump abandoned the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal early in his presidency, the remaining 11 members have struggled to build momentum to keep it alive. Leaders of TPP countries are due to meet on Friday after talks among ministers ended in confusion on Thursday with Japan s economy minister saying that they  agree in principle  and his Canadian counterpart saying that was not true. Trump broke early with the  Pivot to Asia  of the Obama administration, worrying some traditional allies that he would allow China to extend its increasing dominance. Danang itself sits on the shore of the South China Sea, one of the region s biggest security headaches and where China s neighbors challenge its sweeping claim to most of the waterway as having no basis in law. Trump said the region s future depended on upholding  freedom of navigation and overflight, including open shipping lanes . He also mentioned  territorial expansion  among evils such as drugs, people smuggling and terrorism. Vietnam has become one of the most vocal critics of China s claims in the South China Sea and its construction of artificial islands. In a sign of possible competition with China s grand Belt and Road plan, Trump said he would push the World Bank and Asian Development Bank to fund infrastructure development and would reform U.S. development finance institutions. Trump said that would  provide strong alternatives to state directed initiatives that come with many strings attached .  Above all, we seek friendship and we don t dream of domination,  he said. Although he was addressing a meeting alongside the summit of Asia-Pacific leaders, Trump repeatedly referred to the Indo-Pacific region and mentioned the importance of India in his speech. Danang has a special place in U.S.-Vietnamese history: it was where the first U.S. ground troops disembarked in 1965 in the escalation of a war that would last another decade before the communist victory. Danang was close to some of the heaviest fighting and its air base was the route through which many Americans of Trump s generation were sent to the war. Trump himself did not serve, receiving five deferments - one for bone spurs in his heel. ",1
15182,"Thai rubber farmers plan protest over low prices, seek aid","BANGKOK (Reuters) - Rubber farmers in Thailand, one of the world s biggest exporters of natural rubber, threatened on Friday to protest in the capital Bangkok if the military government does not help to prop up falling prices of the commodity. Prices of Thai natural rubber have fallen from a peak of 179.25 baht ($5.41) per kg in 2011 to 47.75 baht on Friday. But Thai authorities said prices have similarly slumped in other major producers of the commodity. Protests are rare in the junta-ruled Southeast Asian country where a ban on public gatherings has been in place since a 2014 coup. The Natural Rubber Council of Thailand said farmers in the rubber-growing south were calling on the authorities for help.  The price of rubber is now lower than the cost of production,  Uthai Sonlucksub, president of the council, told Reuters. Some farmers from the south want to protest on Monday and accuse the Rubber Authority of Thailand, a government agency, of mismanagement, Uthai said. He did not give details on the kind of help the farmers want. Thailand, along with Indonesia and Malaysia, produce nearly 70 percent of the world s natural rubber. The three countries agreed last year to cut exports to boost market prices but their targets have not always been met. The Thai rubber authority denied the accusations of mismanagement.  Rubber prices are currently low in all of the major rubber producing countries. We are doing our best,  said Sunan Nuanphromsakul, the authority s deputy governor. Thailand s rubber farmers are politically powerful. In 2013, hundreds of farmers staged protests around the country, blocking roads and a regional airport in the south. Those demonstrations eventually turned into a bigger political movement that led to the ouster in 2014 of a civilian government led by then-Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra. Thai benchmark unsmoked rubber sheet was quoted at 43.60 baht per kg on Thursday, less than half of this year s peak reached in January. ",1
15183,"Thai rubber farmers plan protest over low prices, seek aid","BANGKOK (Reuters) - Rubber farmers in Thailand, one of the world s biggest exporters of natural rubber, threatened on Friday to protest in the capital Bangkok if the military government does not help to prop up falling prices of the commodity. Prices of Thai natural rubber have fallen from a peak of 179.25 baht ($5.41) per kg in 2011 to 47.75 baht on Friday. But Thai authorities said prices have similarly slumped in other major producers of the commodity. Protests are rare in the junta-ruled Southeast Asian country where a ban on public gatherings has been in place since a 2014 coup. The Natural Rubber Council of Thailand said farmers in the rubber-growing south were calling on the authorities for help.  The price of rubber is now lower than the cost of production,  Uthai Sonlucksub, president of the council, told Reuters. Some farmers from the south want to protest on Monday and accuse the Rubber Authority of Thailand, a government agency, of mismanagement, Uthai said. He did not give details on the kind of help the farmers want. Thailand, along with Indonesia and Malaysia, produce nearly 70 percent of the world s natural rubber. The three countries agreed last year to cut exports to boost market prices but their targets have not always been met. The Thai rubber authority denied the accusations of mismanagement.  Rubber prices are currently low in all of the major rubber producing countries. We are doing our best,  said Sunan Nuanphromsakul, the authority s deputy governor. Thailand s rubber farmers are politically powerful. In 2013, hundreds of farmers staged protests around the country, blocking roads and a regional airport in the south. Those demonstrations eventually turned into a bigger political movement that led to the ouster in 2014 of a civilian government led by then-Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra. Thai benchmark unsmoked rubber sheet was quoted at 43.60 baht per kg on Thursday, less than half of this year s peak reached in January. ",1
15184,South Korea to hold summit with China on Saturday: Blue House,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean president Moon Jae-in will hold a summit with his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping on Saturday, South Korea s presidential office said in a statement on Friday. Last week, Seoul and Beijing agreed to move beyond a year-long stand-off over the deployment of a U.S. anti-missile system in South Korea, a dispute that has been devastating to South Korean businesses that rely on Chinese consumers. The two leaders will both attend the APEC summit of Asia Pacific leaders in Vietnam s central city of Danang.  ",1
15185,Moscow getting contradictory signals from U.S. on Putin-Trump meeting: Kremlin,"DANANG, Vietnam (Reuters) - Moscow has been receiving contradictory signals from the United States on a possible meeting between Russian President Vladimir Putin meeting and U.S. President Donald Trump in Vietnam, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Friday. Peskov also told reporters Putin would meet Trump on the sidelines of APEC summit in Vietnam  one way or another . The White House said on Friday Trump will not have a separate meeting with his Russian counterpart. ",1
15186,South Korea says it will join U.S. aircraft carrier drill November 11-14,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea will join three U.S. aircraft carrier strike groups in a joint drill scheduled for Nov. 11 to 14, the South s military said on Friday. South Korean naval vessels will participate in the drill in waters off the east coast, the South s joint chiefs of staff said in a statement. The Pentagon said on Wednesday the drill involving three aircraft carrier strike groups in the Western Pacific would be carried out for the first time in a decade, confirming a Reuters report. A total of seven South Korean navy vessels, including Aegis-equipped warships, will participate in the drill, the statement said, to accompany 14 U.S. naval warships. During the joint drill, the two countries will practice air operations, air artillery strikes and aircraft carrier escorts to test their ability to jointly carry out such operations. The drill is also in response to North Korean nuclear and missile provocations, the South s military said, and to show any such developments by Pyongyang can be repelled with  overwhelming force . ",1
15187,Trump sets out strong trade message at Asia-Pacific meeting,"DANANG, Vietnam (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump set out a strong message on trade at a meeting of Asia-Pacific countries in Vietnam on Friday, saying the United States could no longer tolerate chronic trade abuses and would insist on fair and equal trade policies. Trump said the United States was ready to make a bilateral deal with any country in the Indo-Pacific region, but only on the basis of  mutual respect and mutual benefit . Although he was addressing a meeting alongside the summit of Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) leaders, he repeatedly referred to the Indo-Pacific region and mentioned the importance of India in his speech. Referring to North Korea, he said the region must not be held hostage to a dictator s  twisted fantasies . ",1
15188,Cambodia PM Hun Sen says 2018 election result does not need international recognition,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodia s long-serving Prime Minister Hun Sen on Friday said the 2018 national election result does not require international recognition to be valid   the latest sign of his determination to hold on to power after almost 33 years in office. Hun Sen s ruling Cambodian People s Party (CPP) has gone after critics including members of the opposition Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) in recent months in what opponents say is a bid to strengthen its grip on power ahead of the vote. A court will rule on Nov. 16 whether to dissolve the CNRP after the government filed a lawsuit demanding its dissolution.  Hun Sen s critics accuse him of trying to turn the country into a one-party state. Acrimony between the two parties has risen steadily, with Hun Sen threatening war should his party lose the 2018 poll. Opposition leader Kem Sokha was charged with treason in September after being accused by the government of plotting to overthrow its leaders with the backing of the United States. Rights group say Kem Sokha was jailed on trumped-up charges. Half of Cambodia s opposition MPs have fled the country. Some rights groups have urged the EU and Japan to consider halting their funding for Cambodia s election panel if the government succeeds in dissolving the opposition. Speaking at a youth event in the capital Phnom Penh, Hun Sen said the election will he held on July 29 regardless of whether there is foreign funding or not.  The National Election Committee (NEC) will announce the final results ... there will be no need for anybody to recognize it or not, we don t need it,  he said. His remarks come after voter registration closed on Thursday with two thirds of voters still unregistered. Som Sorida, deputy secretary-general at the NEC, said 536,230 eligible voters had registered out of a target of 1.6 million.   Many of the 1.6 million people are migrant workers abroad,  Som Sorida told Reuters.  We don t expect that they would come to register to vote.  The NEC said a total 8.3 million people in Cambodia had signed up to vote overall. Koul Panha, director of the Committee for Free and Fair Elections in Cambodia, said that the low turnout was  partly due to intimidation and political tension.   ",1
15189,China's C919 jet completes first long-distance flight,"SHANGHAI (Reuters) - China s self-developed C919 passenger jet completed its first long-distance flight on Friday, in a milestone that its manufacturer said marks the plane s move into an airworthiness certification phase. The Commercial Aircraft Corp of China Ltd (COMAC) said in a statement the C919 flew for 2 hours and 23 minutes from Shanghai to the central Chinese city of Xi an, traveling more than 1,300 km (800 miles) and reaching an altitude of 7,800 meters (25,590 feet). The jet, which China wants to compete with Boeing Co s 737 and the Airbus SE A320, is a symbol of China s civil aerospace ambitions. It will remain in Xi an to undergo further testing, the planemaker said.  This ferry flight indicates that the C919 possess the ability to fly inter-city routes,  COMAC said in the statement.  (It) marks the move into research and development flight-testing and airworthiness certification work.  The latest flight is the plane s sixth test since it flew for the first time on May 5. Analysts had questioned the long time gaps between previous test flights. COMAC is aiming to obtain certification for the plane from Chinese regulators as well as Europe s aviation safety regulator, which in April agreed to start the certification process. COMAC said it planned to eventually test six C919 planes and will carry out the first flight for its second jet by the end of this year. The plane currently has 27 customers who have placed orders and commitments for 730 jets, it added.  ",1
15190,South Africa mulls welfare cuts to fund free higher education: report,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s government is considering a range of budget cuts that could include slashing social grants for the most vulnerable in order to pay for free tertiary education, a newspaper reported on Friday. South Africa s rand weakened on Thursday after comments by President Jacob Zuma raised concerns about higher spending on education, which would put added strain on the country s already stretched public finances.  The Mail & Guardian newspaper said a presidential fiscal committee had presented a document to Zuma outlining possible cuts to fund free higher education for lower-income students as well as plugging a swelling budget deficit.  Options included cuts to the social grants that are the main source of income for around 17 million people - a third of the population - and slashing the budgets for housing, infrastructure and the armed forces. A freeze on civil servant wage hikes was also on the cards, the newspaper reported. The Presidency and Treasury did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Violent protests by students and activists demanding free tuition rocked several South African universities last year, underlying tensions in a country marred by glaring income disparities defined largely by race. South Africa is staring down the barrel of ratings downgrades after the Treasury last month widened the 2017/18 budget deficit estimate to 4.3 percent of gross domestic product while lowering this year s economic growth forecast to 0.7 percent from 1.3 percent. ",1
15191,"Philippine militants sought July deal to end Marawi conflict, intermediaries say","MANILA (Reuters) - Islamic State-inspired militants who battled troops in a southern Philippine city for 154 days sought a way out two months into the fierce conflict, but the government ignored their proposal, a separatist negotiator and a minister said. The takeover of Marawi was the biggest security crisis in decades in the Philippines, fuelling concern that Islamic State and Indonesian and Malaysian extremists might have greater sway among its minority Muslims than previously thought. Abdullah Maute, one of those leading the Dawla Islamiya rebel alliance in the city, had engaged Muslim leaders to urge President Rodrigo Duterte to let the militants escape in return for the release of scores of captives, one cleric said. Agakhan Sharief, a Marawi Muslim cleric well known to the militant Maute clan, said that around July 27, Abdullah Maute asked for help in arranging for the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF), a separatist group at peace with the government, to receive hostages and escort militants out of the city.  He agreed to negotiate to leave Marawi on the condition the MILF is involved,  Sharief told Reuters.  I told him when he goes out of Marawi, there s no guarantee the military will not kill him. He said,  No problem .  He was very serious at the time.  The violence in Marawi killed more than 1,100 people, mostly rebels, and the city center has been destroyed by artillery and government air strikes. The military believes Abdullah was killed in an air strike in early August, but the body was not found. His brother and co-leader, Omarkhayam, was killed on Oct. 16, along with Isnilon Hapilon, Islamic State s   emir  in Southeast Asia. The government allowed the MILF to operate a  peace corridor  in Marawi that helped rescue hundreds of civilians. The MILF s top peace negotiator, Mohagher Iqbal, confirmed Maute made the proposal, but the government had ignored it.   There was no formal negotiation and our role was only to facilitate. It s up to two sides to agree,  he told Reuters.  We had some reservations about the deal. Although some of the Maute members were former MILF, we doubted their intentions and sincerity. We do not know if they would honor the deal.  Scores of hostages escaped or were rescued in the last few months of the fighting, but it is unclear how many may have been killed. Authorities have yet to retrieve all bodies from a battle zone that is still littered with unexploded munitions and homemade bombs. The army says a few militant holdouts are still hiding in what is now ground zero. Defence Secretary Delfin Lorenzana told Reuters Duterte was aware of Maute s request to flee Marawi in exchange for hostages, but the offer was too little, too late.   Too many soldiers had been killed,  he said.  If they had proposed that in the first week, when there had not been so many casualties, then it would have been OK.  It was too late, he (Duterte) was no longer inclined to entertain any deals with them.  ",1
15192,Kremlin says possible Putin-Trump meeting being worked on,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - A possible meeting between Russian President Vladimir Putin and U.S. President Donald Trump at the APEC summit in Vietnam is still being worked on, Russian news agencies cited Kremlin spokesman as saying on Friday.  Discussions continue. There is no clarity yet,  Dmitry Peskov was quoted by Interfax as saying. The White House said on Friday Trump will not have a separate meeting with his Russian counterpart.          ",1
15193,Trump arrives in Vietnam for summit of Asia-Pacific leaders,"DANANG, Vietnam (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump landed in Vietnam on Friday for a summit of Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) nations, the fourth leg of his 12-day Asia trip. The White House has said Trump will set out a U.S. vision for a  free and open Indo-Pacific region  in a speech in the beach resort of Danang. Trump arrived from China, where he praised Chinese leader Xi Jinping as  highly respected  and Chinese media had declared the visit had set a  new blueprint  for handling U.S.-China relations and differences. ",1
15194,Panama says Odebrecht paid ex-president's sons $49 million,"PANAMA CITY (Reuters) - Two sons of former Panamanian president Ricardo Martinelli were paid $49 million by Brazilian engineering company Odebrecht through a network of shell companies, Panama s prosecutors office said on Thursday.  The two sons, whose whereabouts are unknown, were paid to facilitate paperwork for contracts that the company had won, prosecutors said in a statement.  Ricardo Alberto and Luis Enriquez Martinelli were paid through accounts in Panama and abroad from 2010 to 2014, they said. Odebrecht agreed in August to pay $220 million in fines to Panama and to cooperate with investigators probing bribes of Panamanian officials. Odebrecht allegedly paid hundreds of millions of dollars in bribes in association with infrastructure projects in 12 countries, including Brazil, Argentina, Colombia, Mexico, Venezuela and Panama between 2002 and 2016. ",1
15195,Peru's Congress passes law to target Odebrecht's partners,"LIMA (Reuters) - Peru s opposition-ruled Congress voted 55-21 late on Thursday to pass legislation that expands a raft of new financial restrictions to the local partners of scandal-plagued Brazilian builder Odebrecht. If signed by President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski, the law would deliver a fresh blow to Peru s biggest construction group, Grana y Montero, just as the company s shares have been climbing back from a sharp drop after partner Odebrecht admitted to a decade-long bribery scheme last year. Supporters of the bill said Odebrecht s partners might have had a hand in the graft and must be included in anti-corruption rules passed early this year that restrict the transfer of company assets abroad until civil reparations have been paid. The legislation would also seize companies   ill-gotten gains  made from government contracts. Grana declined to comment on the legislation. The company has repeatedly denied knowing about or being involved in Odebrecht s bribes and said last week that a 6-month internal probe it commissioned turned up no evidence of wrongdoing. Lawmakers in Kuczynski s party voted against the bill and his government will likely send it back to Congress saying it violates the presumption of innocence, a former deputy justice minister in Kuczynski s government, Edgar Carpio, told Reuters. The justice ministry did not immediately respond to requests for comment. The bill taps growing impatience in Peru with criminal investigations related to Odebrecht that have yet to yield any convictions or broaden to target additional companies.  It s been a year and nothing,  opposition lawmaker Victor Andres Belaunde said.  We re disappointed with the lack of courage of many who don t want to confront corruption.  Right-wing opposition party Popular Force, which dominates Congress, has slammed Kuczynski s government and the attorney general s office as soft on graft. Opposition lawmakers have demanded Kuczynski face questioning in Congress about what he knew about Odebrecht s bribes when he was part of the cabinet of former president Alejandro Toledo, whom prosecutors allege took $20 million from the company in exchange for lucrative highway contracts. Grana partnered with Odebrecht on two of the highway contracts and a $5 billion natural gas pipeline project that was canceled this year as the bribery scandal unfolded. Kuczynski has denied wrongdoing and has answered lawmakers  questions about his knowledge of Odebrecht in writing, but he has said he would not do so in a congressional commission because it would be a  circus.  ",1
15196,Islamist militants kill six soldiers in southern Philippines,"MANILA (Reuters) - Pro-Islamic State militants killed six soldiers and wounded four others on a southern Philippine island, the military spokesman said on Friday, as the army focused on the remaining rebel groups after regaining control of Marawi City. The army shifted its operations on Basilan island after ending the five-month combat operations in Marawi last month after killing the militants  top leaders, including Isnilon Hapilon, the emir of pro-Islamic State groups in Southeast Asia.  We were going after the Abu Sayyaf elements who continue to exist in Basilan and up to this time, there have been skirmishes reported to us, specifically this morning,  military spokesman Major-General Restituto Padilla told news channel ANC. Ten soldiers were wounded, but six died on the way to a medical facility on Wednesday evening after troops, searching for Abu Sayyaf sub-commander Furiji Indama, clashed with militant groups in Sumisip town, he added. Militants from the Abu Sayyaf, notorious for bombings, beheadings, extortion and kidnap-for-ransom in the south of the mainly Roman Catholic Philippines, took part in the attack on Marawi in May which led to the bloody five-month battle. Two army battalions were sent to reinforce soldiers who were taking heavy gunfire from well-entrenched militants, spokeswoman Captain Jo-Ann Petinglay told reporters, adding two attack helicopters also provided close air support. An undetermined number of militants were killed or wounded in the four-hour battle, Petinglay said.  We will continue to chase the Abu Sayyaf and finish them off,  she added. The presence of pro-Islamic State militants is among the top internal security threats for the Philippines. The Marawi siege raised alarms that southern Philippines is fast becoming an Asian hub for the ultra-radical group. ",1
15197,Philippines' Duterte offers to host 'world summit' on human rights,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who is facing international criticism for his bloody war on drugs, said his country was willing to host a  world summit  to tackle how nations can protect human rights. The firebrand leader, who spoke in a news conference late on Thursday while in Vietnam for the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation meeting, said the summit should focus on human rights violations not just in the Philippines but globally. Some western countries and human rights groups have strongly criticized Duterte s anti-narcotics campaign that has killed more than 3,900 suspected drug users and peddlers, in what the police called self-defense after armed suspects resisted arrest. Critics dispute that and say executions are taking place with zero accountability, allegations the police reject.  Let s have a summit of how we can protect human rights for all human race,  Duterte said shortly after meeting with the Filipino community in Vietnam, where he also renewed his attacks against United Nations human rights expert Agnes Callamard.  What makes the death of people in the Philippines more important than the rest of the children in the world that were massacred and killed,  he asked. He said all victims of human rights violations are welcome to attend the summit and air their grievances. Duterte reiterated his threat to slap Callamard if she investigates him for the rising death toll in his war on drugs and would ask her why she has made no comments on the victims of bombings and violence in the Middle East.  What have you been doing all the time? Why are you so fascinated with drugs?  Duterte said. Duterte also threatened to ban two American lawmakers from coming to Manila after they criticized U.S. President Donald Trump for inviting him to visit the United States.  If you do not like me, I do not like you. We re even,  he said without naming the lawmakers. Democratic Rep. James McGovern and Republican Rep. Randy Hultgren had called on Trump to highlight the human rights situation in the Philippines in his upcoming visit to Manila.  I will tell them, you are too presumptuous. What made you think that I am even planning or thinking about visiting your country?  ",1
15198,South Korea says will provide financial support for Kaesong firms,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea will provide additional financial support for companies that formerly operated at the now shut-down Kaesong industrial complex inside North Korea, Seoul s Ministry of Unification said on Friday. The ministry said financial support would total 66 billion won ($59.06 million) for 174 companies that had been affected by the closing of the complex in February last year after South Korea pulled out of the joint venture in response to the North s nuclear and missile tests.  The government created this support plan to boost government responsibility for Kaesong industrial complex companies and firms involved in inter-Korean business that faced unexpected difficulties after sudden government policy changes,  said Vice Unification Minister Chun Hae-sung in a media briefing. The latest tranche of government aid for Kaesong companies comes on top of the 517.3 billion won that has been awarded since the closure of the zone in February last year. Businesses have lodged complaints the government had not done enough to help them after the shutdown. Their frustration grew after North Korea s state-run websites said in October local workers were operating in the district, saying it was exercising its national sovereignty in the area. Seoul at the time said North Korea shouldn t violate property rights of South Korean businesses operating in the zone. On Friday, North Korean website Uriminzokkiri repeated Pyongyang s stance, saying that South Korea had no grounds to protest as the Kaesong territory has long been declared  a military controlled zone . South Korean companies have sought permission from authorities in Seoul to visit the complex, which has not yet been granted. Businesses remain split on whether they will accept the government s latest decision to provide financial aid, Chun said, with some accepting and others seeking more support.  We hope this will be a cause (for businesses) to start anew, that all conflicts (with the South Korean government) over this support issue will be relieved through this round of aid,  said Chun, also stating Friday s decision did not mean inter-Korean business efforts were restarting. ",1
15199,Fiji spending soars to battle climate risks,"(Reuters) - Fiji warned on Friday it faces soaring costs to protect itself from climate change and called on the world to do more to curb carbon emissions to protect poor island nations from the increasing threat of floods and cyclones. In a report done with the World Bank, the South Pacific nation said it is spending almost 10 percent of its gross domestic product to guard against natural disasters, more than quadruple the level of five years ago. The report assessing the country s vulnerability to climate risks was released to coincide with Fiji chairing the COP23 global climate summit taking place in Bonn.  As the President of the COP23 and on behalf of the small island nations ... Fiji is asking the world for drastic action ... so that climate change does not impose a limit to our development,  Fijian Prime minister Voreque Bainimarama said in the report. Fiji is set to spend more than 350 million Fiji dollars ($168 million) this year on relocating villages, building improved bridges and roads and on responding to natural disasters, expected to become more frequent and severe due to climate change.  This is up from just over 50 million Fiji dollars, just over 2 percent of GDP, in 2013, the report said.   With increasing risks to the people and economy of Fiji due to climate change, finding the capacity to respond will only become more challenging,  it said. The risks include rising sea-levels, more floods and landslides, destruction of crops and farm equipment and increases in diseases such as Dengue fever, leptospirosis, and typhoid. The effects of climate change already cost the nation around 5 percent of its GDP every year, with the heaviest impact on the farm sector. Fiji is still reeling from Tropical Cyclone Winston in March 2016, the most powerful storm to make landfall in the southern hemisphere. The storm killed more than 40 people and caused 2 billion Fiji dollars in damage. ($1 = 2.0794 Fiji dollars) ",1
15200,British official urges social media companies to block militant content,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Britain s top internal security official is pressing social media companies to devise automatic systems to spot and block violent militant messaging before it is posted on their networks. Amber Rudd, home secretary in the conservative British government led by Prime Minister Theresa May, told an audience at New America, a Washington think tank, on Thursday night that there was an  online arms race  between militants and the forces of law and order. Rudd said government authorities and companies were already working to ensure that militant messaging promoting violence should be removed from the internet within one or two hours of initial posting. But she said companies should press ahead with development and deployment of artificial intelligence systems that could spot such content before it is posted on the internet and block it from being disseminated. Since the beginning of 2017, violent militant operatives have created 40,000 new internet destinations, Rudd said. She noted that she visited Silicon Valley companies, including Alphabet Inc s Google and YouTube, Facebook Inc and Twitter Inc, earlier this year and called on them to do more to take down or block militant content.  As of 12 months ago, social media companies were taking down about half of the violent militant material from their sites within two hours of its discovery, and lately that proportion has increased to two thirds, she said.  YouTube is now taking down 83 percent of violent militant videos it discovers, Rudd said, adding that UK authorities have  evidence  that the Islamic State militant group was now  struggling  to get some of its materials online. But she said there was  much more  companies can do to use cutting edge technology to spot dangerous content more quickly.  She added that in the wake of an increasing number of vehicle attacks by militants, such as the one at London s Borough Market earlier this year, British security authorities were reviewing rental car regulations and considering ways for authorities to collect more relevant data from car hire companies. ",1
15201,Venezuela government and opposition to resume dialogue effort,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela s government and opposition will resume efforts to hold dialogue, the third attempt in a year by the administration of President Nicolas Maduro and his adversaries to break up a bitter political stalemate. Previous dialogue efforts have ended in recriminations  between the two sides and no concrete progress amid a dire economic crisis that has led to increased malnutrition and preventable diseases.  Opposition leaders said that even though Maduro has previously used the talks to stall for time instead of implementing serious reform, a new round would still be needed to help ensure free and fair presidential elections, which are currently scheduled for 2018.   We have developed relations in Latin America so that in the company of friendly countries and governments, we can facilitate the conditions for a presidential election,  Julio Borges, president of the opposition-led National Assembly, told a news conference.  The opposition in September walked away from dialogue with the ruling Socialist Party, insisting the government had not met demands including the release of imprisoned opposition activists and mechanisms to allow foreign humanitarian assistance. Legislator Luis Florido, spokesman for the opposition in the dialogue process, said the opposition would seek a new elections council and would push for presidential elections. He added that Paraguay, Mexico and Chile would accompany the process. Information Minister Jorge Rodriguez said via Twitter,  the dialogue continues on Nov 15 in the Dominican Republic.  The two sides in September held  exploratory meetings  with the backing of Dominican President Danilo Medina. ",1
15202,France's Macron broaches Lebanon in surprise Saudi visit,"DUBAI/RIYADH (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron held hastily scheduled talks in Riyadh on Thursday with Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman amid rising tensions between Saudi Arabia and Iran, notably over Lebanon and Yemen. Macron, who flew in from a visit to the United Arab Emirates, had earlier declined to discuss a wave of high-level arrests for corruption in Saudi Arabia, but said it was vital to work with the kingdom for the stability of the region. The first face-to-face talks between the two men focused on regional questions, in particular Yemen and Lebanon, and  ensuring the preservation of stability in the region , the French presidency said in a statement after the meeting. Two top Lebanese government officials said on Thursday that Riyadh was holding Lebanon s Saad al-Hariri captive and a third told Reuters that the Saudi authorities had ordered Hariri to resign while he was in Riyadh last weekend, and put him under house arrest. Saudi Arabia has denied that he is under house arrest, but Hariri himself has not denied that his movements are being restricted. France has close ties with Lebanon, a former colony, and with Hariri, who has a home in France after spending several years in the country. Macron said at an earlier news conference in Dubai there had been informal contacts with Hariri, but no request to transfer him to France.   They discussed the situation in Lebanon following the resignation of Prime Minister Hariri,  the French presidency said.  President Macron reiterated the importance France attaches to Lebanon s stability, security, sovereignty and integrity.  The statement made no mention on whether Macron had spoken with or seen Hariri while in Riyadh. In recent years, France has been able to nurture new links with the Sunni-ruled Gulf Arab states due to its tough stance on Iran in nuclear negotiations, and the broad similarity of their policies on conflicts across the Middle East. However, the 32-year-old Saudi crown prince has emphasized closer ties with U.S. President Donald Trump at a time when Macron has in turn sought to improve relations with Iran, Saudi Arabia s Shi ite rival for regional influence. Macron has said he will travel to Iran in 2018, potentially becoming the first French president to travel there since 1971.  In Yemen, the Saudi-led military coalition fighting the Houthi movement said on Monday it had closed all air, land and sea ports to stem the flow of arms to the Houthis from Iran. The United Nations said the move risked causing  the largest famine the world has seen for many decades, with millions of victims . The French presidency said Macron underlined his concerns regarding the humanitarian situation. On Iran, Macron repeated earlier in Dubai that he wanted to keep the landmark 2015 nuclear deal, which Trump has challenged.  But he said he was  very concerned  by Iran s ballistic missile program, mentioning a missile fired from Yemen and intercepted by Saudi Arabia on Saturday, and raised the prospect of possible sanctions with regard to those activities.  There are extremely strong concerns about Iran. There are negotiations we need to start on Iran s ballistic missiles,  he said.  Like what was done in 2015 for the nuclear activities, it s necessary to put a framework in place for Iran s ballistic activities and open a process, with sanctions if needed, of negotiation that would enable (that).  Iran has denied providing ballistic missiles to Yemeni Houthi rebels and says its missile program is purely defensive and should not be linked to the nuclear deal. Macron reaffirmed his intention to go to Iran as part of efforts to talk to all the actors in the region, but warned about decisions that could destabilize the region further.   We need to have a truthful dialogue,  he said.  It s not about showing any naivety toward Iran, it is about standing beside our allies, in particular the United Arab Emirates, but it is also about not having a diehard policy that could create imbalances or even conflicts in the region.  ",1
15203,Spanish Supreme Court frees Catalan parliament speaker on bail,"MADRID (Reuters) - A Spanish judge on Thursday freed on bail the Catalan parliament s speaker and four lawmakers while authorities continue to investigate their roles in Catalonia s banned independence drive. The Supreme Court had summoned them to answer charges of rebellion after they enabled an Oct. 27 declaration of independence that prompted the Spanish government to dissolve the Catalan parliament and sack the regional administration. Speaker Carme Forcadell will be transferred to the Alcala Meco prison outside Madrid and kept there until she pays 150,000-euro bail, court sources said. The four lawmakers must pay bail of 25,000 euros while a fifth was released without bail. Judge Pablo Llarena wrote in Thursday s ruling:  All the accused ... have expressed that either they renounce future political activity or, those that remain active, will in future renounce any actions outside the constitutional framework.  The judge s decision to reject prosecutors  requests to jail them gives the separatists, whose leader Carles Puigdemont went into self-imposed exile in Belgium last week, some breathing space as lower courts have been steadily tightening the legal noose. Eight former members of the Catalan government and the leaders of the two main pro-independence grassroots groups remain in custody awaiting trial at the High Court on charges of rebellion and sedition. On Thursday, the High Court rejected an appeal presented by their lawyers for their release, a court spokeswoman said. The High Court last week issued an arrest warrant on rebellion charges for Puigdemont, the former regional government president, and four former members of his cabinet who are with him in Brussels. After the ruling, Puigdemont tweeted:  Carme Forcadell will spend the night in prison for allowing a democratic debate. For allowing speaking and voting! That s Spanish democracy for you.  The Catalan independence push has deeply divided Spain, dragging it into its worst political crisis since the return of democracy four decades ago and fuelling anti-Spanish sentiment in Catalonia and nationalist tendencies elsewhere. The struggle has also divided Catalonia itself, and cracks have begun appearing within the pro-independence movement. On Tuesday, Puigdemont s PDeCAT party failed to agree on a united ticket to contest a regional election with another secessionist party, making it difficult for the pro-independence camp to govern Catalonia after the vote and press ahead with its bid to split from Spain. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy called the election following the independence declaration, which the Constitutional Court ruled was against the constitution. Forcadell earlier told the Supreme Court that the declaration was not legally binding, according to court sources, in a comment that could undermine the secessionist push. At the time she described Rajoy s actions as a  coup  and an  attack against democracy . The Supreme Court on Thursday took a softer tone than the High Court did in its own ruling that jailed the former government members.  Citizens supporting an idea of independence is legitimate,  Judge Llarena wrote. But, he added:  It can be excluded that the accused aspired to gain independence through legal means.  The Supreme Court decided on Thursday to take over two other cases against Forcadell and the lawmakers currently overseen by a Catalan court, suggesting its judges were looking to centralize all legal proceedings involving the independence vote under one roof. The Supreme Court, which handles cases against defendants with parliamentary immunity, has legal powers to also take over the Spanish High Court case involving the government members but so far has made no statement on its intentions. ",1
15204,"Zimbabwe renames main airport after Mugabe, plans $153 million upgrade","HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe will upgrade its main airport at a cost of $153 million in an effort to attract more visitors, state media reported on Thursday, as authorities renamed the airport in honor of 93-year-old President Robert Mugabe. Harare International Airport will from Thursday be known as Robert Mugabe International Airport and is expected to undergo an upgrade so that it can handle 6.5 million passengers a year, more than double its current capacity. State-owned Herald newspaper reported that China Export and Import Bank will provide a $153 million loan that will, among other things, be used to expand the runway to allow multiple planes to land at the same time. Accepting the honor, Mugabe said renaming the airport was  a great gesture  to him and his family. In the last few months, Mugabe s vocal ruling ZANU-PF youth wing has been pushing the government to honor Mugabe by giving public institutions his name. The government has said from next year the veteran ruler s  Feb. 21 birthday will be known as Robert Mugabe National Youth Day, a public holiday. On Aug 9. the cash-strapped government announced plans to build a $1 billion university named after Mugabe, a move that was criticized by the opposition as a waste of resources. Mugabe is the only leader that Zimbabwe has known since independence from Britain in 1980 and despite his advanced age, he remains the most influential political figure in the country. ",1
15205,Saudi graft inquiry spreads beyond borders as UAE examines bank accounts,"ABU DHABI/DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia s crackdown on corruption has spread beyond its borders as regulators in the United Arab Emirates ask UAE banks for information about Saudi citizens detained in the investigation, a possible prelude to freezing their accounts. The UAE central bank has requested commercial banks and finance companies in the UAE to provide details of the accounts of 19 Saudis, commercial bankers told Reuters on Thursday, declining to be named because of the sensitivity of the matter. Almost all of the 19, including billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal and former National Guard chief Prince Miteb bin Abdullah, are known to be among dozens of senior officials and businessmen detained in the corruption inquiry. Commercial bankers said UAE authorities had not explained why they wanted the information, but believed the authorities were acting at the behest of the Saudi government, which has said it aims to recover billions of dollars of illicit assets identified in its investigation. Central bank officials in the UAE, a federation of seven emirates, were not available to comment, and Saudi officials in Riyadh, who have frozen over 1,700 domestic bank accounts as part of the crackdown, did not respond to requests for comment. The UAE, particularly its most commercially prominent emirate Dubai, is one of the main places where wealthy Saudis park their money abroad. In addition to bank accounts, they buy luxury apartments and villas in Dubai and invest in the emirate s volatile stock market. Huge amounts of money may be at stake. Corruption has over the years siphoned off $800 billion from Saudi state revenues, an official at the Riyadh Chamber of Commerce and Industry has estimated; bankers believe much of it is held abroad, in countries including Switzerland and Britain. Some wealthy Saudi individuals have been liquidating assets within Saudi Arabia, the UAE and other Gulf countries this week, apparently in an effort to move money out of the region and escape the crackdown, private bankers and fund managers said. In Riyadh, rich individual investors have been selling equities heavily, although buying by state-linked funds has helped to support the market. In Dubai, shares in real estate developers have sunk as investors worry about the impact on the property market of a pull-out by Saudis. The UAE commercial bankers said they had not been asked to freeze the Saudi accounts at their institutions, but they believed the central bank s request for information might be a prelude to such action. The risk of the accounts being frozen  jeopardizes Dubai s pitch as a private banking center , said a Gulf-based banker, adding:  Banks in the UAE are full of Saudi money.  One senior banker at an international bank with business in Saudi Arabia said his institution had already frozen some accounts, both inside the kingdom and outside it, in response to Saudi government requests.  The bank is conducting its own investigations into accounts linked to people who have been detained, the banker said without elaborating.  Another banker in the region said his institution was receiving more enquiries from Saudi clients about cross-border financial transactions, but it was handling the enquiries with extreme caution as there could be further action by regulators. The risk of fund outflows from the region has helped to push the currencies of Gulf Arab countries down slightly against the U.S. dollar in the forwards market this week. The Saudi riyal dropped as low as 285 points in the one-year forwards market on Thursday - implying riyal depreciation of about 0.8 percent against the dollar in the next 12 months - from around 115 points before the crackdown. However, it remains much stronger than it was last year, when it hit levels around 1,000 points because of worries about Saudi Arabia s ability to cope with an era of low oil prices. ",1
15206,Tillerson speaks to Saudi counterpart about arrests in kingdom: State Department,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has spoken to Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir about the situation in Saudi Arabia, a U.S. State Department spokeswoman said on Thursday, where a crackdown on corruption has led to dozens of arrests.  State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert also said the U.S. charge d affaires in Riyadh met on Wednesday with Saad al-Hariri, who resigned as Lebanese prime minister while in Saudi Arabia. Asked about reports Hariri was being held in the kingdom, Nauert declined to say where the meeting took place or to elaborate on Hariri s status. She described the talks as  sensitive, private, diplomatic conversations.  In his conversation on Tuesday with Jubeir, Nauert said, Tillerson urged that the Saudi government conduct any corruption prosecutions  in a fair and transparent manner.  Saudi authorities have arrested dozens of royal family members, officials and businessmen in the anti-corruption crackdown that began on Saturday. They face charges ranging from money-laundering to extortion. The line between public funds and royal money is not always clear in Saudi Arabia, an absolute monarchy ruled by an Islamic system in which most law is not systematically codified and no elected parliament exists. The Trump administration has endorsed the purge, cementing a dramatic strengthening in the relationship under U.S. President Donald Trump that in part has been driven by both governments  determination to confront Iran s growing regional power. Many experts see the crackdown as a move by Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman, who heads a new anti-corruption body, to amass more power to enact political, economic and social reforms and to ensure that he succeeds his father, King Salman. ",1
15207,"Exclusive: Lebanon believes Saudi holds Hariri, demands his return","BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon believes Saad al-Hariri is being held in Saudi Arabia, from where he resigned as Lebanese prime minister, two top government officials in Beirut said, amid a deepening crisis pushing Lebanon onto the frontlines of a power struggle between Saudi Arabia and Iran. A third source, a senior politician close to Saudi-allied Hariri, said Saudi Arabia had ordered him to resign and put him under house arrest. A fourth source familiar with the situation said Saudi Arabia was controlling and limiting his movement. In a televised statement indicating deep concern at Hariri s situation, his Future Movement political party said his return home was necessary to uphold the Lebanese system, describing him as prime minister and a national leader.           Hariri s resignation last Saturday, read out on television from Saudi Arabia, came as a shock even to his aides and further embroiled Beirut in a regional contest between Riyadh and Tehran. Hariri s exit fueled wide speculation that the Sunni Muslim politician, long an ally of Riyadh, was coerced into stepping down by Saudi Arabia as it seeks to hit back against Iran and its Lebanese Shi ite ally, Hezbollah. In his resignation speech, Hariri denounced Iran and Hezbollah for sowing strife in Arab states and said he feared assassination. His father, a former prime minister, was killed by a bomb in 2005.     Saudi Arabia has denied reports he is under house arrest. But Hariri has issued no statements himself to that effect, and has not denied that his movements are being restricted.       Keeping Hariri with restricted freedom in Riyadh is an attack on Lebanese sovereignty. Our dignity is his dignity. We will work with (foreign) states to return him to Beirut,  said the senior Lebanese official, speaking on condition of anonymity because the government had yet to declare that position. Saudi Arabia says Hariri resigned because Hezbollah, which was included in Hariri s coalition government, had  hijacked  Lebanon s political system. Hariri aides had until Thursday denied he was under house arrest but took a dramatically different tone after a meeting of the Future Movement convened at Hariri s Beirut residence on Thursday. A statement read by former Prime Minister Fouad Siniora said his return was  necessary to recover respect for Lebanon s internal and external balance, and in the framework of full respect for Lebanese legitimacy . Hariri s aunt, Bahia, sat next to Siniora as he read the statement. The party stood behind his leadership, it said. Hariri came to office last year in a political deal that made the Hezbollah-allied Christian politician Michel Aoun head of state and produced a coalition government grouping most Lebanese parties including Hezbollah. Saudi Arabia blessed the government at the time, but has been fiercely critical of the Hariri-led government since he stepped down, saying it failed to act against Hezbollah, whose guerrilla army is far more powerful than the weak state. Saudi Arabia had wanted Hariri to take a tougher stance toward Hezbollah, and he failed to do so, the fourth source said.  He was functioning as if it is business as usual, so the Saudis had to accelerate the process and to force a resignation.  Saudi Arabia this week lumped Lebanon together with Hezbollah as parties that are hostile to it, breaking with a long-established policy that has drawn a line between them and raising concerns of further Saudi measures. Hariri flew to Saudi Arabia last Friday. The top Lebanese government official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said:  Lebanon is heading toward asking foreign and Arab states to put pressure on Saudi Arabia to release Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri.  The official said Hariri was still Lebanon s prime minister, echoing other Lebanese government officials who say his resignation had not been received by Aoun, and his government therefore remained in place.     The resignation of Hariri, a business tycoon whose family made its fortune in Saudi Arabia, happened at the same time as a wave of arrests of Saudi princes and businessmen accused of corruption by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. The senior Lebanese politician close to Hariri said:  When he went (to Saudi Arabia) he was asked to stay there and ordered to resign. They ordered him to read his resignation statement and he has been held under house arrest since.  Two U.S. officials said the Saudis, led by Crown Prince Mohammed, had  encouraged  Hariri to leave office. The fourth source said:  He is under controlled movement by the Saudis, limited movement.  Hezbollah s parliamentary bloc said Saudi Arabia must halt its interference in Lebanese affairs.     He made a one-day flying visit to the United Arab Emirates, a close Saudi ally, earlier this week before returning to Saudi Arabia. Hariri s office said in a statement he had received the French ambassador to Saudi Arabia at his Riyadh residence on Thursday. He had also met the head of the EU mission to Saudi Arabia on Wednesday, and on Tuesday the British ambassador and the U.S. charge d affaires. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert confirmed U.S. Charge d Affaires Chris Henzel met with Hariri. Asked about reports Hariri was being held in Saudi Arabia, Nauert declined to elaborate on his status or what was discussed, calling the talks  sensitive, private, diplomatic conversations.  Nauert indicated the United States would not treat the Lebanese government any differently as a result of the  uncertainty over Hariri. Saudi Arabia warned its citizens on Thursday against travel to Lebanon and said those already there should leave. It has issued similar advice about Lebanon to its citizens before.  Lebanon s Maronite patriarch will visit Saudi Arabia next week and has received  a positive response  from Saudi officials over the possibility of seeing Hariri, his spokesman said. Patriarch Beshara al-Rai s visit  had been decided on a long time ago. In light of the developments, his mission has become national,  Walid Ghayyad said. The patriarch will take a message to the kingdom that  Lebanon cannot handle conflict.  ",1
15208,Virginia heavy metal band strikes chord with Catalonia anthem,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A tiny basement in a house in suburban Washington, D.C. reverberates with music from the Spanish region of Catalonia. A heavy metal rendition of the Catalonian national anthem  Els Segadors,  or  The Reapers  has turned a virtually unknown Virginia-based band, A Sound of Thunder, into celebrities in the politically sensitive region in northeastern Spain. Within days of its release, the song racked up more than a million hits on YouTube, making it the band s most popular single since they started in 2008.  Thousands of Catalonians voted for independence from Spain during a banned referendum in October that ended in violence and spurred a constitutional crisis in the euro zone s fourth-biggest economy.  Back in Manassas, Virginia, Nina Osegueda, the band s lead singer, made a quick decision to release a video of the band s version of  Els Segadors  on Youtube. Osegueda, whose mother is Catalan, has strong ties to the region and originally recorded the anthem as a tribute to her mother. The song was never intended to be released as a single, but instead was part of the band s new full-length album,  It Was Metal,  to be released in March 2018. The violence that surrounded the referendum vote changed all that.  We have a couple other singles that we were planning on releasing in advance to show people what the new album is going to sound like,  she said.  But then the vote happened and 800 people were injured by the police trying to vote. So I said we should try and just put the song out to show our support against police brutality.   Suddenly it was spreading all over the place... And then I noticed that someone shared us on Twitter and it wound up actually being a Catalan politician,  Osegueda said. Music stations in Catalonia picked up the song and Osegueda was interviewed on several radio shows. The attention she has received has spread to her relatives as her Catalonian uncle was interviewed on local radio.  On the band s YouTube page, fans have left messages saying they prefer the metal version to the original and many have said the song has struck an emotional chord.  Osegueda recorded some parts of the song in Catalan. She doesn t speak the language and singing with proper pronunciation was intimidating, but she says the enthusiasm and support from her new found fans has been humbling.  I think the biggest emotional response we ve gotten has been,  it brought me to tears which is not normal for a heavy metal song . So for us that was like a big deal,  Osegueda said.  You know, we re not on a label. We do everything ourselves. So when we see this many people responding it s like it s overwhelming.  The band, whose albums have been crowdfunded through various Kickstarter campaigns, will tour Catalonia for the first time in December, just days before regional elections on Dec. 21. They have shows planned in Barcelona, Tarragona and other Catalonian cities.  For Osegueda, who has traveled to Catalonia a number of times, the upcoming visit feels different.  I ve always enjoyed going there on vacation. But now it s a lot deeper because there s so many people out there who saw our song as inspiration. So I feel like I definitely have a deeper connection now,  she said. ",1
15209,Argentina says Russia wants more Argentine food products,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - A Russian official expressed interest in Argentina providing more food products to Russia, Argentina s foreign ministry said in a statement hours after the United States imposed steep anti-subsidy duties on Argentine biodiesel, a key export. Argentina s Secretary of International Economic Affairs Horacio Reyser met with Sergey Dankvert, head of Russian agriculture watchdog Rosselkhoznadzor, earlier on Thursday. ",1
15210,East Congo militiamen go on trial for raping children,"GOMA, Democratic Republic of Congo (Reuters) - Eighteen people, including a provincial lawmaker, went on trial in eastern Congo on Thursday for the rapes of dozens of children, victims  rights activists said. At least 46 children, some as young as 18 months, were raped near the village of Kavumu between 2013 and 2016, sparking an international outcry and criticism of Democratic Republic of Congo s government for its slow response. In June last year, authorities arrested Frederic Batumike, a deputy from South Kivu province, and members of a militia he is alleged to have led. Rights groups hope the trial, which is expected to last several weeks, will strike a blow against impunity in Congo, where they say government forces and militia groups in the lawless eastern borderland have long used rape as a weapon of war. The trial opened in a military court in Kavumu on Thursday with the defendants facing charges of rape, murder and organization of an armed group, Jean Chrysostome Kijana, an activist representing the victims, told Reuters.  Proceedings began 10 hours late and lasted just 20 minutes, during which the defendants  names were read aloud.   The start of the trial is a strong signal in the fight against impunity,  said Kijana. However, he added that the delay to proceedings did raise fears that the trial could end up just being  yet another in a long list of botched trials . Millions died in eastern Congo in regional wars between 1996 and 2003, most from hunger and disease. Dozens of armed groups continue to prey on local populations and exploit the area s rich natural resources. Experts say Congo has made some progress in combating sexual violence and several high-level militia and army commanders have been successfully prosecuted in recent years, but the problem remains pervasive. According to the government, Batumike s militia employed a spiritual adviser who told its fighters that raping very young children would confer supernatural protection. Advocacy groups involved in the case say it has been particularly difficult to investigate because the victims are so young and their families were often asleep when the alleged rapes occurred. ",1
15211,Pence voices U.S. concern to Turkish prime minister about arrests,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Mike Pence expressed  deep concern  to Turkey s prime minister on Thursday about the arrests of American citizens and local staff of U.S. missions in Turkey, the White House said. The matters raised by Pence are some of the issues that have created tension between the two NATO allies in recent months, along with a dispute over a Turkish cleric living in the United States whom Ankara accuses of orchestrating a failed military coup in Turkey last year. In a White House meeting with Prime Minister Binali Yildirim, Pence voiced  deep concern over the arrests of American citizens, Mission Turkey local staff, journalists, and members of civil society under the state of emergency and urged transparency and due process in the resolution of their cases,  the White House said in a statement. In May, a translator at the U.S. consulate in the province of Adana in southern Turkey was arrested. More recently, a U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration worker was detained in Istanbul. Both are accused of links to last year s coup attempt. The U.S. embassy has said the accusations are baseless. Before leaving for the United States, Yildirim had said Turkey s demand for the United States to hand over cleric Fethullah Gulen, who has lived in Pennsylvania since 1999, would be discussed during his visit. U.S. officials have said courts require sufficient evidence to order Gulen s extradition. Another issue to be raised, Yildirim had said, was the fate of some Turkish citizens arrested in the United States - a reference to a wealthy gold trader who was arrested over Iran sanctions evasion last year and an executive at a state-owned bank arrested this year. The White House statement made no mention of any discussions about either subject. It said the two officials  expressed hope that their meeting would help to usher in a new chapter in U.S.-Turkey relations and agreed on the need for constructive dialogue, as friends and allies, on bilateral challenges.  Pence reaffirmed the  enduring strategic partnership  between the two countries and stressed the U.S. commitment to stand with Turkey against the militant Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK)  and other terrorist threats.  The United States partially resumed issuing visas in Turkey on Monday after getting what it said were assurances about the safety of staff at its missions following a number of detentions. Turkey said it would relax a visa ban of its own. ",1
15212,UK's May picks Brexiteer to replace scandal-hit aid minister,"LONDON (Reuters) - Theresa May appointed a strong Brexit supporter as aid minister on Thursday following a resignation that left the British prime minister struggling to ward off open conflict in a cabinet divided over leaving the European Union. May is grappling with crises on several fronts. Her team is struggling to make headway in exit talks with the EU, several ministers are embroiled in a wider sexual harassment scandal and her ability to command a majority in parliament is facing its most serious test.  Penny Mordaunt, 44, who has previously held junior ministerial roles, had a short meeting with May at Downing Street during which her appointment as the new International Development Secretary was confirmed. Fellow Brexit supporter Priti Patel resigned from the position on Wednesday over undisclosed meetings with Israeli officials that breached diplomatic protocol. Patel s resignation forced May into her second cabinet reshuffle in a week after Michael Fallon resigned as defense secretary in the sexual harassment scandal. Two other ministers, including May s deputy, are also being investigated.  Although May and her cabinet are united in their intention to take Britain out of the EU, her ministerial team is seen as a delicate balancing act between lawmakers who are still identified as  remainers  or  leavers  according to how they voted in the referendum.  Leaving aside Penny Mordaunt s qualifications for the job, the main one is obviously that she s a Brexiteer. It doesn t seem now that any appointment can be made in this government other than on the basis of whether that person supported  leave  or  remain ,  said Tim Bale, a politics professor at Queen Mary University of London.  That is indicative of the difficult position that Theresa May is in and you ve got to ask whether that is good for the country.  Mordaunt campaigned for the  Vote Leave  group during the EU referendum, and was criticized by then-prime minister David Cameron for inaccurately saying that Britain would not be able to stop Turkey from joining the EU if it remained a member. All EU states have veto powers on new members. The former junior defense minister was elected in 2010 to represent the southern English coastal city of Portsmouth, where she also serves as a volunteer reservist for the Royal Navy.  In the early 1990s she worked in hospitals and orphanages in Romania, and recently spoke about the  medieval  conditions she witnessed there. Until Thursday s appointment, Mordaunt held a junior ministerial post with responsibilities for disabled people, health and work within the Department of Work and Pensions. The instability in May s top team adds to what is already a difficult political situation.  An ill-judged snap election in June cost her party its majority in parliament and has sapped her authority at a time when she is trying to heal deep divisions within her own party and negotiate Britain s departure from the EU. The European Parliament s Brexit negotiator doused hopes that those negotiations were nearing a breakthrough, saying   major issues  must still be resolved on safeguarding citizens  rights. A fresh round of negotiations between Britain and the European Commission began on Thursday. Progress in Brussels is vital to help May keep onside nervous businesses who say they urgently need to know what will happen when Britain leaves the bloc; otherwise they will be forced to start triggering contingency plans. On Wednesday, EU envoys discussed delaying the launch of talks with London on a post-Brexit relationship to next year. Sixteen months after Britain narrowly voted to leave the EU in a referendum, opinions are still split over Brexit at every level from voter to minister. In replacing Patel, an outspoken leaver, with another Brexiteer, May looked to maintain her senior team s balance. The promotion of a junior minister could also help placate younger members of the party, many of whom are angry at her mishandling of the snap election campaign and feel they should be given a chance to regenerate the party s support. Failure to satisfy the party is seen as a risk to May s future as leader. She is reliant on uniting all her lawmakers to pass legislation, including the laws needed to enact Brexit which will be up for debate in parliament next week. If she is unable to prove her ability to pass legislation and govern effectively, the Conservative party - historically intolerant of weakened leaders - could seek to replace her, although there are currently no clear candidates to do so. ",1
15213,Spanish court orders release on bail for Catalan parliament speaker: court source,"MADRID (Reuters) - A Spanish Supreme Court judge on Thursday ordered the Catalan parliament speaker be released on bail of 150,000 euros ($174,615) pending an investigation into her role in Catalonia s banned push for independence, a court source said. The speaker, Carme Forcadell, will be held in custody until she pays the bail, the source said. Forcadell and five regional lawmakers testified on Thursday on charges of sedition, rebellion and misuse of public funds. Four other lawmakers would also be released on 25,000-euro bail, while a fifth would be freed on certain conditions without bail, the source said. Spain s prosecutor had previously requested jail for Forcadell and three lawmakers summoned to the Supreme Court and the release of two others on certain conditions.  ",1
15214,Spanish court orders release on bail for Catalan parliament speaker: El Pais,"MADRID (Reuters) - A Spanish Supreme Court judge on Thursday ordered the Catalan parliament speaker be released on bail of 150,000 euros  ($174,615) pending an investigation into her role in Catalonia s banned push for independence, El Pais newspaper reported. A court spokeswoman declined to comment. The speaker, Carme Forcadell, and five regional lawmakers testified on Thursday on charges of sedition, rebellion and misuse of public funds. Spain s prosecutor had previously requested jail for Forcadell and three lawmakers summoned to the Supreme Court and the release of two others on certain conditions. ",1
15215,Saudi Arabia faces battle to repatriate assets after corruption crackdown,"DUBAI/ZURICH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia has announced it will confiscate money and assets held by dozens of top officials and businessmen detained in an anti-corruption crackdown. But the experiences of two other Arab states trying to  recover stolen money, Egypt and Tunisia, suggest Riyadh may face years of legal and diplomatic battles to secure assets held abroad. Even then success is not guaranteed. The anti-corruption committee that detained princes, tycoons and ministers at the weekend has the power under a royal decree to take  whatever measures are deemed necessary  to seize companies, funds and other assets without waiting for the results of criminal investigations. The offshore scrutiny of assets has already begun in the Gulf region, where Saudi Arabia regularly shares information. The United Arab Emirates  central bank and securities regulator has asked banks and finance companies there to provide information on the accounts of 19 Saudi citizens, banking sources told Reuters on Thursday. The Saudi committee has not given details of the allegations individuals face, though Saudi officials say they include money laundering, bribery, extortion and taking advantage of public office for personal gain.  Riyadh has also set no timetable for its confiscations, although banking sources say more than 1,700 domestic bank accounts have already been frozen at the request of the central bank. If the committee were to try to retrieve all the revenue that has been lost to corruption, from bribes to illegal expropriation of land, the total would be $800 billion, an official at the Riyadh Chamber of Commerce and Industry has estimated. A large amount of the funds are believed by financial sources to be held offshore in bank accounts, portfolio investments, corporate shareholdings and real estate. Many of the businessmen detained have private planes   one has a Boeing 747 airliner. And a study by the U.S. National Bureau of Economic Research estimated Saudis have stashed away wealth equivalent to over 55 percent of the country s gross domestic product in foreign tax havens   an amount exceeding $300 billion. But Egypt and Tunisia s experiences show that although asset freezes can be arranged within months, repatriating the money can take many years. Cairo has tried unsuccessfully for five years to retrieve about 85 million pounds ($111 million)in British bank accounts belonging to the inner circle of former President Hosni Mubarak.  British officials have said they are bound by British law, which requires the Egyptians to provide them with criminal convictions first. Tunisia has so far recovered only a small portion of about $35 million claimed from Switzerland following the 2011 revolution that inspired the Arab Spring uprising. Saudi Prince Alwaleed's investment: tmsnrt.rs/2j5fE04 There are some precedents that could give Saudi Arabia cause for hope that it will be able to repatriate money.  Last year, Nigeria and Switzerland signed a deal paving the way for the return of over $300 million confiscated from the family of Nigeria s former military ruler Sani Abacha. Requests from Egypt, Tunisia, Libya and Syria have led to nearly 1 billion Swiss francs ($1 billion) of assets being frozen by Swiss authorities. But the efforts of Egypt and Tunisia to retrieve the money have stumbled over a requirement to submit evidence that would be admissible in Western legal systems, proving the beneficial owners of the assets and showing that corruption has taken place. Often assets are held in complex offshore vehicles making it hard to show who really owns them. Carlo Lombardini, a banking lawyer and professor of banking law at University of Lausanne, said Riyadh would have to provide detailed evidence proving how the money was obtained to seize assets in Switzerland on the grounds of corruption.  And then there is an issue whether this person in Saudi Arabia can defend themselves, and whether they benefit from a proper defense,  he said.  Saudi officials would have to satisfy Swiss authorities that owners of assets had been given due process. This could be difficult given the speed and the scale of the crackdown, and the sweeping powers given to the anti-corruption committee. The Saudi attorney-general said on Monday that detailed questioning of detainees had already produced  a great deal of evidence , but gave no more details. Senior Saudi officials did not respond to requests for information on the investigation. A Gulf-based lawyer familiar with international corruption cases said there were two channels through which Saudi Arabia could pursue assets abroad. In cases where Riyadh had a signed a treaty or convention with a foreign country, it could use this to obtain assistance gathering evidence before seeking to seize assets via the court system. However, Saudi Arabia does not have such a treaty with the United States, Switzerland and many other countries. Saudi Arabia could also send a letter of request to a relevant ministry in the other nation. This would be a test of its diplomatic influence in foreign capitals. Businessmen in detention include international investor Prince Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, whose wealth was estimated by Forbes magazine before the crackdown at $17 billion; Mohammad al-Amoudi at $10.4 billion, with construction, agriculture and energy companies in Sweden, Saudi Arabia and Ethiopia; and finance and healthcare magnate Saleh Kamel at $2.3 billion. Repatriating assets could be so hard that Riyadh may try to avoid foreign legal action altogether in many cases, instead making deals with detained tycoons and princes that in effect legalize their fortunes in exchange for a share of their money, some bankers and consultants say.   The government will also strike deals with businessmen and royals to avoid arrest, but only as part of a greater commitment to the local economy,  said Ayham Kamel, Eurasia Group s practice head, Middle East & North Africa in a note.  Saudi wealth stored abroad: tmsnrt.rs/2znHlrL ",1
15216,East Libyan forces make new push to end Islamist resistance in Benghazi,"BENGHAZI, Libya (Reuters) - Eastern Libyan forces on Thursday expelled Islamist fighters from one of their last strongholds in the country s second-largest city of Benghazi, military officials said. The battle for Benghazi between the Libyan National Army led by Khalifa Haftar and an array of Islamist militants and other fighters has been part of a broader conflict since Libya slipped into turmoil following the 2011 fall of strongman Muammar Gaddafi. Several Islamists and one soldier were killed when special forces moved into the Khreibish district, one of the remaining pockets of resistance after Haftar declared victory in the battle for in Benghazi in July. Ten soldiers were wounded. Commander Wanis Bukhamada told Reuters on Thursday evening his special forces controlled almost the entire district after a day of heavy fighting.  Tonight will be the last night for Daesh in Khreibish,  he said, using a derogatory name for Islamic State. Haftar launched his  Operation Dignity  campaign in May 2014, slowly gaining the upper hand against Islamist militants and former rebels who fought Gaddafi in the 2011 uprising. Haftar is aligned with a government and parliament in eastern Libya. He has rejected a U.N.-backed government based in the capital, Tripoli, as he has gradually strengthened his position on the ground. ",1
15217,Gulf states advise citizens against traveling to Lebanon,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Three Gulf states advised their citizens against traveling to Lebanon on Thursday and asked those already there to leave as soon as possible, amid rising tensions between Saudi Arabia and Iran over Lebanon and Yemen. The official Saudi Press Agency, citing an official Foreign Ministry source, said the kingdom was asking citizens who were visiting or residing in Lebanon to leave as soon as possible.  Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates also warned nationals against travel to Lebanon via official news agencies later in the day. Bahrain had urged its citizens to leave Lebanon on Sunday. Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri resigned on Saturday while in Saudi Arabia, accusing Iran and the Lebanese Shi ite group Hezbollah of sowing strife in Arab states and saying he feared assassination. On Thursday, two top Lebanese government officials accused Riyadh of holding Hariri captive. A third told Reuters that the Saudi authorities had ordered Hariri to resign and had put him under house arrest. Saudi Arabia and members of Hariri s Future Movement have denied reports that he is under house arrest. The Saudi minister for Gulf affairs has accused Lebanon of declaring war against the kingdom, and alleged that the Lebanese Shi ite group Hezbollah was involved in firing a missile at Saudi Arabia from Yemen on Saturday. Hezbollah s parliamentary bloc called on Saudi Arabia on Thursday to stop interfering in Lebanese affairs.  French President Emmanuel Macron announced that he would make a previously unscheduled trip to Saudi Arabia on Thursday to see Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman and discuss  regional questions, in particular Yemen and Lebanon . ",1
15218,South Africa's Dlamini-Zuma says business endorsement not a priority in ANC race,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South African politician Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma said on Thursday it was fine if the country s white business community declined to endorse her bid to succeed President Jacob Zuma as leader of the African National Congress (ANC). Her priority was to transfer wealth from the white minority to the black majority, who are generally much poorer. Those who opposed the policy were mainly white people or members of the black elite who want to preserve the status quo, she said.  If we have to choose between our people having a better life and investment, that s not a choice,  she said, when asked about whether her policies could scare away businesses.  I m not afraid. I m not afraid of them. But I m not surprised white minority capital is not endorsing me,  she said on ANN7 television in a rare interview. ANC delegates will vote for a new party president next month, with Dlamini-Zuma expected to face Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa, a unionist-turned-millionaire businessman who is more popular with foreign investors.  From where I sit, it s looking good. The campaign is going well,  said Dlamini-Zuma, who was married to the president.  The winner of the party vote will be favorite to become the next president of South Africa, either at an election in 2019, or before if Zuma stands down or is forced out by the new ANC leadership next year. Apartheid in South Africa ended in 1994 but much of the country s wealth resides with the white minority. Successive ANC governments have said they want to empower the majority, though many black people have seen only modest economic gains. Dlamini-Zuma, who has held several cabinet posts and was most recently chair of the African Union, has pledged to tackle poverty and close the gaping racial inequality gap. Some investors are concerned about Dlamini-Zuma s proposed plan of  radical economic transformation , which critics have said is a populist term that isn t backed up by solid policies. ",1
15219,France sold two military ships to United Arab Emirates: Macron,"DUBAI (Reuters) - France sold two Gowind-class corvettes of state-owned shipbuilder Naval Group to the United Arab Emirates, President Emmanuel Macron told a new conference on Thursday. The deal also includes an option for two more vessels, the French presidency said in a statement. The president s office did not disclose financial details. French arms sales to the Gulf Arab region have surged in recent years as Paris has nurtured new links with Sunni Arab states, which appreciate its tough stance on their Shi ite rival Iran and similar positions on the region s conflicts. ",1
15220,"Lebanon ex-PM meets French, UK, EU, U.S. diplomats in Riyadh: PM's office","BEIRUT (Reuters) - Saad al-Hariri, who resigned as Lebanon s prime minister last weekend, met the French ambassador to Saudi Arabia in Riyadh on Thursday, Hariri s office said in a statement. Hariri, who quit in a video broadcast from Saudi Arabia on Saturday but has not yet returned to Lebanon, also met diplomats from the European Union, Britain and United States in the past two days.  ",1
15221,Hezbollah calls on Saudi Arabia to cease interfering in Lebanon: statement,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Hezbollah s parliamentary bloc called on Saudi Arabia on Thursday to stop interfering in Lebanese affairs after Lebanon s prime minister quit in a weekend broadcast from the kingdom. Hezbollah MP Hassan Fadlallah said the bloc supports the approach of Lebanon s president, who has refused to decide on whether to accept the shock resignation until Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri returns home.  ",1
15222,FM Bassil says Lebanese 'decide who represents us',"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s foreign minister said on Thursday that the Lebanese people choose whether to remove their representatives, after the prime minister quit in a weekend broadcast from Saudi Arabia.   We are the ones who decided who represents us, and we are the ones who decide to remove them or not,  Gebran Bassil said in a tweet.  Lebanon believes Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri is being held by Riyadh and plans to work with foreign states to secure his return, a top Lebanese government official said earlier. ",1
15223,Battle for Rome's beachfront turns bloody with assault on journalist," (Please note: profanity in sixth paragraph) By Isla Binnie ROME (Reuters) - A bloody attack on a journalist has prompted outrage in Italy and put the spotlight on suspected links between extreme right-wing politicians and organized crime in a notoriously unruly seaside suburb of Rome. A local vote last Sunday in Ostia sent the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement and a center-right coalition to the second-round runoff, but also showed a sharp increase in support for neo-fascist group CasaPound. The vote is being closely watched as it is the first since the local government was dissolved two years ago by police, who said city hall - responsible for assigning lucrative beach concessions - had fallen under the influence of organized crime.  Ahead of the Nov. 19 run-off, reporters from state TV RAI went to interview Roberto Spada, the brother of an imprisoned mobster, who had expressed support for CasaPound on Facebook and had been photographed with the local candidate.  RAI broadcast video showing reporter Daniele Piervincenzi repeatedly asking Spada, on the doorstep of his gym, whether his family had supported CasaPound and if he thought it could change the down-at-heel neighborhood.  I don t give a shit,  Spada eventually replies, before headbutting Piervincenzi in the face and chasing the bloodied journalist with a baton.      CasaPound s prime ministerial candidate Simone Di Stefano told a news conference the attack was  deplorable  but said the party would not answer for Spada s behavior as he was not a member. The local candidate said the photo taken of him with Spada had happened to be snapped at a neighborhood event. RAI said the blow broke Piervincenzi s nose and doctors had told him he would need 30 days to recover. Rome Mayor Virginia Raggi tweeted the video, and wrote:  Unacceptable Spada clan violence ... we will stop crime and extremism in Rome.  Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni offered Piervincenzi his  solidarity for the brutal aggression suffered in Ostia , and national police chief Franco Gabrieli said the incident showed the area  still needs substantial work . A small player on the national stage, CasaPound won 9 percent of the vote in Ostia, where it hands out food to poor and homeless Italians, compared with 1.8 percent last time.     CasaPound s Di Stefano challenged the judiciary to investigate whether there had been any arrangements by which votes were exchanged for money or favors in Ostia, adding his group had won between 5 and 8 percent of the vote in three cities since early last year.  If we had been in some way favored in Ostia by a mafia clan, we would have had a boom there and in the rest of Italy we would have got 0.4. That s not how it is,  he said.  Spada was detained by police on Thursday and a judge is due to decide on Friday whether to formally arrest him. ",1
15224,Chile police block boxer Mike Tyson from entering country,"SANTIAGO (Reuters) - Chilean police prevented U.S. boxer Mike Tyson from entering the country citing non-compliance with immigration laws and were putting him on a flight home, the Investigative Police (PDI) said on Thursday. Local media reported that the former world heavyweight champion was planning to attend an awards ceremony for action films taking place in Santiago, Chile s capital.  Detectives from the International Police are re-boarding Mike Tyson for not complying with immigration law,  the PDI said on its verified Twitter account on Thursday, alongside a photograph of Tyson walking in an airport with two individuals wearing PDI jackets.  The PDI did not specify which part of the law Tyson did not comply with, and did not immediately respond to an email and a phone call seeking additional information.  Tyson served three years of a six-year U.S. jail sentence for rape in 1992. In 2012, New Zealand revoked an entry visa for Tyson after a charity that was going to benefit from his visit dropped its support due to his rape conviction.  ",1
15225,"In Beijing, Trump presses China on North Korea and trade","BEIJING (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump pressed China to do more to rein in North Korea on Thursday and said bilateral trade had been unfair to the United States, but praised President Xi Jinping s pledge that China would be more open to foreign firms. On North Korea s nuclear and missile programs, Trump said  China can fix this problem quickly and easily , urging Beijing to cut financial links with North Korea and also calling on Russia to help. Trump was speaking alongside Xi in the Chinese capital to announce the signing of about $250 billion in commercial deals between U.S. and Chinese firms, a display that some in the U.S. business community worry detracts from tackling deep-seated complaints about market access in China. Xi said the Chinese economy would become increasingly open and transparent to foreign firms, including those from the United States, and welcomed U.S. companies to participate in his ambitious  Belt and Road  infrastructure-led initiative. Trump made clear that he blamed his predecessors, not China, for the trade imbalance, and repeatedly praised Xi, calling him  a very special man .  But we will make it fair and it will be tremendous for both of us,  Trump said. Xi smiled widely when Trump said he does not blame China for the deficit and also when Trump said Xi gets things done.  Of course there are some frictions, but on the basis of win-win cooperation and fair competition, we hope we can solve all these issues in a frank and consultative way,  Xi said.  Keeping opening up is our long-term strategy. We will never narrow or close our doors. We will further widen them,  he said. China would also offer a more fair and transparent environment for foreign firms, including U.S. ones, Xi said. Trump is pressing China to tighten the screws further on North Korea and its development of nuclear weapons in defiance of U.N. sanctions. At least modest progress is hoped for, although there are no immediate signs of a major breakthrough, a U.S. official said earlier. Referring to Xi, Trump said:  I do believe there s a solution to that, as do you.  Xi reiterated that China would strive for the denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula but offered no hint that China would change tack on North Korea, with which it fought side-by-side in the 1950-53 Korean war against U.S.-led forces.  We are devoted to reaching a resolution to the Korean peninsula issue through dialogue and consultations,  Xi said. Briefing reporters after the talks, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Trump told Xi:  You re a strong man, I m sure you can solve this for me.  Tillerson said both leaders agreed they could not accept a nuclear-armed North Korea but he acknowledged they had some differences over tactics and timing. Tillerson pointed out that Trump, in a speech in Seoul, had  invited the North Koreans to come to the table,  in line with the Chinese desire for a negotiated solution. He added, however, that Trump was prepared for a  military response  if he deemed the threat serious enough, but  that s not his first choice .  We are going to work hard on diplomatic efforts as well,  he said, but did not elaborate. In a show of the importance China puts on Trump s first official visit, Thursday s welcoming ceremony outside Beijing s Great Hall of the People overlooking Tiananmen Square was broadcast live on state television - unprecedented treatment for a visiting leader. Earlier on Thursday, Xi said he had a deep exchange of views with Trump and reached consensus on numerous issues of mutual concern.  For China, cooperation is the only real choice, only win-win can lead to an even better future,  he said. Xi said China and the United States strengthened high-level dialogue on all fronts over the past year and boosted coordination on major international issues, such as the Korean peninsula and Afghanistan.  Relations between China and the United States are now on a new historical starting point,  Xi said. Trump and Xi hit it off at their first meeting in April at Trump s Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida and continued their  bromance  on Wednesday with an afternoon of sightseeing together with their wives. However, divisions persist over trade and North Korea. And while Xi is riding high after consolidating power at a twice-a-decade Communist Party Congress last month, Trump comes to China saddled with low public approval ratings and dogged by investigations into Russian links to his election campaign. Trump has ratcheted up his criticism of China s massive trade surplus with the United States - calling it  embarrassing  and  horrible  last week - and has accused Beijing of unfair trade practices. For its part, China says U.S. restrictions on Chinese investment in the United States and on high-tech exports need to be addressed. Several corporate chief executives were in Beijing as part of a delegation led by U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, with General Electric and semiconductor maker Qualcomm Inc among those announcing billions of dollars in sales to China. [L3N1NF2IA] But Qualcomm s agreement to sell $12 billion worth of components to three Chinese mobile phone makers over three years is non-binding, and critics say such public announcements are sometimes more show than substance.  This shows that we have a strong, vibrant bilateral economic relationship, and yet we still need to focus on leveling the playing field because U.S. companies continue to be disadvantaged doing business in China,  said William Zarit, chairman of the American Chamber of Commerce in China. Trump railed against China s trade practices during the 2016 U.S. presidential campaign and threatened to take action once in office. But he has since held back on any major trade penalties, making clear he was doing so to give Beijing time to make progress reining in North Korea. A U.S. official said both sides were  in sync  about wanting to minimize friction during the visit and recreate the positive tone of the April summit. Trump was not expected to put much emphasis in his talks with Xi on thorny issues such as the disputed South China Sea and self-ruled Taiwan, claimed by China as its own, although the leaders  aides may deal with those matters privately, the official told Reuters, speaking on condition of anonymity. China has repeatedly pushed back at suggestions it should be doing more to rein in North Korea, which does about 90 percent of its trade with China, saying it is fully enforcing U.N. sanctions and that everyone has a responsibility to lower tension and get talks back on track. (This story was refiled to restore dropped word in paragraph 16.) ",1
15226,"In a corner of a French field, memories of U.S. segregation","ARDEUIL ET MONTFAUXELLES, France (Reuters) - In a half-forgotten field in France stands a worn monument to a regiment of U.S. soldiers who faced down racism at home and in their ranks to become World War One s most decorated unit of African American soldiers. In the run up to Veterans  Day on Nov. 11, campaigners say the record of the 371st infantry regiment needs to be fully recognized. One man is trying to have one of the unit s soldiers finally decorated with the Medal of Honor   the U.S. military s highest award   a century after his death. The 371st was largely made up of poor black laborers from segregated South Carolina.  They were drafted into the army by a military machine keen to keep them away from potential frontline glory by putting them in support roles. But they soon found themselves in the heat of battle under the command of the French army, which was desperate for manpower in the dying days of the war.  You had these African Americans in the early 1900s who were subject to Jim Crow, racism was rampant, the military was segregated,  said Gerald Torrence of the American Battle Monuments Commission (ABMC), a government agency that serves as guardian of U.S. military memorials and cemeteries overseas.  These men were victimized in their daily life in the United States, yet they were not victims in their minds,  said Torrence, who is co-author of  Willing Patriots: Men of Color in the First World War . Until 2015, when President Barack Obama posthumously decorated a soldier from another regiment, the 371st contained the war s only African American winner of the Medal of Honor. But now Jeff Gusky, a campaigner, explorer and photographer, has dug through the records and believes it deserves another. Private Burton Holmes was in his early twenties on Sept. 28, 1918 when he was badly injured during an assault on a ridge in Champagne, eastern France. In the face of heavy machinegun fire, he returned to headquarters to re-arm and fought on, rallying the troops before being killed. He was recommended for the Medal of Honor but it was downgraded to a lesser award, a decision Gusky believes was down to institutional racism. An African American comrade of Holmes, Freddie Stowers, was also recommended for the Medal of Honor during the war but his paperwork was misplaced for decades and he was only recognized in 1991, 73 years after his death. Now veterans  organizations say the case of Holmes needs to be reviewed too.  I think the burden is on the present day U.S. army to tell us why he wouldn t deserve the Medal of Honor,  Gusky said. In the tiny village of Ardeuil et Montfauxelles in eastern France (population 86), the residents have not forgotten the sacrifice of the soldiers. Local man Frank Lesjean treks through a field after work to tend to their memorial, accessible only by a muddy track. He touches up the names of those who died with red paint and looks after the roses around the chipped granite.  Restoring this monument helps their memory to endure,  he told Reuters.  Without it, they d be even more forgotten.  ",1
15227,Germany's far-right AfD calls for repatriation of Syrian refugees,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) party called on Thursday for the repatriation of half a million Syrian refugees living in Germany, saying the war there was nearly over and that President Bashar al-Assad had urged refugees to return home. Earlier on Thursday, Syria s army declared victory over Islamic State, saying its capture of the jihadists  last town in the country marked the collapse of their three-year, hardline reign in the region. However, fighting is continuing in many areas, the United Nations says, in a complex civil war in which millions have been killed or forced to flee their homes, many to neighboring countries or to Europe.         The AfD s proposal for repatriating Syrian refugees is its first since it swept into Germany s lower house of parliament, the Bundestag, in September s federal election on an anti-immigrant platform. It is the third largest party in the new Bundestag but the proposal is very unlikely to win approval as mainstream parties including Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives, the biggest bloc, have refused to work with the AfD. In its proposal, the AfD said the new German government should immediately start talks with Syrian authorities over a deal to repatriate the refugees.  This deal should ensure that the returnees will be accepted in Syria and accommodated only in safe areas,  the AfD said in a statement adding that Damascus must guarantee not to persecute  citizens who escaped the military draft. The proposal said Syrian refugees  children in Germany should now be taught the Syrian school curriculum, either by Syrian teachers already resident in Germany or by teachers sent by the Syrian government for this purpose. The statement, signed by the two party leaders Alexander Gauland and Alice Weidel, said the Syrian government should work with Germany to finance the repatriation, which they said should be free for the individual refugees. The Greens party, which is expected to join Merkel s new conservative-led coalition, said the AfD proposal showed the party to be  irresponsible, inhumane and heartless .  No subject is too abysmal, no populism is too dirty for you. Shame on you!  Greens politician Luise Amtsberg said on her Facebook account, commenting on the proposal. Immigration is one of the difficult issues where Merkel s conservative bloc, the left-leaning Greens and the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) are struggling to forge a common stance in their coalition talks. Since the beginning of the year, some 156,000 people have applied for asylum in Germany, more than 25 percent of them  from Syria, making them the biggest national group, data from the Federal Interior Ministry showed on Thursday. ",1
15228,"U.S. blacklists 10 Venezuelans for corruption, undermining state vote","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Treasury Department on Thursday sanctioned 10 more Venezuelan officials, including several government ministers, who it said had helped Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro s attempts to undermine democratic rule in the country.  These individuals are associated with undermining electoral processes, media censorship, or corruption in government-administered food programs in Venezuela,  the U.S. Treasury said in a statement. On Oct. 15, state elections were held in Venezuela. The list of officials includes Julian Rodriguez Diaz, Venezuela s ambassador to Italy; Ernesto Emilio Villegas Poljak, Venezuela s new minister of culture; Freddy Bernal Rosales,  Venezuela s minister for urban agriculture; and Manuel Fernandez Melendez, who heads the country s National Telephone Company. ",1
15229,"Japan hails progress in TPP trade talks, but discord raises doubts","DANANG, Vietnam (Reuters) - Discord emerged between Japan and Canada over progress on the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal on Thursday, as Japan said countries  agree in principle  on a way forward, but Canada said there was no such agreement. The spat highlighted the continuing challenge to reviving a pact whose survival was thrown into doubt when President Donald Trump ditched it, in one of his first acts in office, in favor of bilateral dealmaking. Japan had lobbied hard to proceed with a pact that could also help to contain China s growing regional dominance, ahead of talks in the Vietnamese resort of Danang this week alongside Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) meetings. Some other members have not shown a readiness to move so fast. Asked by reporters about the results of a meeting of TPP ministers, Japanese Economy Minister Toshimitsu Motegi said  (they) agree in principle , adding that the ministers had finalised  a list of suspensions  - clauses that would be suspended to avoid renegotiating the whole agreement. But Candian Trade Minister Francois-Philippe Champagne later said on Twitter:  Despite reports, there is no agreement in principle on TPP.  The TPP aims to eliminate tariffs on industrial and farm products across a bloc whose trade totalled $356 billion last year. It also has provisions for protecting everything from labor rights to the environment to intellectual property - one of the main sticking points. Canada, whose economy is the second biggest among the TPP-11 after Japan, said on Wednesday it would not be rushed into a revived TPP deal. Like Mexico, its position is further complicated by renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) with the Trump administration. Mexico s trade minister said on Thursday the TPP countries had reached agreement in talks, but he gave no details and said there would be an announcement on Friday. The leaders of TPP countries are tentatively scheduled to meet on Friday to discuss the proposals of ministers. One Canadian official who declined to be named said ministers from different countries may have had different interpretations of Thursday s discussions. Options discussed by the TPP countries have included suspending some provisions of the original agreement to avoid having to renegotiate it and potentially to entice the United States back in the long term. Trump and other APEC leaders, including President Xi Jinping of China and Russian President Vladimir Putin, will meet on Friday in Danang. APEC trade and foreign ministers separately ended a meeting on Thursday with a  very good outcome , despite differing views on trade and protectionism, Vietnamese Trade Minister Tran Tuan Anh said.  Ministerial talks on a communique for the APEC leaders were extended into a second day on Thursday in the face of U.S. demands for changes to the language used concerning issues such as free trade and protectionism, officials at the talks said. ",1
15230,Spain's state prosecutor asks judge to jail Catalan parliament speaker: El Pais,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s state prosecutor on Thursday asked the Spanish Supreme Court to jail the Catalan parliament s speaker and three lawmakers pending an investigation into their role in Catalonia s banned push for independence, El Pais reported. The Catalan parliament speaker, Carmen Forcadell, and five regional lawmakers testified on Thursday on charges of sedition, rebellion and misuse of public funds The prosecutor asked the judge to release two other regional lawmakers, according to the newspaper. It was not clear whether their release involved certain conditions. ",1
15231,Kuwait foreign ministry orders its nationals to leave Lebanon immediately: KUNA,"RIYADH (Reuters) - Kuwait s foreign ministry ordered its nationals to leave Lebanon immediately, according to a statement on Thursday carried by state news agency KUNA. The decision came hours after Saudi Arabia warned its citizens against traveling to Lebanon and asked those in the country to leave as soon as possible. ",1
15232,U.N. says it believes Afghanistan air strike killed civilians,"KABUL (Reuters) - The United Nations mission in Afghanistan said at least 10 civilians may have been killed by an air strike in the northern city of Kunduz last week, despite a U.S. military investigation that found no civilian deaths. In a series of messages on Twitter, the U.N. Assistance Mission in Afghanistan said interviews with multiple survivors, medics, elders and others gave it strong reason to believe that civilians were among the victims of Saturday s attack.  Credible reports that at least 10 civilians killed in Kunduz Afghanistan air strike 4 Nov, UNAMA initial findings show,  it said. The statement contradicts comments from some local and Afghan military officials as well as a U.S. statement on Tuesday which said that an investigation had found no evidence of civilian deaths. The episode underlines the lack of clarity over reports of civilian casualties, an issue which is likely to become increasingly prominent as the United States steps up air strikes against the Taliban and other insurgent groups. Captain Tom Gresback, a spokesman for the U.S. military, said the Pentagon still stood by its previous statement that found no civilian deaths. But he added:  U.S. Forces Afghanistan will examine and consider any credible evidence when allegations of civilian casualties are presented. We take all allegations of civilian casualties very seriously and take necessary steps to ensure that we mitigate the loss of civilian life.    On a visit to Kabul in September, U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said that commanders would be given greater freedom to use American firepower against the Taliban but that  everything humanly possible  would be done to avoid civilian casualties. Former President Hamid Karzai, who clashed bitterly with the United States over the issue in past years, condemned the air strikes but the government of President Ashraf Ghani has so far made no public comment.  Accounts from some local officials and residents indicated that as many as 13 people were killed in air strikes in Chahardara district outside Kunduz city. Some Afghan media have reported much higher figures, without independent confirmation. Afghan special forces and the local provincial governor say 48 militants were killed but deny any civilians were killed. In its most recent report, the United Nations said there had been a 52 percent increase in civilian casualties from air strikes in the first nine months of the year to 205 killed and 261 wounded. The issue has particular resonance in Kunduz because it was there that 42 civilians were killed in a U.S. air strike on a hospital run by medical aid group Medecins sans Frontieres during fighting to regain the city from the Taliban in 2015. ",1
15233,Mauritanian blogger who faced death penalty for apostasy to be freed,"NOUAKCHOTT (Reuters) - A Mauritanian blogger condemned to death in 2014 for apostasy in a Facebook post about Islam will be freed because an appeals court on Thursday overturned his sentence, his lawyer said.     Mohamed Ould Cheikh Ould Mkhaitir has spent nearly four years in jail after a high-profile case surrounding a post in which he criticized the use of religion to justify social discrimination.  The case has highlighted tempestuous social divisions in the desert West African country, often based on ethnicity. Thousands protested in the capital Nouakchott and other cities during the trial demanding Mkhaitir be put to death.  Mauritania has not carried out a death penalty sentence since 1987, but last year a group of influential Muslim clerics urged authorities to apply the harshest punishment.  The court reduced Mkhaitir s sentence to two years in prison and a fine of 60,000 ouguiyas ($170). He will be allowed to go free because of time already served in prison, his lawyer Me Mohamed Ould Moine told Reuters.   This is a great victory for Mauritanian justice,  Moine said after the appeal hearing in the northern city of Nouadhibou.  The judges respected Mauritanian law taking into account his regrets and repentance.  The streets of Nouakchott were calm immediately after the hearing, though there was extra security in place there and in Nouadhibou. His lawyer and rights groups have expressed concerns about Mkhaitir s safety following death threats to him and his friends. ",1
15234,"Greek guerrilla group assassin given jail leave, triggering row","ATHENS (Reuters) - A leading member of Greece s most deadly guerrilla group, November 17, began a two-day leave from prison on Thursday under a parole board ruling that triggered a storm of protest and expressions of regret from Britain and the United States. Dimitris Koufodinas is serving several life terms for his role in the Marxist group that operated for almost three decades until Greek authorities arrested its leaders in 2002.  Its targets ranged from businessmen to diplomats. Its first victim was a CIA station chief in 1975, and its last a British embassy defense attache in 2000. Prison authorities granted his request for temporary leave from jail on condition he report to a police station twice a day. It is his first such leave since he was jailed in 2003 and authorities said it was in compliance with regulations applying to all inmates. But the release comes at a sensitive time for the government, which is frequently accused by opposition parties of being soft on anti-establishment groups with roots in leftist radicalism and anarchy. Conservative lawmaker Dora Bakoyannis, whose husband Pavlos Bakoyannis was gunned down by November 17 in 1989, was visibly angry during a live broadcast after his release from jail.  He isn t just any terrorist. He was a leader, the ideological guide, the guy who wrote a book who said that after the murder (of Bakoyannis) he went to a tavern and celebrated. While my children were crying,  she told Skai TV. Geoffrey Pyatt, the U.S. ambassador to Greece, said in a Tweet the decision was a  dishonor  to the memory of victims and their families. British ambassador Smith said she was  deeply disappointed  and shared the victims  pain. Both envoys carried photos of plaques at their respective embassies commemorating November 17 victims.  Members of November 17 eluded capture for years. The country has a history of political violence and still has urban guerrilla groups, though none as deadly as November 17.  Koufodinas, an amateur beekeeper known as  poison hand  for the precision of his aim, has been kept at a high-security jail in Athens for 15 years. There, he wrote two books, one called  I was Born November 17 , and the second  13 Answers . In a high profile trial in 2003, 15 people, including Koufodinas, were found guilty over the 23 killings and dozens of bomb attacks claimed by the guerrilla group.  A government official said authorities followed procedure.  I am not going to defend the practice, the deeds, nor the ideology of Mr Koufodinas,  he told Real FM radio.  What I can say as a comment is that in this specific case the law was applied to the letter, and the preconditions were met for granting leave.  The group took its name from the date of a 1973 student uprising against the military dictatorship. It is normally marked every Nov. 17 with street protests in Athens. ",1
15235,Two dead in Russian apartment collapse after apparent gas blast,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - At least two people died and two were injured on Thursday after a part of a nine-storey building collapsed in the Russian city of Izhevsk, an emergencies ministry official said, after an apparent gas explosion. The official said there were still some people trapped under debris of the building in Izhevsk, which is 1,220 km (760 miles) east of Moscow and hosts the plant that manufactures the famed Kalashnikov assault rifle. Russia s Investigation Committee said a natural gas blast appeared to have caused the building collapse. There have been several similar accidents across Russia in recent years due to a poor safety record of gas usage, including in the southern Russian city of Volgograd in December 2015 where at least five people died. ",1
15236,France's Macron says received no request to host ex-Lebanese PM Hariri in France,"DUBAI (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron said on Thursday he had informal contacts with former Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri, but there had been no request to transfer him to France. Speaking at a news conference in Dubai, Macron also said ahead of a trip to see Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman in Riyadh later on Thursday that he would not make any public comment on the wave of arrests in the Kingdom saying it was not his style to interfere in the domestic policies of other countries.  ",1
15237,Polish PM calls for an EU where Christianity is not censored,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland wants to be sure that Christian traditions are not subject to  ideological censorship  in the European Union, Prime Minister Beata Szydlo said on Thursday, emphasizing her party s opposition to Muslim immigration. Along with Hungary, Poland has refused to take in any of its quota of the wave of refugees from Syria and elsewhere who have come to Europe since 2015, on the grounds that Muslim immigrants are a threat to their national security and stability. Szydlo s eurosceptic Law and Justice (PiS) party appeals directly to the more socially conservative sections of Poland s overwhelmingly Roman Catholic population. In a foreign policy speech marking the midpoint of the parliamentary term, Szydlo said Christians in Europe should not need to feel uncomfortable or ashamed about their faith and traditions.  We are in favor of (an EU) where Christian traditions are not subject to ideological censorship,  she told a conference organized by the Polish Institute of International Affairs. Opinion polls in Poland - one of the most ethnically and religiously homogenous countries in Europe - indicate that about three-quarters of Poles are against accepting refugees.     Apart from refusing its quota, Szydlo s government has triggered a series of disputes with the EU executive, the European Commission, over policies that Brussels says undermine democracy and the rule of law. In a veiled criticism of France and Germany, the traditional motors of EU integration, Szydlo said that countries such as Poland should be a greater part of the bloc s decision-making process.  The EU s principle of respect for the rights of its citizens will cease to be an empty one only when the debate about the future of the European Union takes place with the participation of all concerned, not in three or four capitals,  she said.  Opinion polls suggest up to 80 percent of Poles back EU membership, though many are also opposed to deeper EU integration and joining the euro currency. Szydlo reiterated that Poland would stay in the EU, but said that growing euroscepticism in several countries was a sign that  some politicians  were unwilling to recognize the problems within the bloc.   It s not enough to stigmatize tens of millions of Europeans in different countries as immature and dangerous populations, or to put Poland in a corner,  Szydlo said. ",1
15238,Lithuania says east-west schism within EU benefits Russia,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Lithuania said a growing rift between some eastern and western European Union states over issues such as migration posed a threat to the bloc at a time of increased Russian military assertiveness. Frictions between ex-communist states in Europe s East and the wealthier West have increased since the 2015 migration crisis and Britain s decision to leave the bloc, as leaders try to quell popular disenchantment with the EU. Nationalist politicians in Poland and Hungary have called for sweeping reform to bring more power back to member states at the expense of Brussels bureaucracy and refused to take part in efforts to relocate migrants from the Middle East.   I believe it s a worry,  Lithuanian Foreign Minister Linas Linkevicius told Reuters on the sidelines of a security conference in Warsaw, when asked about Polish and Hungarian assertiveness within the EU.  We would like to see more cohesion,  he said.  I know who is gaining. Those who are not happy with our cohesion,  Linkevicius said, adding that he was referring to Russia.  We are taking it very seriously not to help those who would like to divide East and West.  Lithuania, alongside Poland, has been particularly worried about Russia since Moscow annexed the Crimean peninsula from Ukraine in 2014.  NATO has sought to reassure allies in the region by sending troops to the Baltics, Poland and the Black Sea, setting up a network of NATO outposts, holding more exercises and preparing a rapid response force. Some western officials have expressed concern that parts of the Baltic states, which have large ethnic Russian minorities, could be seized by Moscow, much as Russia took control of Crimea. Linkevicius said good relations with EU powerhouses Germany and France within the EU were crucial because of their ability to help militarily.  Poland, in particular, has seen ties with Paris and Berlin deteriorate since 2015, when the conservative Law and Justice (PiS) party took power, over issues such as military procurement, wartime reparations and the EU s single market rules.  ",1
15239,Police question Netanyahu for fifth time in corruption case,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli police questioned Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Thursday for the fifth time over suspicions of corruption, Israeli media reported. A Reuters cameraman saw police investigators arrive by car late in the day to Netanyahu s official residence, where previous interrogations have taken place.  Officials with the police and Netanyahu s office declined to comment to Reuters on their visit, but Israel media, without citing sources, widely reported he was being questioned again. No charges have been brought against Netanyahu, who has been in power since 2009 and has denied wrongdoing. He is a suspect in two cases, one involving the receipt of gifts from businessmen and the other related to conversations he held with an Israeli newspaper publisher about limiting competition in the news sector in exchange for more positive coverage. Police said earlier this week that a top Netanyahu confidant had been questioned as part of a different investigation into a $2 billion submarine deal with Germany. ",1
15240,"Political exclusion risks tearing Kenya apart, says opposition leader","NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s main opposition leader said on Thursday that anger over last month s presidential election ran so deep it threatened to tear the country apart. Raila Odinga boycotted the Oct. 25 election because he said it would be unfair, leaving President Uhuru Kenyatta to win with 98 percent of the vote. The Supreme Court called the poll after it annulled a first presidential election held in August on procedural grounds.  Mainstream Kenyans feel so deeply cheated they are openly toying with the idea of secession,  Odinga told an audience in Washington, D.C. His speech to the Center for Strategic and International Studies, a think-tank, was broadcast live on Kenyan television.   The biggest problem in Kenya right now is exclusion ... unless they (the problems) are addressed they will tear the country apart,  he said.  As things stand now, anger and radicalization is growing by the day.  A small number of politicians in Odinga s opposition alliance have discussed the idea of his strongholds seceding from Kenya but the idea has not gained wide popularity.  Odinga s supporter base is concentrated along Kenya s coast, in city slums and in his western strongholds, areas that have traditionally felt excluded from political power and the opportunities for patronage it offers.  Odinga s supporters are currently boycotting three companies they say are backing the government. The opposition has called for protests on Friday.  In his speech, Odinga noted Kenya s four presidents since independence had all come from the Kikuyu or Kalenjin communities, even though the country had 44 recognized ethnic groups. Kenyatta is a Kikuyu and his deputy, who has made clear his intention to run in the next election, is a Kalenjin.  Earlier this week, Odinga told Reuters he wanted a caretaker government for six months while preparations were made for new elections. Government officials reject the idea, saying Odinga had his chance to compete in October.  The Supreme Court is due to start hearing petitions on the legality of the October elections next week.  ",1
15241,Zimbabwe court grants bail to U.S. citizen charged with subversion,"HARARE (Reuters) - A high court judge in Zimbabwe said on Thursday the state s case against a U.S. citizen charged with trying to subvert President Robert Mugabe s government lacked facts and ordered that she be granted bail. Martha O Donovan has been in prison since Saturday, a day after she was arrested on accusations of insulting Mugabe in a Twitter post. Police later leveled the more serious charge of subversion, which carries a possible 20-year jail term. She denies both charges. O Donovan works for Magamba TV, which describes itself as Zimbabwe s leading producer of political satire. In granting her bail, High Court Judge Clement Phiri said there was a  patent absence of facts  in the state s case.  The applicant has demonstrated that she should be granted bail. It is my finding that it is in the interests of justice that the applicant be given bail,  Phiri said. O Donovan was not in court. Phiri ordered her to deposit $1,000 with the court, surrender her passport and report to the criminal investigations department twice a week as part of her bail conditions. Her lawyer Obey Shava said O Donovan would be released on Friday after completing administrative procedures. Amnesty International said in a statement the case showed that Zimbabwean authorities had contempt for freedom of expression. The state s case centers on a Twitter post it says she wrote in October calling Mugabe a  selfish and sick man . The government set up a Ministry of Cyber Security last month. Zimbabwe is facing acute shortages of foreign exchange and cash. The country is also concerned with who will succeed Mugabe, 93, who has ruled since independence from Britain in 1980. He plans to contest next year s election. This week Mugabe fired his deputy Emmerson Mnangagwa from the government and ruling party for  disloyalty . Mnangagawa was seen as a potential successor.  Formal opposition to Mugabe is limited but the government is wary of social media. Last year, activists including pastor Evan Mawarire used it to organize the #ThisFlag movement. Its stay-at-home demonstration was the biggest protest in a decade. ",1
15242,Anti-Trump U.S. coalition tells U.N. climate talks: 'we're still in',"BONN (Reuters) - A coalition of U.S. cities, companies and other groups said on Thursday that many in the United States remained committed to the 2015 Paris climate agreement despite plans by U.S. President Donald Trump to pull out. The  we are still in  coalition opened a 2,500-square meter (27,000-square foot) tent pavilion outside a venue in Bonn, Germany, where delegates from almost 200 nations are working on details of the pact aimed at ending the fossil fuel era by 2100. By contrast, the U.S. government delegation office at the talks covers only 100 square meters.  There is a tradition of non-partisanship for protecting our planet,  said James Brainard, Republican mayor of the town of Carmel, Indiana, at an opening event.  It is unfortunate we have moved away from it.  Trump, who doubts mainstream scientific findings that global warming is primarily caused by man-made greenhouse gases, said in June he would pull out of the Paris Agreement and promote the U.S. coal and oil industries. The  we are still in  coalition of states, cities, universities, faith groups and environmental activists, aims to show delegates from other nations at the Nov. 6-17 U.N. talks that many Americans are working to cut greenhouse gas emissions. It says its signatories represent more than 130 million Americans and $6.2 trillion of annual economic output. Fiji, which is presiding at the U.N. talks, welcomed the coalition as a  perfect example  of how the Paris accord aims to widen action beyond national governments.  I am confident that coalitions like yours will scale up because they are noble and inspiring,  Inia Seruiratu, the Fijian minister for agriculture and disaster management, told the meeting. And Jeff Moe, director of product advocacy for Ingersoll-Rand(IR.N), said the company was seeking to halve its greenhouse gas emissions. The  we are still in  pavilion is funded by Bloomberg Philanthropies, The Hewlett Foundation and NextGen America. California Governor Jerry Brown also urged more action on climate change.  Relative to the threat, the urgency is not there ... and nobody is in charge. That s the biggest problem,  he told a news conference in Brussels. Brown travels to Bonn on Saturday. ",1
15243,War crimes court backs Burundi investigation,"AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - The International Criminal Court approved a prosecution request on Thursday to investigate war crimes allegedly committed in Burundi by the government and government-linked groups against political foes from April 2015 to October 2017. The decision follows Burundi s decision to withdraw from the court as of Oct. 26, 2017. However, the court will still have jurisdiction over crimes committed while Burundi was a member. A court statement said the country s government  launched a widespread and systematic attack against the Burundian civilian population... targeting those who opposed or were perceived to oppose the ruling party.  In a statement, the court said the prosecutor had presented enough evidence of crimes against humanity to merit a formal investigation, including murder, torture, rape and persecution, that led to more than 1,000 deaths. Unrest has gripped Burundi since the announcement, in April 2015, that President Pierre Nkurunziza would seek a third term in office. He won in July of that year, despite protests that the vote was rigged and that his seeking a third term violated both the constitution and the terms of an agreement that had ended a previous rebellion.  UN rights investigators and independent activists have accused government forces of widespread violations, including forced disappearances, and of orchestrating a campaign of terror. Around 400,000 people have fled to neighboring countries amid the unrest, which has crippled Burundi s economy. Reacting to the court decision, top Nkurunziza adviser Willy Nyamitwe tweeted:  The corrupt ICC just shot itself in the foot.   This is obviously cheating, but no doubt Burundi will be the winner in this battle. This is the last card of the Western powers,  he said. ",1
15244,Uganda's president boosts military unit as rural support slips away,"BUSHENYI, Uganda (Reuters) - When Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni returned to his home region to throw an Independence Day party last month, the uniformed security outnumbered the small crowd of bored spectators.     Museveni slowly drove past the crowd, a mix of schoolchildren and farmers, in a top-of-the-range pick-up truck, giving them a wide smile and a thumbs-up, the ruling party symbol. He was met with blank stares.     The apathy - on a continent where strongman rulers are traditionally feted in their home areas - reveals the slow leaching away of political support from one of Africa s longest-serving rulers. Now, as his party plans to extend his rule, the president is increasingly reliant on a military unit from his home area, the Special Forces Command, to quell dissent over collapsing public services, corruption, growing poverty and brutality by security services.       We ve had enough of him,  said butcher Steven Ruturukirira bluntly.     In a lengthy speech, the 73-year-old Museveni studiously ignored the day s hot topic: a legislative plan to remove the 75-year age limit for the presidency, clearing the way to extend his leadership of the oil-rich nation.       The pursuit of social and economic transformation of Africa is not a simple matter. It calls for visionary leadership,  Museveni told the crowd.  Relieved to see Uganda freed from the yoke of brutal dictators, the West has given Museveni an easy ride over the last three decades, glad of his support against radical Islam and his role as power broker in the volatile Great Lakes Region.  Uganda has also welcomed foreign investors like France s Total, China s CNOOC and Britain s Tullow, who hope to start pumping 6.5 billion barrels worth of crude reserves through a planned $3.55 billion pipeline.  But as the opposition makes inroads in urban areas, Museveni relies on support in rural heartlands, as well as his special forces, exacerbating ethnic tensions and potentially sowing the seeds for conflagration when he eventually leaves power. Currently, the age cap bars Museveni from standing in Uganda s next elections, scheduled for 2021. But last month a ruling party lawmaker introduced a bill to scrap the rule.  The government gave each MP $8,000 to help them consult voters on the bill, provoking fury among ordinary citizens like quarry worker Ronald Malongo, 27, who is among a growing number of Ugandans who make less than a dollar a day.   Museveni works only for his stomach and those around him,  Malongo panted as he lifted a load of granite.  We re trash to him.  An opinion survey of 1,200 Ugandans by pollster Afrobarometer a year ago found three quarters opposed the bill. Some legislators trying to promote it were met with jeers or violence in their home constituencies, media reported. Protests have been crushed by riot police, killing two.    Opposition lawmakers tried to filibuster the bill in September, but said they were forcibly ejected from parliament by the Special Forces Command (SFC), a loyalist military unit heavily staffed with soldiers from Museveni s Hima ethnic group.    Several MPs sustained serious injuries, like Ibrahim Ssemujju Nganda, who said SFC forces dragged him from the debating chamber and choked him in a nearby room.     Uganda is  gradually moving into some sort of a military regime,  he said.  I don t see Museveni turning back, he has a group around him that can t allow a change (because they are profiting from this).      At the time, the police chief told television reporters he had invited  sister  security agencies into parliament, a euphemism usually used for the military.  But military spokesman Richard Karemire denied soldiers had ejected legislators or strangled Nganda, telling Reuters:  Uganda is not a military state ... it s a democracy.  Estimated at about 10,000, SFC has evolved from a small presidential guard to a fully fledged branch of the military that enjoys better welfare and training and controls superior equipment.   Soldiers in the SFC get an $80 per month  food basket allowance  that ordinary soldiers don t get. That s a powerful incentive when the number of Ugandans who spend less than a dollar a day has surged to 27 percent of the population, up from 20 percent five years ago, according to the statistics office.  The starting wage for an ordinary soldiers is $105. The unit also gets better housing, training, and weapons than regular soldiers, two military officers told Reuters on condition of anonymity.   It s an army within an army,  one the officers said.         It was formerly commanded by Museveni s son, Major General Muhoozi Kainerugaba, now a presidential adviser. Many believe he is being prepared to succeed his father after a military general, David Sejusa, wrote a widely published letter to the head of internal security in 2013.  Sejusa, an old comrade of Museveni s, asked for an investigation into an alleged plot to assassinate top government officials opposed to the Museveni  family project of holding onto power in perpetuity . Sejusa fled to the United Kingdom but returned to Uganda in 2014. He remains in the military, which bars him from politics, but has been sidelined from power.  Kainerugaba s successor at the head of the SFC is also from the Hima ethnic group. Other prominent members include military chief David Muhoozi, and Museveni s wife, Janet, the education minister.   SFC is ethnic, it s an army built on ethnic lines,  said Nganda, a former member of a parliamentary committee that oversees the military.    The danger with rewarding ethnic loyalists with favors and privileges is that beneficiaries  will not sit back and watch power slide out of their hands,  Uganda political analyst Nicholas Sengoba said.  These people will try by hook or crook to maintain the status quo,  he said.  That is where you have potential for violence.   ",1
15245,"Despite NATO pledge to increase Afghan support, troop shortfall remains: U.S.","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - NATO s pledge to send more troops to Afghanistan still falls short of commitments, U.S. commanders said on Thursday, concerned that fewer reinforcements could threaten the already precarious security situation in the country. At a meeting of NATO defence ministers, commanders said that nearly three months after President Donald Trump announced his  South Asia strategy,  the promised troop numbers do expand the NATO training presence but not by as much as hoped.   We have made it very clear to the allies that we really need their help in filling these billets that we have identified,  said General John Nicholson, the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan and head of the NATO training mission. NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said this week that NATO allies and the United States would split the burden of providing some 3,000 more troops, an increase that would take NATO s training mission to about 16,000 troops. Two diplomats said that at this stage, the United States is likely to provide 2,800 troops, while non-U.S. NATO allies and partners will send an additional 700 troops, potentially making up a 3,500-strong personnel increase.  Germany, one of the main European troop contributors, said it was not increasing its contribution for next year, which German Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen defended.   The commitments received so far are sufficient. We will not reach the total troop level, but to a high degree,  Von der Leyen told reporters. European NATO s focus has partly shifted to deterring Russia on its eastern flank, diplomats said, after Moscow s seizure of Crimea in 2014 helped take East-West ties to post-Cold War lows.  Nicholson said he was concerned that the United States would be put in a position where it would have to fill the shortfall.  Right now my plan is to have U.S. forces focused on the things that only U.S. forces can do, so I would not like to have to divert U.S. forces to do things that allies can perform,  Nicholson said. Security in Afghanistan has deteriorated in recent months, 16 years after the United States invaded to topple the Islamist Taliban government that gave al Qaeda the sanctuary where it plotted the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks.  We fought ... at the lowest year level of capability that we have ever had in the 16 years. So it was the lowest level of capability and the highest level of risk we have faced in this time,  Nicholson said.  Before the ministers  meeting, U.S. officials said about 80 percent of the troop commitments had been met by the allies. U.S. Defence Secretary Jim Mattis said that about two dozen countries had signalled their intent to increase their troop commitment, but declined to publicly give concrete numbers.  I don t give the enemy information they can use to their advantage,  he told a news conference.   Officials said there was a 10 percent shortfall even after the NATO meeting. According to U.S. estimates, about 43 percent of Afghanistan s districts are either under Taliban control or being contested. One area in particular where there was a need for NATO troops was in training Afghan soldiers and police officers.  A total of 2,531 Afghan security forces were killed and 4,238 wounded in the first four months of the year, according to figures in a recent report by the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan (SIGAR), a U.S. Congressional watchdog.  I am most concerned about police training in particular, because we are trying as part of this four-year road map to get the police out of paramilitary policing and (into) civilian policing,  Nicholson said.  The four-star general said that while contractors could potentially be used to fill the gaps, ideally it would be filled by NATO members. A recent report published by SIGAR said that tens of billions of dollars could be wasted unless changes are made in the training of Afghan security forces. U.S. intelligence agencies have assessed that the conditions in Afghanistan will almost certainly deteriorate through next year, even with a modest increase in military assistance from America and its allies. ",1
15246,Syria declares victory over Islamic State,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syria s army declared victory over Islamic State on Thursday, saying its capture of the jihadists  last town in the country marked the collapse of their three-year, hardline reign in the   in the region.  The army and its allies are still fighting Islamic State in  desert areas near Albu Kamal, the last town the militant group had held in Syria, near the border with Iraq, the army said.      But the capture of the town ends Islamic State s era of territorial rule over the so-called caliphate that it proclaimed in 2014 across Iraq and Syria and in which millions suffered under its hardline, repressive strictures. Yet after ferocious defensive battles in its most important cities this year, where its fighters bled for every house and street, its final collapse has come with lightning speed.  Instead of a battle to the death as they mounted a last stand in the Euphrates valley towns and villages near the border between Iraq and Syria, many fighters surrendered or fled.  There s some fighters left but they re few. Small numbers is all I can say,  said a Syrian army commander of the remaining militants near Albu Kamal.  Some were killed and some ran away. They went toward eastern or northern villages.  In Albu Kamal, the jihadists had fought fiercely, said a commander in the pro-Syrian government military alliance. But it was captured the same day the assault began. This sealed  the fall of the terrorist Daesh organization s project in the region , an army statement said, using an Arabic term for Islamic State. The fate of its last commanders is still unknown   killed by bombardment or in battle, taken prisoner but unidentified, or hunkered into long-prepared hideouts to plot a new insurgency.  The last appearance of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, who declared himself caliph and heir to Islam s historic leaders from the great medieval mosque in Iraq s Mosul, was made in an audio recording in September.    Oh Soldiers of Islam in every location, increase blow after blow, and make the media centers of the infidels, from where they wage their intellectual wars, among the targets,  he said.  Mosul fell to Iraqi forces in July after a nine-month battle. Islamic State s Syrian capital of Raqqa fell in October to the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), a U.S.-backed alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias, after four months of fighting.  But all the forces fighting Islamic State in Syria and Iraq expect a new phase of guerrilla warfare, a tactic the militants have already shown themselves capable of with armed operations in both countries. Western security chiefs have also said its loss of territory does not mean an end to the  lone-wolf  attacks with guns, knives or trucks plowing into civilians that its supporters have mounted around the world.  As it did after previous setbacks, Islamic State s leadership may now stay underground and wait for a new opportunity to take advantage of the chaos in the Middle East.  It might not have long to wait. In Iraq, a referendum on independence in the northern Kurdish region has already prompted a major confrontation between its autonomous government and Baghdad, backed by neighboring Iran and Turkey.  In Syria, two rival campaigns raced across the country s east this year driving back Islamic State   the Syrian army backed by Russia, Iran and Shi ite militias, and an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias backed by the United States.  Syrian officials and a senior advisor to Iran have indicated the Syrian army will now stake its claim to Kurdish-held territory. Washington has not yet said how it would respond to a protracted military campaign against its allies. Aggravating tensions   and raising the possibility of turmoil from which Islamic State could benefit   is a contest for power between Iran and Saudi Arabia. It has developed a religious edge, pitting Shi ite groups supported by Iran against Sunni ones backed by Saudi Arabia, infusing the region s wars with sectarian hatred.  A senior Iranian official this week spoke from Syria s Aleppo of a  line of resistance  running from Tehran to Beirut, an implicit boast of its region-wide influence. In recent days the rivalry has again escalated as Riyadh accused Lebanese Hezbollah of firing a missile from the territory in Yemen of another Iranian ally, the Houthi movement.  Hezbollah is a critical part of the Tehran-backed alliance helping Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. Hezbollah fighters  played the key role in ousting Islamic State from Albu Kamal, a commander in that alliance told Reuters.   Baghdadi s declaration of a caliphate in 2014 launched a new era in jihadist ambition. Instead of al Qaeda s strategy of using militant attacks against the West to spur an Islamist revolution, the new movement decided to simply establish a new state.  It led to a surge in recruitment to the jihadist cause, attracting thousands of young Muslims to  immigrate  to a militant utopia slickly realized in propaganda films.  Islamic State s leadership ranks included former Iraqi officials who well understood the running of a state. They issued identity documents, minted coins and established a morality police force.  Unlike previous jihadist movements that relied on donations from sympathizers, Islamic State s territorial grip gave it command of a real economy. It exported oil and agricultural produce, levied taxes and traded in stolen antiquities.  On the battlefield, it adapted its tactics, using heavy weaponry captured from its enemies during its first flush of military success, adding tanks and artillery to its suicide bombers and guerrilla fighters.  It imprisoned and tortured foreigners, demanding ransoms for their release and killing those whose countries would not pay in grotesque films posted online.  The number of those treated in this way was as nothing to the multitude of Syrians and Iraqis Islamic State killed for their behavior, words, sexuality, religion, ethnicity or tribe. Some were burned alive, others beheaded and some dropped from the roofs of tall buildings.  Captured women were sold as brides at slave auctions. But as Islamic State was pushed from territory in recent months, there were pictures of women pulling off face veils and smoking previously banned cigarettes.  ",1
15247,U.N. watchdog says Australia must change its migration laws,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Australia should stop rejecting refugees and change its migration laws to come into line with international standards, the U.N. Human Rights Committee said in a report on Thursday. The committee, which comprises 18 independent experts and monitors countries  compliance with a global human rights treaty, said Australia should come back in a year to explain what action it had taken to meet its concerns. Australia has been widely criticized by the United Nations and rights groups for detaining asylum seekers who try to reach its shores by boat, even if they are found to be refugees, and keeping them on offshore processing centers in Nauru and Papua New Guinea. The United Nations has warned of a  looming humanitarian crisis  in the Manus island center in Papua New Guinea. It was closed on Oct. 31 but 600 asylum seekers have refused to leave, fearing violent reprisals from islanders if they move to transit centers, pending possible resettlement to the United States. The committee s vice-chair Yuval Shany said although the recommendations were non-binding it did not appear Australia was treating its obligations seriously.  We do not disagree with Australia s right to adopt a tough policy, for instance on resettlement,  he said.  What they cannot do is treat asylum seekers as criminals and detain them, and they cannot absolve themselves of their duty not to send them back to danger.  He said it was exceptional to have such a situation in a developed country with a strong human rights record, and for a country to publicly reject the committee s recommendations one after the other, as Australia had.  The government could not be immediately reached for comment. Immigration Minister Peter Dutton earlier told 2GB radio he stood by the detention policy that the government says is necessary to deter asylum seekers from attempting perilous sea voyages to Australia, and that it would not back down from its evictions from Manus. The offshore detention policies are backed by the center-right government and the Labor opposition.  The U.N. committee said Australia should cut the period of initial mandatory detention and limit detention overall, and ensure that children were not detained except as a measure of last resort and for the shortest time possible. It urged Australia to ensure the international principle of not sending refugees back to danger was secured in law and adhered to.  The committee was concerned about conditions in Manus and in Nauru, citing serious safety concerns and instances of assault, sexual abuse, self-harm and suspicious deaths. Australia should also consider closing the Christmas Island detention center, which was too remote to ensure protection of people held there, it said. ",1
15248,"For some Palestinians in love, this slum is the only place to live","JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Kafr Aqab is no one s dream destination: the overcrowded neighborhood separated from adjacent East Jerusalem by Israel s barrier in the occupied West Bank is notorious for rutted roads, drugs and violence. But for Palestinians in marriages in which one partner comes from the West Bank and the other from territory Israel had declared to be part of the Israeli state, the slum is a haven where they can live legally together. When 23-year-old Yacout Alqam, a resident of East Jerusalem, first met her fianc , she loved that he was  very kind. Very free. Everything.   There was just one catch:  The problem of identification cards,  said Alqam, the wide smile on her small frame fading.  Hailing from East Jerusalem, Alqam carries an Israeli-issued Jerusalem residency card, which provides her many benefits but not actual citizenship. Israel annexed the area after the 1967 Middle East war in a move not recognized internationally.  Her fiance, Adham Abu Lateefa, 23, is a Palestinian from the West Bank, territory also captured by Israel in 1967 but where the Palestinian Authority administers limited self-rule. Holding a West Bank identification card, Lateefa cannot, under Israeli rules, live in East Jerusalem. Alqam cannot live in the West Bank without risking the loss of her residency permit, as she must prove she resides in Jerusalem to keep it. So along with what residents describe as apartments full of other  mixed  couples, he and Alqam see a solution in a sort of twilight zone, in Kafr Aqab. Since its inhabitants pay Jerusalem municipal taxes, Alqam can live in Kafr Aqab and still be considered an East Jerusalem resident. And because Israel s barrier and a military checkpoint separate Kafr Aqab from the city, her fiance can reside there, even with his West Bank identification card. Thanks to its special status, Kafr Aqab, once a small neighborhood of several thousand people, now has a population in the tens of thousands who live in dilapidated high-rise buildings where apartments sell for about a quarter of what they cost in the rest of East Jerusalem. Haya Khader, a Palestinian teacher from East Jerusalem, married her high school sweetheart, a West Bank resident, 18 years go. Soon after they wed, a Palestinian uprising erupted and Israel built the barrier, calling it a bulwark against attacks on its cities. Palestinians see it as a land grab. Khader said she hates living in Kafr Aqab, where she said  no one is responsible for us , leading to poor municipal services. Israeli authorities rarely venture in, she said, while the Palestinian Authority has no jurisdiction.  Khader said she is resigned to the situation. But Alqam is holding out hope that her fianc  will be granted a permit to live in Jerusalem through Israel s family unification law. (This version of the story corrects cost of apartments in paragraph 10) ",1
15249,"Britain, Russia clash over Syria at chemical weapons body","AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Britain accused Russia on Thursday of carrying out a  thinly veiled political attack  on the head of the world s chemical weapons watchdog, escalating a row over the agency s investigation into toxic attacks in Syria. The comments, made during a session at the Hague-based Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW),  were the latest sign of deep political division at the body over the Syrian conflict. In an Oct. 26 report the U.N.-OPCW investigation team blamed the Syrian government for an April 4 attack using the banned nerve agent sarin in the opposition-held town of Khan Sheikhoun, killing around 80 people. The Syrian government has denied using chemical weapons and Moscow rejected the findings. The mechanism was established in 2015 by the U.N. Security Council to identify individuals, organizations or governments responsible for chemical attacks in Syria. Its mandate expires on Nov. 17, but its work is incomplete. Moscow is poised to veto efforts by Britain, France, Germany and the United States to extend the mandate. U.S. representative Kenneth Ward told delegates at a meeting of the OPCW s 41-member executive council that they were fighting for the future of the Chemical Weapons Convention, the watchdog s founding treaty.  There can be no doubt that since 2013, Syria has engaged in a grotesque and calculated campaign of chemical weapons use,  he said.  Russia continues to deny the truth and, instead, collaborates with the Assad regime.  A draft Russian-Iranian proposal circulated at the OPCW and seen by Reuters called for a new investigation, to be based on samples taken from the attack site. The Syrian government itself has already presented samples from the scene to the investigation team, which tested positive for sarin.  It is a thinly veiled political attack on the professional integrity of the director general,  the British delegation said in a statement, referring to the OPCW s outgoing Turkish head, Ahmet Uzumcu.  It seeks to undermine the capability and competence of the (OPCW).  The Russian delegation at the OPCW could not be reached for comment. Syria joined the OPCW after a sarin attack on Aug. 21, 2013, killed hundreds of people in Ghouta, a district on the outskirts of Damascus. It has said it declared and destroyed all its chemical stockpile, but chemical attacks continue in the country s civil war. ",1
15250,Juncker calls on Europe to reject separatist 'poison' amid Catalonia crisis,"MADRID (Reuters) - European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker on Thursday called on Europe to stand up against separatism at a time when the Catalan independence push has deeply divided Spain. The standoff between Madrid and supporters of Catalan independence, triggered by a banned Oct. 1 referendum splitting with Spain, has stirred separatist feelings far beyond Spanish borders.  Nationalisms are a poison that prevent Europe from working together , said Juncker in a speech at a university Spanish city of Salamanca, where he received an award.  We cannot stay with our arms crossed because it is time for us to do what needs to be done. I say  no  to any form of separatism that weakens Europe and further widens the existing fissures.  Juncker s comments will further disappoint deposed Catalan president, Carles Puigdemont, who went into self-imposed exile in Belgium last week after Spain s central government responded to an independence declaration by firing his administration. Puigdemont had ambitions to garner support for his independence campaign in the heart of the European Union and has appealed for EU intervention, which so far has not been forthcoming. The secessionist drive has dragged Spain into its worst political crisis since the return of democracy four decades ago. The Catalan parliament s speaker and five lawmakers are appearing on Thursday before Spain s Supreme Court in Madrid to answer charges of rebellion and sedition for their roles in staging the referendum. The European Union is also currently facing a huge challenge to its unity in Britain s impending exit from the bloc. The Spanish dispute also bears some similarities with the battle for Scottish separation, which culminated in a 2014 referendum that narrowly rejected independence. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy, who was with Juncker in Salamanca, thanked him for his support  in such difficult times.   Juncker has supported the Spanish government s actions, has expressed his respect for our constitution, our laws and our legal system,  he told students and professors at the event. ",1
15251,Penny Mordaunt appointed new UK aid minister: PM May's office,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May s office confirmed that Penny Mordaunt has been appointed Britain s new minister for international development, replacing Priti Patel who resigned on Wednesday over undisclosed meetings with Israeli officials that breached protocol. ",1
15252,Putin says doping allegations against Russia meant to stir discontent,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin suggested on Thursday that allegations of a state-sponsored doping program in Russia were an attempt to sow discontent ahead of the country s presidential elections.  Reports commissioned by the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) have raised allegations of the existence of a state-run program that included tampering with Russian athletes  positive tests by laboratory and security officials at the 2014 Sochi Games.  The International Olympic Committee (IOC) is now investigating the allegations and has banned six cross-country skiers for life from the Olympics over doping violations at Sochi.   This is what is bothering me: the (Pyeongchang Winter) Olympics start in February, and when are our presidential elections? In March,  RIA Novosti state news agency quoted Putin as saying.  There are big suspicions that all this is being done to create for someone the necessary conditions for discontent among sport lovers, athletes.  Putin, widely expected to stand in and win the elections, also suggested the United States  influence in international sports organizations could be having a deleterious effect on Russia. Putin said the United States was home to  the main companies that order and pay for television rights, the main sponsors and advertisers  of major sporting events.   In retaliation for our alleged meddling in their election, they (the United States) want to create problems in the election of the president of Russia,  Putin said.  Last month, Putin said the IOC was being pressured by the United States to prevent Russia taking part in the 2018 Pyeongchang Winter Olympics. Russia escaped a blanket ban at the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro although it was, and remains, barred from competing in international athletics events. The country s Paralympic Committee and anti-doping agency RUSADA are also still suspended over the doping scandals. Despite repeated calls for cooperation with international bodies to help rid Russia of doping, the authorities have always denied the state s role in the scandal. The IOC has said it will decide during its executive board meeting being held on Dec. 5-7 on the participation of Russian competitors at the 2018 winter games. ",1
15253,Iranian political activist shot dead in Netherlands,"AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - A political activist who founded an Arab nationalist group seeking an independent state inside Iran was shot dead in the Netherlands, police said on Thursday.   Iranian Ahmad Mola Nissi, 52, established the Arab Struggle Movement for the Liberation of Ahwaz (ASMLA), which seeks a separate state in the country s oil-rich southwestern Khuzestan province.   A Dutch police statement said a suspect was detained at the scene of the shooting on Wednesday night in The Hague after trying to flee.  His involvement in the incident is being investigated,  it said.  Emergency services were at the scene quickly and reanimated the victim, but he died shortly later.    Ahvazi Arabs are a minority in mainly ethnic Persian Iran, and some see themselves as under Persian occupation and want independence or autonomy.  They say they are deprived of decent living standards and civil rights. In an interview with Reuters in July, Mola Nissi said the movement wanted to  liberate Ahwaz lands and people from the Iranian occupation.     ASMLA s armed wing, the Mohiuddin al Nasser Martyrs Brigade, has claimed responsibility for several attacks in Iran, including the killing of two members of the elite Revolutionary Guards in January. Shi ite Muslim Iran accuses its main regional adversary, Sunni Muslim Saudi Arabia, of funding separatist groups active in Iran, a charge Riyadh denies. ",1
15254,Syrian army takes last Islamic State bastion in Syria: army statement,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian army and its allies have taken Albu Kamal, Islamic State s last major stronghold in Syria, representing the end of Islamic State s project in the region, the army general command said on Thursday. The army said it is now fighting the last remaining IS pockets in the country s eastern desert, an army statement said.  The liberation of Albu Kamal city is very important because it signals the general fall of the terrorist Daesh organization s project in the region,  a statement from the general command said. Alongside Lebanon s Hezbollah and other Shi ite militias, and backed by Iran and Russia, the Syrian army has recently seized swathes of land from Islamic State. Albu Kamal, on the Euphrates River, is located in Syria s eastern Deir al-Zor province on the Iraqi border. On Wednesday, during the battle, Hezbollah forces entered Iraq and the Iraqi Popular Mobilisation Forces crossed into Syria to help capture the town, a commander in the pro-Damascus alliance told Reuters on Wednesday.   ",1
15255,Syria's Eastern Ghouta faces 'complete catastrophe': U.N.,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The 400,000 civilians besieged in the Syrian enclave of Eastern Ghouta face  complete catastrophe  because aid deliveries are blocked and hundreds of people need urgent medical evacuation, U.N. humanitarian adviser Jan Egeland said on Thursday. Seven people have died because they were not evacuated and 29 more were at imminent risk including 18 children, he told reporters in Geneva after a regular meeting of the U.N. humanitarian taskforce on Syria.  I feel as if we are now returning to some of the bleakest days of this conflict again,  Egeland said.   Nowhere is it as bad as in Eastern Ghouta,  he said of the area, which is surrounded by the army. The area east of Damascus had been  completely sealed off  since September, leaving U.N. aid convoys and evacuations as a potential lifeline facing a  bureaucratic wall of inaction .   We cannot continue like that. If we only get a fraction of what is needed it will be a complete catastrophe,  he said.  What about a ceasefire now in this area and a green light to all medical evacuations?  As well as people wounded in the fighting, there were a growing number of acutely malnourished children, which meant they were very close to dying, he said.   Why men in their 50s and 60s like me stop women and children from getting the medical service that would save their lives is beyond my imagination. It can change tomorrow.  Russian, Syrian and U.N. officials had met in Damascus to try to break the deadlock, both for Eastern Ghouta and for about 55,000 civilians stranded on the Jordanian border in a desolate area known as the Berm.   The first meeting still hasn t produced at all the concrete results that were needed but it is our strong feeling that the Russian Federation wants us to get the access and wants to help us so we are hopeful that this trilateral mechanism will yield results.  The Berm had not received an aid distribution since June, but the United States, Russia and others had worked out a detailed plan to supply aid from Damascus. Despite diplomatic efforts to set up  de-escalation zones  there was still fighting in many areas, including Aleppo, Idlib, Raqqa, Deir al-Zor and Hama, and civilians were being caught in the crossfire. He said the war had lasted longer than the Second World War, and supplies were depleted, so that the coming winter could be the toughest of the war even if it is the last.   This is a man-made disaster, it can end,  Egeland said. ",1
15256,Kurds displaced by Iraq advance fear reprisals if they return,"ZINANA, Iraq (Reuters) - Four hours after first hearing gunfire outside his home, Abu Riwar bundled his wife and six children into his car and drove to a remote village 120 km (75 miles) away.  We left with the clothes on our back and nothing else,  said Abu Riwar, a member of the Kurdish security forces from the ethnically mixed town of Tuz Khurmato, seized last month by Iraqi troops and Iran-backed Shi ite paramilitaries.  If the militias found out I was Peshmerga, they d have slaughtered me.  They burned his home to the ground instead, his neighbors, who captured it on camera, told him. Tuz Khurmato was part of disputed territory, outside the Kurdish region of northern Iraq but held by Kurdish forces known as Peshmerga, until last month, when the central government recaptured it in a lightning advance to punish the Kurds for staging an independence referendum that Baghdad called illegal. The majority of Tuz Khurmato s 50,000 Kurds   around half of the population of the ethnically mixed city   fled the Iraqi advance to Kurdish-held villages and towns in nearby countryside, said Mayor Shalal Abdul. The mayor himself fled to the village of Zinana, 120 km east of Tuz Khurmato, where he spoke to Reuters. Most residents have no plans to return home, citing reports of continuing attacks.  We can t cope if it continues like this,  said the chief of police in Zinana, adding that the government and aid groups had been too slow to respond.  Families have taken over school buildings, houses and the hospital, but we can t turn them out on the streets.  According to the United Nations, more than 180,000 people were displaced by the Iraqi government offensive on disputed territories last month. Aid agencies say most of those displaced are Kurds, though members of other minorities, including some of Tuz Khurmato s Sunni Arabs and Turkmen, also fled. Until Baghdad s offensive, Tuz Khurmato had been jointly administered by Kurdish forces, local police and the Iran-backed Popular Mobilization Forces (PMF) paramilitaries, allied with the town s Shi ite Turkmen population.  Though the Turkmen and the Kurds had worked together to push Islamic State militants out in 2014, the town s fragile coalition soon fell apart and led to open hostilities. In the run-up to the Kurdish independence referendum, tension escalated between the communities. In Zinana, displaced Kurds told Reuters stories of abuse at the hands of the Shi ite paramilitaries who captured Tuz. One man showed a video he had filmed depicting the crushed body of a relative. Family members said the victim had been shot in his car, dragged out alive by paramilitaries and run over by a tank.  He was crushed to death in front of me, by those monsters,  said Abu Alan, the relative who filmed the body.  He was a good man from a good family.  A video circulated on the internet, apparently of the same incident, shows a tank running over a body while uniformed paramilitaries stand by. The paramilitaries deny carrying out any abuse.  Joint patrols by the PMF and government forces are securing the town, to prevent any attacks against Kurds,  said Ali al-Hussaini, a spokesman for the PMF in northern Iraq and a commander of the largest of the armed groups, the Badr Organisation.  It s our job to keep Tuz safe for all sects.  The mayor, who is collecting stories and evidence of abuse, said seven people were killed when the town was captured, including the man who was crushed by the tank and three other civilians. He said he also knew of three women and one man who had been raped. Reuters could not verify those accusations. More than 1,000 businesses and 2,000 homes were looted, burned down or demolished, the mayor said.  He showed Reuters images of houses and shopfronts in Kurdish areas, blown up and scorched, their residents  belongings being carted away by men in military fatigues. Other pictures showed paramilitaries sitting in the mayor s own office, feet propped up on his desk and on his Kurdish flag.  Dozens of people were detained, and some say they were tortured, like Thiaa, a 20-year-old Sunni Turkman from the countryside who had gone to Tuz Khurmato the day after the offensive to check on his sister who was married to a Kurd.  They detained me because I don t speak Arabic, so they thought I was a Kurd,  Thiaa said.  They kept me filthy, hungry and blindfolded in a dark room with three Kurds. They beat us with cables all day long.  One night, fighters put a gun in Thiaa s mouth and threatened to kill him, only to burst out laughing at his panicked tears, he said. He was released after seven days and is now recovering at home from his injuries. The Kurds held with him  had no such luck,  he said. More than five are still missing. ",1
15257,South African security agency files legal complaint against Zuma author,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s State Security Agency (SSA) has made a criminal complaint against the author of a book critical of President Jacob Zuma, a spokesman said on Thursday.  The President s Keepers - Those keeping Zuma in power and out of prison  by journalist Jacques Pauw alleges millions of dollars in taxpayers  money flowed into the bank accounts of spies and members of Zuma s government. The president s office has denied the accusations, saying Zuma had declared all his income to the tax authorities. The SSA last week said the book should be removed from sale as it reveals the names of SSA agents, their operational methods and the agency s classified documents. It also said the book was full of inaccuracies. NB Publishers declined to withdraw the book and Pauw has continued to hold public signings.  Charges have been laid against Mr. Pauw relating to the contravention of several sections of the Intelligence Services Act,  SSA spokesman Brian Dube said. NB Publishers said its lawyers were studying the charges and would respond in due course. Pauw has said the SSA is seeking legal action to distract from revelations in his book about corruption at the agency. ",1
15258,"Thousands of children referred to UK's counter-terrorism scheme, figures show","LONDON (Reuters) - Thousands of children and teenagers, including large numbers of girls, were referred to Britain s often-criticized counter-terrorism program Prevent, new official figures showed on Thursday. Prevent is a key strand of Britain s security strategy which was launched in 2003 to combat extremism after the Sept 11 attacks on the United States. It has grown in prominence since the 2005 suicide attack on London s transport network which killed 52 people and the rise of the Islamic State in recent years.  It has been dogged since its inception by claims that it is used to spy on Muslim communities and a 2015 government edict  instructing public bodies such as schools, health workers and universities to report concerns further exacerbated those fears. The first official Prevent figures from Britain s Home Office (interior ministry) showed that of the 7,631 individuals thought to be at risk of being drawn into terrorism from April 2015 to March 2016, almost a third were children. Of all those referred, only five percent, the 381 assessed to be the most at risk, were eventually deemed to need support from specialist mentors in the voluntary, de-radicalization scheme known as Channel. Some 63 individuals withdrew from the process and the Home Office said there was no data about whether they or any others who had been referred to Prevent or gone through the Channel process had later gone on to be involved in extremism. Two-thirds of Prevent referrals were made over fears of Islamist extremism and 10 percent because of far-right concerns. The vast bulk came from the education sector and police, with 2,127 aged under 15, including 532 girls, and 2,147 aged 15 to 20, with 420 female.  A senior Home Office official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, cited the case of a nine-year-old boy who had been referred to Prevent after he stood up in class and said he supported Islamic State.  The boy, who had been bullied at school, had been watching IS execution videos after searching for news coverage after the Paris attacks. After a year of support, his life was turned around, the official said.  In the last two years the number of teenagers has spiked and the number of teenagers that I ve had who are on the autistic spectrum has also spiked,  one of Channel s Islamist mentors, told reporters.   What IS and these groups have understood is young people need narratives and they ve created narratives which make a very complex world seem very simple.  Britain suffered four militant attacks this year that killed 36 people - the deadliest spate since the London  7/7  bombings of 2005.   Britain s Home Secretary has been meeting representatives of leading U.S. tech firms Facebook, Google, Microsoft and Twitter in Washington this week as part of her ongoing effort for them to do more to tackle online extremism. A Prevent coordinator said the proliferation of extremist online content was an accelerant rather than a cause.  It s the petrol going on the fire, but it s not the tinder which sparks the flame in the first place,  he said. ",1
15259,Turkey detains more than 160 Islamic State suspects in Ankara,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish police have detained 165 people over suspected links to Islamic State in Ankara and have arrest warrants for a total of 245 suspects in the capital and surrounding province, state-run Anadolu news agency said on Thursday. It said 1,500 police officers took part in the operation across Ankara province, raiding 250 addresses. No further details were immediately available. Private broadcaster CNNTurk said police in the northwestern city of Bursa also detained 27 suspects including some Syrian nationals over alleged links to Islamic State. They confiscated documents and materials linked to the organization during raids at the addresses of some suspects, it said. ",1
15260,"Saudi king appoints 30 judges, promotes 26 amid anti-graft purge","DUBAI (Reuters) - King Salman has appointed or promoted 56 judges, Saudi Arabia s state news agency SPA reported on Thursday, a step coinciding with an anti-corruption crackdown in the kingdom.  The king issued a royal order that promoted 26 judges and appointed 30 others at different levels of the judiciary, SPA said.  Saudi authorities have arrested dozens of royal family members, officials and businessmen in the anti-graft purge that began on Saturday. They face allegations of money laundering, bribery, extortion and exploiting public office for personal gain. It was unclear if the judges will have any role in the widening crackdown. Regulators in the United Arab Emirates have asked banks for information about citizens detained in the investigation, a possible prelude to freezing their accounts. Saudi Arabia has announced it will confiscate assets improperly acquired, and while Riyadh has set no timetable for any such confiscations, banking sources say more than 1,700 domestic bank accounts have already been frozen at the request of the central bank. Huge amounts of money may be at stake. Corruption has over the years siphoned off $800 billion from Saudi state revenues and bankers believe much of it is held abroad, in countries including Switzerland and Britain. ",1
15261,"Saudi says 208 questioned in graft probe, at least $100 billion stolen","DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia s attorney-general said on Thursday that 208 people have been called in for questioning in a sweeping anti-corruption investigation, and seven of them had been released without charge.  Based on our investigations over the past three years, we estimate that at least $100 billion has been misused through systematic corruption and embezzlement over several decades,  Sheikh Saud al-Mojeb said in a statement. He repeated statements by other top officials that normal commercial activity had not been affected by the crackdown, and that only personal bank accounts had been frozen, not corporate accounts.  Companies and banks are free to continue with transactions as usual.  ",1
15262,Trump's stop in Vietnam a poignant one for U.S. veterans,"DANANG, Vietnam (Reuters) - Whether they like President Donald Trump or not, the U.S. veterans who gather at Hoa s Place in Danang show little concern that he avoided the war that marked their lives. Trump flies into the Vietnamese resort of Danang on Friday for a summit of Asia-Pacific leaders, landing in a city that for many Americans of his generation was their first sight of Vietnam - and of war.  He ll finally be able to put on his resume that he was in Vietnam,  said David Clark, 68, who is originally from Akron, Ohio and calls Trump  a joke . After serving in Vietnam from 1968 to 1969 with the Marine Corps, he has now returned to help with projects to address the legacy of the war. Trump never served in the military. He received five deferments during the Vietnam War, including one for bone spurs in his heel, the New York Times reported last year. The paper quoted Trump as saying the bones spurs had been  temporary .      Everyone I know tried to avoid it,  said draftee Keith Soukkala, sipping a beer at Hoa s Place, a favored bar of veterans near Danang s  China Beach .  I stayed out as long as I could but I didn t have any bone spurs,  said Soukkala, who splits his time between Vietnam and Alaska and said he voted for Trump. At 73, he is two years older than Trump and recalls landing in Danang to the humid heat and  a certain smell in the air  at the start of a 13-month tour with the Marine Corps dodging bombs hidden by the communist Viet Cong guerrillas. The seaside resort of Danang has a special place in U.S.-Vietnamese history: it was here that the first U.S. ground troops disembarked in 1965 in the escalation of a war that would last another decade before the communist victory. Close to some of the heaviest fighting in central Vietnam, Danang had a big U.S. air base. China Beach was a relaxation spot for U.S. soldiers back from combat. Now, Danang s beachfront hotels draw tourists from around the world. Gleaming office towers mark it out as one of Vietnam s most modern cities and one the communist government sought to showcase with the hosting of the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit which Trump will attend. It s also home to a community of U.S. veterans who returned to a country where a recent Pew Research survey showed the United States was viewed favorably by 84 percent of people. Clark came back in 2013 for a year and is still in Danang, busy with projects to destroy unexploded U.S. bombs and help families affected by the Agent Orange defoliant linked to illness and deformity. Mark O Connor, 67, of Sioux Falls, South Dakota, and once part of a helicopter assault team, visits as often as he can to provide bicycles to children in hill villages.      On this visit, though, he said he had come back in the hope of seeing Trump - his support unaffected by the fact the president had not served in Vietnam.  You know, more power to him,  he said.  You can t feel bad about him and not feel bad about everyone who went to Canada to avoid the draft.  ",1
15263,"U.N. watchdog tells Congo to hold election, clean up human rights","GENEVA (Reuters) - The U.N. Human Rights Committee on Thursday gave Democratic Republic of Congo a year to report on actions it has taken to hold free and fair elections and clean up its rights record. The United Nations watchdog, whose 18 independent experts monitor countries  compliance with a global human rights treaty, said Congo should come back with an explanation by Nov. 10, 2018, rather than after the regular four years between reviews. Congo should  cooperate with all stakeholders to establish an agreed electoral calendar for the holding of free, peaceful and honest elections as soon as possible , the committee said in its report on the central African country. Congo s electoral commission said on Sunday the election to replace President Joseph Kabila, originally scheduled for late 2016 and repeatedly delayed, would be held on Dec. 23, 2018. The main opposition parties have rejected the date, saying it broke the law and an agreement to go to the polls this year.  The African Union has said the new electoral timetable must be  scrupulously respected  and U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley has said citizens are  hungry for democracy and new leadership .  Further delays and attempts to hold onto power will only serve to isolate the DRC s leaders and government,  she said on Monday. The U.N. committee s report also said Kabila s government should put an end to intimidation and human rights violations against opposition candidates, and ensure they were protected.  The government should take steps to make judges, officials and the public aware of the rights guaranteed by the U.N. treaty, it said, listing shortcomings such as the treatment of women and indigenous minorities, torture, extrajudicial killings, child labor and arbitrary detention.  Sexual violence was persistent both in peaceful areas and in conflict zones, where it was used as a weapon of war by armed groups and by Congolese soldiers alike, the committee said. It was particularly concerned about the situation in the Kasai region, where the United Nations has said a rebel militia largely composed of children has been confronted by a militia suspected of a campaign of ethnic massacres and rapes. The United Nations has set up a fact-finding mission to investigate the Kasai atrocities, although the government has insisted Congo s justice system is in charge. It has acknowledged isolated human rights violations in the Kasai conflict and other conflict zones but denies its troops systematically use disproportionate force.  But the U.N. committee said Congo s National Human Rights Commission was unable to operate outside Kinshasa, had received no funds since March 2017, and was not regarded as independent.     ",1
15264,"Deep in Yemen war, Saudi fight against Iran falters","MARIB, Yemen (Reuters) - At a hospital in the Yemeni city of Marib, demand for artificial limbs from victims of the country s war is so high that prosthetics are made on site in a special workshop. A soldier with an artificial arm hitches up his robe to reveal a stump where his leg once was. He is angry that authorities have done little to help him since he was wounded.   I was at the front and a mortar exploded near me. We fought well, but now I get no salary, no support from the government or anyone. They just left us,  said Hassan Meigan. More than two years into a war that has already left 10,000 dead, regional power Saudi Arabia is struggling to pull together an effective local military force to defeat the Iranian-aligned Houthi movement that has seized large parts of Yemen. The dysfunction is a reminder to Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman that his campaign to counter arch-enemy Iran in the Middle East, including threats against Tehran s ally Hezbollah, may be hard to implement. During a rare visit to a large area of Yemeni territory controlled by the pro-Saudi government, journalists saw a patchwork of mutually suspicious army units, whose loyalty to disparate regions and commanders has hindered their war against Houthi fighters. Some soldiers appeared to be hunkering down in their bases rather than joining the fight. Those who do fight say salaries go unpaid for months. The front lines have barely moved for months. Saudi Arabia has sought to create a unified military force based in Marib, but these troops have failed to eject the Houthis from the nearby capital Sanaa, where the Saudis see the rebels as a threat to their national security. With Saudi politics in turmoil after a wave of high-profile arrests and Iranian influence growing, Yemeni officers recognize the importance of an effective army but acknowledge that success still eludes them.  Empowering the National Army and unifying all weapons and authority under it is our goal. This is what we re trying to accomplish so we can end the war with a military victory,  Brigadier General Marzooq al-Seyadi, a top Yemeni commander, told Reuters.  The difficulties until now in achieving this in the face of local and ideological factors have posed problems ... but with the aid of the Arab Coalition and the United States, which provides daily advice and support to our side, we will succeed.  A coalition spokesman, Colonel Turki al-Malki, said in September that the mission was to back Yemen  whether it s inside the country by supporting the Yemeni National Army or defending the borders and territory of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia . Sunni Saudi Arabia has led the mostly Gulf Arab coalition against the Shi ite Houthis, since they seized the Yemeni capital and fanned out across the country. But the Houthis  rump state in Yemen s Western highlands has weathered thousands of Saudi-led air strikes that have been aided by refueling and intelligence from the United States. Denying they are a pawn of Iran, the Houthis say they are fighting to fend off a mercenary army in the thrall of the Gulf and the West. The group launched a missile toward Riyadh s main airport on Saturday, which Saudi Arabia said was a declaration of war by Tehran. But after years of fighting that have ravaged the deeply poor country with hunger and disease, even some of Saudi Arabia s staunchest allies in Yemen say they are angry at being manipulated from abroad.  We re fighting as proxies ... (Western powers) can end the war in Yemen. They can pressure Iran and Saudi Arabia, solve their issues and their differences,  said Ali Abd-Rabbu al-Qadhi, a lawmaker and tribal leader from Marib.  It s Yemeni blood that s being shed ... We re one society with common roots and one religion, but the international conflict has brought us to where we are,  said al-Qadhi, who wore a holstered pistol over his traditional Yemeni sarong. Despite the lack of progress on the battlefield, some soldiers on the dusty streets of Marib appeared eager to fight.  Onward to Sanaa, God willing!  smiled Abdullah al-Sufi, 20, whose khaki fatigues hung loose on his gangly frame.  We know there are foreign conspiracies on Yemeni soil, there are problems, there are setbacks. But we are fighting for our country and for our homes, that s the important thing.  As war started in March 2015, after Saudi Prince Mohammed sent in troops, Yemen s most powerful units had already sided with Houthi militiamen to rain rockets and tank fire on Marib, which the fledgling new army and allied tribes repelled. In the most ambitious military adventure in their history, troops from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates took part in that fight, but were stung by scores of combat deaths. The Arab forces have largely pulled back to a support role in bases far from the front line. Now units trained by Saudi Arabia fight in scattered theaters with little obvious coordination, loyal to different parties and local leaders in a society awash with guns and notorious for its fickle politics. The kingdom supports brigades adhering to Sunni Islam s puritanical Salafi school in Western Yemen, while also backing the Muslim Brotherhood around Marib and loyalists of exiled President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi in the south. Additionally, the United Arab Emirates, - the other key Gulf power in the anti-Iran war effort in Yemen - has armed and trained formidable units across southern and eastern Yemen. To add to the confusion, these fighters despise the Houthis as well as pro-Saudi units in northern Yemen.  Displayed on walls all over Marib, portraits of slain soldiers are captioned with poems praising them as  martyrs  and  lions.   My son is sixteen. He said  dad, give me a gun, I want to fight.  He goes to the front now. No father is happy with this, but what can we do? This is a war, this is the situation we re in,  said one Marib veteran. Yemen s government also appears to be living through difficult times. President Hadi has been in Riyadh since being ejected from his country by the Houthis, and sources said his hosts have banned him from traveling for over a month, citing poor security in Yemen. Officials in his office denied the reports. But the Saudi response this week to the Houthi ballistic missile - to close all ports, borders and airspace, the majority of which are nominally under Hadi s control - appeared to deal an unprecedented rebuke to their ally. Activist Khalid Baqlan expressed the fear of many young people and professionals that the errors of a weak government and foreign powers were hollowing out Yemeni society.   What we re seeing is not the building of real state institutions but the empowerment of groups with competing agendas who could fight in the future, benefiting no one,  said Baqlan, from the Saba Youth Council, a civil society group.  There has to be a political solution, it s the only way to save the country.  Yemen's stalemated war: tmsnrt.rs/2zshXBc ",1
15265,Armed separatists occupy villages near Freeport's Indonesia mine,"JAKARTA/TIMIKA, Indonesia (Reuters) - Armed separatists have occupied five villages in Indonesia s Papua province, threatening to disrupt Freeport-McMoRan Inc s giant Grasberg copper mine, which has already been hit this year by labor unrest and a dispute over operating rights. A state of emergency has been declared and around 300 additional security forces have been deployed to the mining area of the eastern province after a string of shootings since Aug. 17 that killed one police officer and wounded six.  They want to disrupt Freeport s operations,  said Suryadi Diaz, a spokesman for the Papua police.  (Freeport) is rich but they are poor, so they just want justice,  Diaz said, adding that the militants were a splinter group of the separatist Free Papua Movement (OPM). Freeport Indonesia spokesman Riza Pratama said the company was  deeply concerned  about security and was using armored cars and helicopters to ferry workers to and from the Grasberg mine in the province s Mimika regency. He said attacks had been launched along the road near the town of Tembagapura, about 10 km (6 miles) from the mine, where families of employees - including expatriates - live. He added that so far there had been no impact on production and shipments from Grasberg, the world s second-biggest copper mine. Last year Freeport Indonesia contributed about a quarter of the parent company s global sales of 4.23 billion pounds (1.92 million tonnes) of copper. Arizona-based Freeport, the world s largest publicly listed copper producer, has been grappling with labor problems at Grasberg and a lengthy dispute with the Indonesian government over rights to the mine. The mine has also be dogged by major concerns over security due to a low-level conflict waged by pro-independence rebels in Papua for decades. Between 2009 and 2015, shootings within the mine project area killed 20 people and wounded 59. Papua and neighboring West Papua provinces make up the western half of an island north of Australia, with independent Papua New Guinea to the east. The provinces have been plagued by separatist violence since they were incorporated into Indonesia after a widely criticized U.N.-backed referendum in 1969. President Joko Widodo has sought to ease tension in the two provinces by stepping up investment, freeing political prisoners and addressing human rights concerns. Police spokesman Diaz said around 1,000 local residents and migrant workers who pan for gold in Mimika were being prevented by the separatists from leaving the five villages. Security forces had entered the occupied area on Thursday, police and military sources told Reuters, but it was not clear if they had been able to evacuate any of the residents.  We are trying to maximize protection for the community ... because people have been raped and some have had goods stolen,  Papua Police chief Boy Rafli Amar told Reuters. The water supply of Tembagapura town had also been contaminated with kerosene, Boy said, but police had not been able to ascertain if it was an act of sabotage by the same group. Andreas Harsono of Human Rights Watch said police statements on the matter  should not be taken for granted, due to decades of independent journalists  restrictions in Papua.  In a video purported to come from the National Liberation Army (TPN-OPM), part of the OPM group, dated Sept. 29, a guerrilla action coordinator named as Joni Beanal reads out an open letter warning of attacks on Freeport in order  to destroy it .  The main reason for the integration of Papua into Indonesia was a conspiracy by America and Indonesia in the interests of mining exploitation by Freeport MacMoran in Papuan soil,  the coordinator said in the video seen by Reuters. Reuters was not able to verify the authenticity of the video. Papua police spokesman Diaz dismissed the recording as  old . Freeport spokesman Pratama declined to comment on the matter. Papua Military Commander Major General George Elnadus Supit said the TPN-OPM posed no significant threat and were  just wild thieves who are perhaps being used by a separatist group . Concord Consulting group warned that a harsh crackdown on the militant group could backfire.  Militants in Mimika will be able to hide among the local population   many of whom share their rejection of Indonesian rule,  the security consultancy said in a note on Wednesday. Freeport contributed $20 million toward Indonesian government-provided security protecting workers and infrastructure in 2016, about one-third of its local security budget. The company paid $668 million to the Indonesian government last year in income taxes, royalties and export duties, making it one of the country s single largest taxpayers. The Panguna copper and gold mine in neighboring Papua New Guinea was abandoned in 1989 after a campaign of sabotage by the rebel Bougainville Revolutionary Army. Echoing the situation in Papua, there was deep resentment among the indigenous Bougainville people about the wealth going to the Papua New Guinea central government and the mine s then operator, Conzinc Riotinto of Australia Ltd, a forerunner of Rio Tinto. ",1
15266,Trump's $250 billion China 'miracle' adds gloss to 'off-kilter' trade,"BEIJING/SHANGHAI (Reuters) - President Donald Trump can return to the United States claiming to have snagged over $250 billion in deals from his maiden trip to Beijing. Whether those deals live up to the lofty price tag is another question altogether. Watched by Trump and China s President Xi Jinping at a signing ceremony in Beijing, U.S. planemaker Boeing Co, General Electric Co and chip giant Qualcomm Inc sealed lucrative multi-billion dollar deals.  This is truly a miracle,  China s Commerce Minister Zhong Shan said at a briefing in Beijing. The quarter of a trillion dollar haul underscores how Trump is keen to be seen to address a trade deficit with the world s second-largest economy that he has long railed against and called  shockingly high  on Thursday. But U.S. businesses still have many long-standing concerns to complain about, including unfettered access to the China market, cybersecurity and the growing presence of China s ruling Communist Party inside foreign firms. William Zarit, chairman of the American Chamber of Commerce in China, said the deals pointed to  a strong, vibrant bilateral economic relationship  between the two countries.  Yet we still need to focus on leveling the playing field, because U.S. companies continue to be disadvantaged doing business in China.  U.S. tech companies like Facebook Inc and Google are mostly blocked in China. Automakers Ford Motor Co and General Motors must operate through joint ventures, while Hollywood movies face a strict quota system.  (These deals) allow Trump to portray himself as a master dealmaker, while distracting from a lack of progress on structural reforms to the bilateral trade relationship,  Hugo Brennan, Asia analyst at risk consultancy Verisk Maplecroft, said in a note. Some huge deals were announced. Among them is a 20-year $83.7 billion investment by China Energy Investment Corp in shale gas developments and chemical manufacturing projects in West Virginia, a major energy producing state that voted heavily for Trump in the 2016 election. [  The massive size of this energy undertaking and level of collaboration between our two countries is unprecedented,  West Virginia Secretary of Commerce H. Wood Thrasher said in a statement. It marks the first major overseas investment for the newly founded China Energy, which formed from the merger of China Shenhua Group, the country s largest coal producer and China Guodian Corp, one of China s top five utilities. However, as is often the case during state visits, many of the deals were packaged as  non-binding  agreements, gave scant details or rolled over existing tie-ups, helping pump up the headline figure.  I am somewhat skeptical of such a large number,  Alex Wolf, senior emerging markets economist at Aberdeen Standard Investments, told the Reuters Global Markets Forum, adding that the overall tone of the visit so far had been  positive .  I suspect they might be primarily MOUs (memorandum of understandings) instead of actual contracts and the actual contract amount may be substantially less.  Qualcomm signed non-binding agreements worth $12 billion with Xiaomi, OPPO and Vivo, three Chinese handset makers that the firm said it had  longstanding relationships  with. Qualcomm already earns more than half of its revenues in China. Boeing announced a deal with state-run China Aviation Suppliers Holding Co to sell 300 Boeing jets with a valuation of $37 billion at list prices, though analysts said it was unclear how many of these were new orders.   Interesting to see how many of those are past agreements/purchase orders repackaged. Beijing is a master of selling the same agreement 10 times,  former Mexican ambassador to China Jorge Guajardo posted on Twitter. Speaking alongside Trump in Beijing as they announced the deals, Xi said the Chinese economy would become increasingly open and transparent to foreign firms, including those from the United States, and welcomed U.S. companies to participate in his ambitious  Belt and Road  infrastructure-led initiative. Trump made clear he blamed his predecessors, not China, for allowing the U.s. trade deficit to get  out of kilter , and repeatedly praised Xi, calling him  a very special man .  But we will make it fair and it will be tremendous for both of us,  Trump said.  Xi smiled widely when Trump said he does not blame China for the deficit. Asked whether the big package of deals would go some way towards helping fix American trade concerns in China, executives were cautiously optimistic.  Generally the sense was that this is all a good thing, and that s great,  said Gentry Sayad, a Shanghai-based lawyer who attended the trade delegation event in Beijing.   Now let s see what really happens and whether or not the agreements signed during this trip can become a basis for a better bilateral trade relationship going forward.   ",1
15267,Mattis looking at ways to bring Russia into compliance with arms control treaty,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Thursday he had discussed Russia s violation of an arms control treaty with his NATO counterparts and they were looking at how to bring Moscow into compliance with it.  We have a firm belief now over several years that the Russians have violated the INF and our effort is to bring Russia back into compliance,  Mattis said, speaking with reporters during a meeting of NATO defense ministers. U.S. officials have said Russia has deployed a cruise missile despite complaints by Washington that it violates the arms control treaty banning ground-based, U.S. and Russian intermediate-range missiles. Russia however, has said in the past that it appears that Washington, now in the midst of a $1 trillion, 30-year modernization of its ageing ballistic missile submarines, bombers and land-based missiles, that was in breach of the same treaty.  Many of the nations already have their own evidence of what Russia has been up to and we have been in active discussions amongst ourselves on the issue,  Mattis said. He added that the United States and NATO would be engaging with Russia to try and resolve the issue.  ",1
15268,South Korea's Moon unveils new focus on Southeast Asia,"BOGOR, Indonesia (Reuters) - South Korean President Moon Jae-in on Thursday unveiled a new policy aimed at deepening ties with Southeast Asia, as the North Asian economic powerhouse seeks to curb its reliance on traditional trading partners like China and the United States. Moon made Indonesia, Southeast Asia s biggest economy, his first state visit to the region and was accompanied by a delegation of around 200 business leaders.   The  New Southern Policy  aims to better connect South Korea to the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) grouping and expand the economic influence of Asia s fourth-largest economy in the region home to more than half a billion people.  Korean diplomacy in Asia has been more toward Japan, China and Russia. But I see that it should expand to new horizons,  Moon told a business forum in Jakarta, where he pledged to  dramatically strengthen cooperation with ASEAN .  South Korea s presidential Blue House has said the policy will mirror Moon s  New Northern Policy  aimed at expanding cooperation with China, Japan, Russia, and Mongolia. Indonesia and South Korea signed on Thursday a memorandum of understanding on a light rail transit (LRT) system in Jakarta, part of a series of pacts reported to be worth up to $1.9 billion.   A recent year-long diplomatic standoff between Seoul and Beijing over the deployment of a U.S. anti-missile system has exposed the dependence of Korean companies on Chinese customers  and likely exacerbated Seoul s urgency to diversify ties.  During a joint news conference with U.S. President Donald Trump this week, Moon said he was aiming for a more  balanced diplomacy,  which would include Russia, ASEAN countries, and members of the European Union. Moon held talks with Indonesian President Joko Widodo at a state palace in Bogor, south of Jakarta, and discussed infrastructure, trade, and also tension on the Korean peninsula.  I appreciate President Moon s position that he remains open to resolving any disputes through dialogue,  Widodo told a news conference in the Dutch colonial-style palace.  Indonesia has traditionally had good relations with North Korea and maintains diplomatic ties and is one of a small number of countries with an embassy in Pyongyang.  A number of South Korean companies already have or are planning big investments in Indonesia. Steel giant POSCO has a multi-billion-dollar joint venture with Indonesia s Krakatau Steel, Hyundai Motor is setting up a car factory, and Samsung Electronics Co assembles smartphones in the country. Indonesia is also emerging as an important market for South Korean defense equipment and the countries are cooperating on a venture to jointly build a fighter plane, dubbed KF-X. Moon said South Korea aimed to boost trade with Indonesia to $30 billion by 2022 and eventually to more than $50 billion. Trade between the countries was worth about $10 billion in the first nine months of 2017, up nearly a fifth from the corresponding 2016 period. Korean foreign direct investment rose about a quarter to $1.37 billion. Both leaders said the relationship between the countries had been redefined as a  Special Strategic Partnership .     South Koreans make up one of Indonesia s largest expatriate groups, with numerous Korean restaurants and bars in parts of Jakarta. Besides corporate muscle, Korea s soft power has also grown in Indonesia alongside other countries in Southeast Asia. Korean K-Pop is hugely popular among Indonesians, with long-established fan clubs and bands, like BTS, touring the Southeast Asian country. Indonesian Twitter accounts dedicated to Korean pop idols have around a million followers. ",1
15269,'Made in Syria': Refugees in Germany drive exports from home,"HAMBURG (Reuters) - Many Syrian refugees in Germany have resigned themselves to the reality that there will be no swift return to the land of their birth, where a civil war is nearing the start of its eighth year. They are starting to build new lives in their host country, driving up demand for  Made in Syria  goods there as they seek to soothe homesickness with a precious slice of their old lives. Products popular among the half a million Syrians, who mainly arrived over the last three years, range from nuts, sweets and sesame paste to clothes, vertical spinning grillers used to make shawarma meat in diners and hair removal wax.  People want the very same things they were used to in Syria,  said trader Anas Msouty, sitting in his dim underground office near Hamburg Port as workers sorted out parcels of baklawa sweets and clothes that had just arrived from Syria.  The German market is full of similar products from Turkey, but Syrians want Syrian (goods),  added the father-of-six, who had to abandon his Islamic women s clothing factory outside Damascus when he fled the country. Orders have grown 25-fold since Msouty set up his trading firm Sajeda three months after his arrival in Germany in early 2016. He now imports 25 tonnes of Syrian goods a month. He is not alone in capitalizing on this trend; dozens of Syrian restaurants, stores and supermarkets have sprung up in all major German cities over the past two years, with more opening every month. In Berlin alone, at least half a dozen new Syrian eateries and as many supermarkets have opened this year.  The rise in demand for Syrian goods is contributing to a gradual revival in Syrian exports to Germany, which has taken in more Syrian refugees than any other Western nation. Exports from Syria rose to 15.5 million euros ($17.9 million) in 2016 and totaled 8 million euros in the first five months of this year alone, according to official German data. This is still a far cry from the pre-war level when non-oil Syrian exports to Germany totaled around $100 million a year. More than 5 million Syrians - almost a quarter of the pre-war population - have fled the Middle Eastern nation, according to the United Nations. It is unclear how much support rising demand for Syrian goods among refugee populations in Germany and elsewhere may be having on Syria s shattered economy. Little data is available from the war zone. The revival in trade in Germany nonetheless appears to have coincided with a bottoming out of economic activity in Syria.  The World Bank estimates the country s gross domestic product contracted by an accumulated 61 percent in 2011-2015, but in 2016 it shrunk by only 2 percent, though it mainly puts the improvement down to a slowing in the population exodus. Msouty, who supplies Syrian individuals and businesses in Germany, said he was proud of his contribution to recovering Syrian exports, which he said is providing much-needed income to factory owners and workers in Syria.  We are resuscitating the Syrian economy,  he said.  In Berlin, the boulevard of Sonnenallee - dubbed  Arab Street  for its abundance of Arabic shop signs - has become one of the most popular shopping destinations and hangouts for the capital s Syrian refugees. It boasts three Syrian supermarkets, two Syrian restaurants and one Syrian sweet shop, which have all opened over the past two years.  This is just a smell of home,  said Houda Bayyad, a veiled young mother shopping at one of the supermarkets, which opened in recent weeks.  It doesn t solve our problems like learning German and finding a job. But it makes our life here easier,  said the 20-year-old, holding a jar of Makdous, a Syrian delicacy of baby aubergines stuffed with walnuts, garlic and sun-dried red peppers pickled in olive oil.  Most Syrian goods come from factories in areas under government control mainly in and around Damascus but also from Aleppo. Three companies in Damascus that supply Msouty with goods declined to comment when contacted by Reuters. The products are transported in trucks through relatively safe areas under government control to the port of Latakia in northern Syria and loaded onto container ships bound for Hamburg. Other products come by plane via Beirut. This trade is proving indispensable for Syrians setting up  businesses in Germany.  Sweet shops, and coffee and nut roasters, need specialized machines to make sweet and salty delights such as baklawa and roasted kernels. They prefer to import equipment from Syria as it is cheaper than to buy them in Germany from European or Turkish manufacturers. Restaurateurs depend on specialty raw ingredients to recreate the flavors that Syrians crave. L Amira Falafel, a Syrian restaurant in Hamburg that opened in 2015, has proved so popular that it has now opened at a second location in the northern city.   Our main goal was to make sure that everything we prepare tastes like in Syria,  said Mohammad Abou Saeed, co-owner of the eateries where it is hard to find a table any time of the day.  To do that we needed the same sesame paste, pickles and spices we used in Syria,  he added, gesturing at a waiter to bring baked bread to a couple who had just walked in.   It makes us very happy when diners tell us our food reminds them of Syria.   ",1
15270,Egyptian lawmaker to propose anti-gay bill as part of crackdown,"CAIRO (Reuters) - An Egyptian lawmaker is introducing a draft bill that would imprison those engaging in or promoting same-sex relations, a copy of the draft seen by Reuters on Thursday showed. Amnesty International said the bill is  another nail in the coffin for sexual rights in Egypt  and should be scrapped. It would introduce sentences of to up to 10 years in prison for people engaging in or promoting same-sex relations. The law is part of a wider crackdown against homosexuality that started in September when a group of people were seen raising a rainbow flag at a concert, a rare public show of support for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender rights in the conservative Muslim country.  If passed, this law would further entrench stigma and abuse against people based on their perceived sexual orientation,  said Najia Bounaim, North Africa Campaigns Director at Amnesty International.  The Egyptian authorities must urgently scrap this draft law and put an end to this alarming wave of homophobic persecution,  Bounaim added. The crackdown comes as Egypt, a main Western ally in the Middle East, is under fire for its human rights record and the United States has withheld some of its $1.3 billion in annual military aid. At least 70 people have been arrested and some have been subjected to anal examinations that amount to torture since September. Homosexuality is not specifically outlawed in Egypt but discrimination is rife. Gay men are frequently arrested and typically charged with debauchery, immorality or blasphemy. Egyptian authorities do not deny going after gays. Gay men and rights activists say the LGBT community has been facing an aggressive crackdown since 2013, when President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi as military chief ousted President Mohamed Mursi, an Islamist. ",1
15271,Hilltop tribe's bitterness a challenge for Libya peace effort,"BANI WALID, Libya (Reuters) - Elders of a powerful tribe that defended the regime of former leader Muammar Gaddafi have a message for the United Nations as it tries to broker peace in Libya - talk to us or you will fail.    The U.N. launched a new round of negotiations in September to unite a country that splintered along political, ideological and tribal lines during and after the 2011 NATO-backed uprising that unseated Gaddafi.    Western officials hope the talks will pave the way for elections next year and produce a functioning government that could curb militant activity, tackle migrant smuggling and stabilize the oil-rich nation s rapidly deteriorating economy. But conversations with the robed elders of the Warfalla tribe at their meeting in a hall in the former Gaddafi stronghold of Bani Walid show how difficult that will be. Located 145km (90 miles) southeast of Tripoli, the isolated hilltop town did not accept the fall of Gaddafi in 2011 and held out against rebels two months longer than the capital.    We are for dialogue... but the U.N. has never contacted us,  said Muftah Eftais, leader of the council of elders.  Winning over losers of the 2011 revolution will be key to stabilizing the North African country. The Warfalla account for 1.5 million out of six million Libyans, according to the elders council.     We are represented in all regions. If the U.N. wants a solution for Libya you need to talk (to us) the tribes,  said Eftais, drawing words of support from the assembled tribesmen.   The U.N. Libya office said its envoy, Ghassan Salame, met a group of Libyan notables including a Warfalla representative from Bani Walid in late October, and that other members of the U.N. mission had been in touch with town officials on political, human rights, humanitarian and economic matters.  At least two Warfalla delegates have also taken part in the latest talks in Tunis, a U.N. official said, but Eftais said the elders did not feel represented by them, highlighting Libya s multi-layered divisions. Bani Walid residents express their loyalty to the old regime much more openly than they did on a Reuters visit to the town in 2014. In the main square a Gaddafi-era green flag is hoisted next to pictures of  martyrs  killed in the 2011 violence and subsequent fighting. The elders govern Bani Walid and control their own armed force, in the absence of any national authority or army. Asked if life was better under Gaddafi, several exclaimed:  We were in paradise.  Cut off from Tripoli, they said their town has suffered even more than others from late public salary payments that have left people across the country struggling to get by, and from what they say are arbitrary detentions for their support of Gaddafi.  None of us 60 elders have been to Tripoli since 2011 because we fear getting arrested,  Eftais said. Two elders died in an ambush by unidentified gun men on the way home from peace talks in a town west of Bani Walid. Some say claims of isolation and discrimination are exaggerated.  The problem with Bani Walid is that they sided with Gaddafi and Gaddafi lost, and they can t live with that,  said Abdulrahman Swehli, the head Tripoli s High State Council who is from the rival town of Misrata.        Economic troubles have deepened in Libya since 2014, when a battle for the capital led to rival parliaments and governments being set up in Tripoli and the east. A 2015 agreement sought to unite the two camps but instead created a third, U.N.-selected government, led by Prime Minister Fayez Seraj. It has struggled to make an impact after failing to win approval from military commander Khalifa Haftar, the dominant figure in eastern Libya.   The new U.N. talks, held in Tunis, were suspended last month as neither side could agree on what role Haftar should play. He is said to have presidential ambitions but is a divisive figure. The Bani Walid elders say they do not support either camp.      We are neither with Seraj nor with Haftar. Since 2011 the same people have been... in the GNC (parliament), government, playing musical chairs,  said Eftais. The elders want the talks to take place in Libya, under the supervision of Libyans.  After negotiations between rival parliaments, the U.N. says it is planning a  national conference  that would gather hundreds of representatives from across Libya and make any deal as inclusive as possible, bridging deep communal rifts. Bani Walid s enmity with Misrata, a wealthy port city 125 km to the northeast, shows how deep such divisions can run. Historical hostility between two communities that fought in the early 20th century was reignited when Misrata was shelled for weeks by Gaddafi forces in 2011. The following year, Bani Walid was attacked by fighters from Misrata and other towns, who daubed slogans on the walls that can still be seen today.  In 2014 Misratans became the dominant force in Tripoli and the main source of military opposition to Haftar. But Misratan Islamist-leaning armed groups have been sidelined, while Haftar has managed to consolidate power in the east with help from tribal allies and foreign backers including Egypt and the United Arab Emirates. As in other towns that forged alliances with Gaddafi during his 42-year rule, many in Bani Walid are nostalgic. State employees are often unpaid, schools and hospitals have been run down, and citizens have been caught up in the intermittent conflict.  Several residents said they would vote for the late Gaddafi s most prominent son, Saif al-Islam, who made a last stand in Bani Walid before disappearing into the desert. His whereabouts are not clear.   Life was 100 times better under the old system. We had security, a salary, health care,  said Mohamed Hussein, a 40-year old who was searching with his cousin for iron in the ruins of hotel.    We are trying to sell the iron for maybe 10 dinars $1.2 on the black market) because our salaries have not come through.       The hotel has not been rebuilt as a drop in oil revenues due to armed group blockades has left little spare cash in what was once one of the richest countries in the Middle East. ",1
15272,"German killer nurse's suspected death toll rises above 100, police say","FRANKFURT (Reuters) - A German nurse serving a prison sentence for murdering two patients is suspected of killing a total of 102 people, more than previously known, police and public prosecutors said on Thursday.  That would make him Germany s deadliest serial killer if he was found guilty. The man, identified only as Niels H. under reporting rules, has admitted to deliberately injecting patients at two clinics in northern Germany with deadly drugs and then trying to revive them in order to play the hero. He has confessed to some killings, but police said in August that he could not remember all the details of his actions, prompting them to exhume the remains of 134 people with links to Niels H. to identify further victims. The investigation has now turned up evidence leading authorities to suspect Niels H. killed 38 people at a clinic in the northern German city of Oldenburg and 62 at one in nearby Delmenhorst, Oldenburg police and the city s public prosecutor s office said in a statement on Thursday. That is in addition to two counts of murder for which an Oldenburg court sentenced him in 2015. Police said in August he was suspected of killing 84 other people in addition to those two and that the toll may rise as toxicology reports were examined. It could rise further still, the statement said on Thursday, as police were seeking for the remains of some people to be exhumed in Turkey. It said the prosecutor s office was likely to bring charges against Niels H. early next year. Ten years ago, a German nurse was convicted of killing 28 elderly patients. He said he gave them lethal injections because he felt sorry for them. He was sentenced to life in prison. In Britain, Dr. Harold Shipman was believed to have killed as many as 250 people, most of them elderly and middle-aged women who were his patients. Known as Dr. Death, Shipman was sentenced to 15 life terms in 2000; he died prison in 2004, apparently a suicide. ",1
15273,Prospects for Putin-Trump meeting at APEC summit unclear,"MOSCOW/BEIJING (Reuters) - Prospects for a meeting between Russian President Vladimir Putin and U.S. counterpart Donald Trump at this week s Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit were unclear after the Kremlin said a meeting was definite before saying it was just a possibility.     Putin and Trump, who had their first face-to-face meeting in July to discuss allegations of Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election, are both planning to attend this week s summit in the Vietnamese city of Danang.  The Kremlin, which wants to try to improve battered U.S.-Russia ties, says it has been trying to set up a meeting and Trump told Fox News before his Asia tour that he might meet Putin in Vietnam to talk about Syria, Ukraine and North Korea.  Kremlin aide Yuri Ushakov told Russian news agencies on Thursday that such a meeting would happen on Friday, but Dmitry Peskov, a Putin spokesman, rowed back on that later on Thursday after U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said no decision on formal talks had yet been taken. Tillerson, on a visit to Beijing with Trump, also questioned whether the two leaders would have enough to talk about to justify such a meeting.  There s never been an agreement, certainly not to a full bilat(eral),  said Tillerson, who said it would not be unusual however if the two men had a spontaneous  pull-aside meeting  chat if they bumped into each other.      The question is whether we ve got sufficient substance (for a more formal meeting) and we re working with the Russians as you know on a number of difficult areas,  said Tillerson.  We re in contact with them and the view s that the two leaders are going to meet if there s something sufficiently substantive to talk about that would warrant a formal meeting.  Asked about Tillerson s comments, Peskov, Putin s spokesman, told reporters on a conference call that a possible meeting was still being discussed before predicting that the two men would cross paths  one way or another.      Putin and Trump first got together at a G20 summit in Hamburg in July when they discussed accusations of Russian interference in the U.S. election but agreed to focus on better relations rather than litigating the past.  But ties have soured further since then. Trump in August grudgingly signed off on new sanctions against Russia, a move Moscow said ended hopes for better relations. Putin ordered Washington to cut its embassy and consular staff in Russia by more than half. Tensions have also flared over the conflict in Syria. ",1
15274,Swiss man gets suspended prison term for spying in Germany,"FRANKFURT (Reuters) - A Swiss man was handed a suspended prison term of nearly two years and a fine on Thursday for spying on a German tax authority, in a case that has pitted Swiss bank secrecy against Germany s clampdown on tax evasion. The penalty was relatively modest as spying for a foreign state is punishable in Germany by up to five years in prison, but the Frankfurt court said the man, identified only as Daniel M., had no prior convictions and had made a full confession. Daniel M., 54, had tried to get the personal contact details of German tax officials for Swiss intelligence, which wanted to prosecute them for obtaining secret bank data. German states including the one in question, North Rhine-Westphalia, have over the past few years gotten hold of CDs containing details of bank accounts held secretly in Switzerland by Germans hoping to avoid tax. Swiss authorities say this amounts to the theft of business secrets, while German officials say they are combating illegal tax evasion. Lawyers for Daniel M., whose spying activities lasted from 2011 until 2015, had argued that their client was simply a  patriot  caught between two ideologies. The court, which handed him a suspended prison term of a year and 10 months and a fine of 40,000 euros ($46,392), acknowledged that he had suffered considerable financial damage since being detained in Frankfurt in May. But it also criticized his cooperation with Swiss intelligence over a period of at least two and a half years.  The depiction of the defendant s actions as those of a Swiss patriot did not convince the court, especially because tax evasion, the reason for the tax officials  actions, is not considered morally protected behavior in Switzerland either,  the court said in a statement. The Swiss Banking Act requires employees of Swiss-regulated banks to keep client information confidential, but a number of staff have leaked account details to foreign authorities in the past decade as Western governments crack down on tax evasion. Whistleblowers and new disclosure standards have proven costly for Swiss banks, which have suffered hundreds of billions of dollars in outflows as a result. Over a third of Swiss private banks have permanently closed.     ",1
15275,Turkish nationalist opposition seeks to secure parliamentary future,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey s nationalist opposition will seek support from the ruling AK Party to lower a 10 percent threshold to enter parliament, a party official said on Thursday, in a sign that a new rival political party could shake up Turkish politics. Former interior minister Meral Aksener broke with the Nationalist Movement Party (MHP) and formed her own Iyi Parti ( Good Party ) last month, posing a challenge to the MHP and to President Tayyip Erdogan s AK Party. Speaking to reporters in Ankara, MHP Deputy Chairman Semih Yalcin said his party, which could fall below the threshold if Iyi Parti s apparent early popularity is sustained, would push to lower the barrier.  The MHP has preparations regarding the (threshold) electoral law, and this will be discussed depending on the offers we receive (from the AK Party),  Yalcin said, a day after MHP leader Devlet Bahceli called the threshold  too harsh . Since 1982, political parties in Turkey have needed to win at least 10 percent of votes to be represented in the 550-seat parliament. The country faces presidential and parliamentary elections in 2019. A recent poll suggested that Aksener s party could overtake the main opposition secular CHP and push the MHP and pro-Kurdish opposition HDP out of parliament by forcing their share of the vote below the current threshold. It would also cut into the AK Party share of the vote. The Islamist-rooted AK Party, led by Erdogan, is a broad organization, counting among its ranks nationalists and religious conservatives.  Will they (Iyi) win 20 percent or one percent? We will see... Everyone will see how they hold up after they stand in front of the people in 2019,  Yalcin said of the Iyi Parti. The MHP won as much as 18 percent of votes in a 1999 parliamentary election but slipped below the threshold at 9.5 percent in 2002. It has exceeded 10 percent since then. Under an executive presidential system approved in an April referendum, the president will be given expanded powers. The number of MPs will be increased from 550 to 600, while the parliament s authority will be reduced. Critics argue that lowering the threshold, and the resulting change in the composition of parliament, would not have any great impact under the new presidential system. The AK Party, founded by Erdogan, has dominated Turkish politics since 2002, holding a majority in parliament for 15 years. After winning almost 50 percent of votes in the latest parliamentary elections in 2015, Erdogan and party officials said they aimed to win more than half the votes in 2019. ",1
15276,Spain could again revise down 2018 growth forecast due to Catalonia: Rajoy,"MADRID (Reuters) - The Spanish government could again revise down the country s 2018 economic growth forecast due to the political crisis in Catalonia, Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy said on Thursday.  It is affecting tourism, it is affecting some entities and it is affecting trade. We have seen some worrying figures. And it could be that next year effectively this will lead to a cut to growth,  Rajoy told reporters in the city of Salamanca. The government already revised down 2018 growth from 2.6 percent to 2.3 percent last month.  Rajoy said he would respect the decision of the Spanish Supreme Court which on Thursday is hearing sedition allegations from state prosecutors against the Catalan parliament speaker and five other Catalan lawmakers. ",1
15277,"Taiwan the most important issue in Sino-U.S. ties, China's Xi tells Trump","BEIJING (Reuters) - Taiwan is the most important and sensitive issue in Sino-U.S. ties, Chinese President Xi Jinping told visiting U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday, ahead of the one-year anniversary of Trump taking a precedent-breaking call from Taiwan s president. China considers democratic Taiwan to be a wayward province and integral part of its territory, ineligible for state-to-state relations, and has never renounced the use of force to bring the island under its control. The United States has no formal ties with Taiwan but is bound by law to help it defend itself and is the island s main source of arms. Trump upset China last December by taking a telephone call from Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen, shortly after he won election, the first call between U.S. and Taiwan leaders since President Jimmy Carter switched diplomatic recognition to China from Taiwan in 1979. While there was no public mention of Taiwan in comments Xi and Trump made in front of reporters, the official Chinese foreign ministry statement about their talks did not mince its words.  The Taiwan issue is the most important, most sensitive core issue in China-U.S. relations, and concerns the political basis of the China-U.S. relationship,  the ministry paraphrased Xi as telling Trump. China  hopes that the U.S. side continues to scrupulously abide by the  one China  principle, and prevents disturbances to the broader picture of China-U.S. ties , Xi added. Trump told Xi that the United States government upheld and stuck to the  one China  policy, China s official Xinhua news agency reported. In Taipei, Chiu Chui-cheng, deputy minister of Taiwan s China policy-making Mainland Affairs Council, said China should respect Taiwan s people.  We think China should deeply understand and respect Taiwan people s opinions on the growth of relations across the Taiwan Strait,  Chiu told reporters.  We are also willing to work with the other side to find a new, positive model in cross-straits ties that would use dialogue to resolve differences, and to create a proper path for harmonious relations.  China suspects Tsai wants to push for the formal independence of Taiwan, a red line for Beijing. Tsai says she wants to maintain peace with China but will defend Taiwan s democracy and security.  China has pressured Taiwan since Tsai took office last year, suspending a regular dialogue mechanism and slowly peeling away its few remaining diplomatic allies. China is deeply suspicious of U.S. intentions toward Taiwan, and was upset when the United States recently allowed Tsai to transit through Hawaii and Guam on her way to and from diplomatic allies of Taiwan s in the Pacific. Defeated Nationalist forces fled to Taiwan in 1949 after losing a civil war with the Communists. ",1
15278,Possible Putin-Trump meeting in Vietnam still under discussion: Kremlin,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Thursday that a possible meeting between Russian President Vladimir Putin and U.S. President Donald Trump in Vietnam this week was still under discussion, but that nothing had yet been agreed.  Russian news agencies cited Kremlin aide Yuri Ushakov earlier on Thursday as saying that the two leaders would meet on Friday at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Vietnam.  But Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told a conference call with reporters that the time, place and format of such a meeting was still being discussed and that a Friday meeting was only a possibility.     As for the content of the meeting, there is no agreed agenda,  said Peskov. Given that both Trump and Putin will attend the APEC summit, Peskov said that their paths would cross one way or another. ",1
15279,Palestinian reconciliation spells cheaper prices for Gaza consumers,"GAZA (Reuters) - Gaza s merchants and consumers are reaping early rewards from reconciliation moves by the enclave s dominant Hamas Islamists and the Western-backed Palestinian Authority (PA). Israeli border restrictions, including a nearly blanket ban on exports from Gaza, and three wars since 2008 have imposed severe hardship in the territory. Israel says its rules are driven by security concerns, accusing Hamas of having used imported material to build weapons including rockets that have been fired at its cities. Since Hamas ceded Gaza s border crossings with Israel - the main gateway for commercial imports - to the Authority on Nov 1 under an Egyptian-brokered unity deal, many prices in the territory have dropped. The main reason for the decrease: the Authority has canceled surcharges, sometimes as high as 25 percent, that Hamas collected in cash from merchants in Gaza. Businesses, in turn, have passed on some of those savings to customers: a 2017 Kia Picanto compact car, for example, now sells for $20,000 instead of $22,500, and a kilo of beef costs 40 shekels ($11), down from 50 ($15). And this week, the PA, which takes its own tax in an arrangement agreed with Israel, allowed the import of cigarettes costing eight shekels a pack compared with the usual 21 shekels for other brands, through Israel s Kerem Shalom commercial crossing for the first time. Cigarettes used to come in only via smuggling tunnels under the Egyptian border but the PA is seeking understandings with Hamas and Cairo to choke off that channel.  (Hamas s fees) led to a weakening of sales power because the people in Gaza live under bad economic conditions and because of the Israeli blockade and the loss of jobs,  said Tareq Al-Saqqa, who owns an electrical goods company in Gaza, where unemployment tops 40 percent. Citing security concerns, Israel and Egypt maintain tight restrictions at their Gaza borders. Hamas, regarded by the West as a terrorist group, seized the enclave in fighting in 2007 against forces loyal to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. Israel s limits on Gaza s import of so-called  dual use  material, such as steel and cement, that it fears could be used by Hamas to make weapons or fortifications are unlikely to change soon. But hundreds of truckloads of food and a wide variety of consumer goods move into Gaza daily via Israel. Hamas, which handed administrative control of Gaza to the Authority under the reconciliation agreement signed in Cairo on Oct. 12, has spurned Israel s demand it disarm.   Israel said it would deal with the new administration in Gaza but in the way that would not allow Hamas and other factions to develop their military capabilities, which means it will continue to ban essential materials,  said Mohammad Abu Jayyab, a Gaza economist. He and other local economic experts cautioned against any hopes of a rapid revival of Gaza s economy unless Israel s restrictions were fully removed.  Responsibility for security in still an open issue in Gaza, where Hamas, which is still policing the territory, has what analysts say are at least 25,000 well-equipped fighters. Further unity talks are scheduled for Nov. 21 in Cairo. Keeping pressure on Hamas, Abbas has yet to lift economic sanctions he imposed in Gaza in June that included a cut in salaries the Authority paid to 60,000 civil servants. Abbas recently sent nearly 15,000 of them into early retirement. (This version of the story corrects spelling of surname, paragraph 12) ",1
15280,"Colombia seizes 12 tons of cocaine, its biggest ever haul","BOGOTA (Reuters) - Police seized more than 12 tons of cocaine from Colombia s top crime gang on Wednesday, the biggest haul ever in the nation s long-running fight against drug trafficking, President Juan Manuel Santos said. The cocaine, with a U.S. market value estimated by Santos at about of $360 million, was found stored underground on four farms in a banana-growing region of northwest Antioquia province, near Colombia s border with Panama.   Thanks to a police operation with overseas intelligence, from friendly countries, the largest seizure in history was made,  Santos said at a police base where the cocaine was laid out in packages on display. Santos linked the cocaine to the drug-trafficking gang known as the Gulf Clan, which has become one of the biggest threats to security since peace was signed last year with Marxist-led Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) guerrillas. The seizure comes as the United States, Colombia s staunchest ally in the fight against drug trafficking, has raised concern over an increase in coca cultivation and as the government faces criticism from opposition lawmakers for allowing new crime gangs to fill the void left by the FARC.  Santos, who leaves office next year, has pledged to send 80,000 military and police to areas once controlled by the FARC in a bid to prevent new trafficking gangs from taking hold. Four people were arrested during the three-day operation leading to the drug seizure, according to a police statement. The Gulf Clan is led by fugitive Dairo Antonio Usuga, known as Otoniel. The United States has offered a reward of up to $5 million for information leading to his capture or death. In addition to drugs, the gang deals in illegal mining and most if its estimated 1,500 members formerly served in the ranks of right-wing paramilitary groups. Colombia is one of the world s leading producers of cocaine, with output of around 910 tons per year, according to the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration.  Anti-drug police have confiscated 362 tons of cocaine this year. ",1
15281,Rohingya row to Bangladesh as Myanmar's Suu Kyi runs summit gauntlet,"COX S BAZAR/YANGON (Reuters) - Blessed by calmer seas, several hundred more Rohingya Muslims on Thursday joined a multitude of refugees in Bangladesh, as calls grew for upcoming regional summits to exert more pressure on Myanmar s Aung San Suu Kyi to stem the crisis. A Myanmar military operation has driven out more than 600,000 Rohingya since late August and the latest refugees to find sanctuary in predominantly Muslim Bangladesh say many thousands more are still trying to leave. Ariful Islam, of Bangladesh s Border Guard, said about 200 people arrived on Thursday morning on the stretch of coast he commands at Teknaf, at the southern tip of Cox s Bazar district. More than 200 Rohingya have drowned in the strong currents and high surf trying to reach Bangladesh from Buddhist-majority Myanmar over the past two months. But the sea was fairly flat on Thursday morning as Abdus Sabir came ashore at Shamlapur along with a large group of Rohingya after a six-hour boat journey to complete an escape begun weeks ago.  We fled because the military is still burning our houses,   Abdus, who had abandoned his home in the Rathedaung region of Myanmar s Rakhine State, told Reuters. Nearby, Husain Shorif, from the Buthidaung region, said he had rowed for four hours to help bring across 56 people on a raft cobbled together from bamboo and plastic jerrycans.  Some boatmen were asking for huge money we didn t have. So we made our own boat and came,  Shorif said, adding that thousands more Rohingya were still stranded at Pa Nyaung Pin Gyi at the mouth of the Naf river. Reuters was unable to verify that claim as Myanmar s military has restricted access to northern parts of Rakhine, where it launched a clearance operation it says was aimed at Rohingya militants behind attacks on 30 security posts on Aug. 25. UN officials described the operation as  ethnic cleansing , an accusation Myanmar has denied.  The storm of opprobrium over the humanitarian crisis will expose Myanmar to more diplomatic pressure, at least from leaders of Muslim-majority countries and the United States, during three summits hosted by Vietnam and the Philippines. Suu Kyi, the de facto leader of Myanmar s less than two-year-old civilian administration, left on Thursday to attend the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Vietnam s central seaside resort of Danang. Awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for standing up to the generals who had ruled the country for nearly half a century, Suu Kyi now has to share power with them, under a constitution drawn up in 2008 when junta was still in control, and has little control over what they do. After Friday s APEC gathering, Suu Kyi will meet leaders of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) grouping in Manila on Sunday, followed by an East Asia Summit in Angeles, just north of the Philippine capital. Mass exodus: tmsnrt.rs/2xTAOon A desperate escape: tmsnrt.rs/2A1ATUP Setting up a regional trade block, and concerns over North Korea s ambitions to become a nuclear-armed state are  priorities, but New York-based Human Rights Watch beseeched the Asian leaders to ensure stronger action by Myanmar to end the crisis. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will meet Suu Kyi on Nov. 15 for talks on the Rohingya crisis, and they are expected to hold a joint news conference.  World leaders shouldn t return home from these summits without agreeing to targeted sanctions to pressure Burma to end its abuses and allow in independent observers and aid groups,  Brad Adams, Asia director of Human Rights Watch, said in a statement that referred to Myanmar by its old name. Desperate for help to cope with the massive influx of people, Bangladesh is lobbying furiously for pressure to be put on Myanmar.  We want international communities to continue building  pressure on Myanmar. Otherwise, they won t resolve the crisis,  a foreign ministry official in Dhaka told Reuters, adding that ministers from Germany, China, Japan and Sweden were expected to visit both countries later this month. HRW s Adams said leaders meeting Asia should discuss how to investigate alleged rights abuses and atrocities in Rakhine, and refer them to the International Criminal Court in the Hague. The rights group also urged the Security Council to impose an arms embargo, economic sanctions and travel bans targeting Myanmar military officials. Some U.S. senators are pressing for the United States to impose its own sanctions, also targeting the military. The Security Council this week opted for a strongly worded statement scolding Myanmar, as diplomats said China and Russia would have vetoed any resolution. China has publicly supported the Myanmar government s efforts to  maintain stability  in Rakhine. The stance taken by China and other Southeast Asian governments fighting insurgencies by Muslim militants should spare Myanmar from any harsh spotlight in the summits  final communiques.  On the Rohingya, the leaders will agree that there is no quick fix to the long-standing inter-communal problem with deep historical roots that needs to be carefully managed,  an ASEAN diplomat told Reuters, adding that the group aimed to deliver $500,000 of relief supplies to Myanmar. A trail of destruction: tmsnrt.rs/2fDBxTc ",1
15282,Italy's 'smiling pope' inches closer to sainthood,"VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope John Paul I, who served for just 33 days as Pontiff in 1978 before his abrupt death, has moved a step closer to sainthood, the Vatican said on Thursday. Known as the  smiling Pope  because of his good nature, Albino Luciani s reign as head of the Catholic Church was the shortest in modern times and his shock demise fueled press speculation that he might have been murdered. The Vatican has always denied the rumors, saying he died of a heart attack. As a first step to placing him among the Church s swelling ranks of saints, the Vatican said Pope Francis had backed a vote by the Congregation for the Causes of the Saints to recognize the  heroic virtues  of Pope John Paul I. This means John Paul I, the last Italian to be made pontiff, can now move on toward beatification, the final step before sainthood. Beatification would require a miracle attributed to his intercession. The Catholic Church posthumously confers beatification, and later sainthood, on people considered so holy during their lives that they are now believed to be with God and can intercede with him to perform miracles. Miracles are usually the medically unexplained healing of someone. John Paul I s sainthood process started in 2002 after his supporters in Italy collected some 300,000 signatures on a petition calling for him to be made a saint. It could take many more years for his cause to progress further. Luciani, Cardinal of Venice, was elected pope on Aug. 26, 1978. A humble man, he had no time to leave his mark on the Church before his death on September 28, 1978.  Rumors rapidly surfaced that hidden forces within the Church had poisoned the newly elected Luciani to head off institutional changes he was planning to introduce. The Church s decision not to hold a post mortem on the body, bickering over who was in the Vatican on the night of the death and crude attempts to hide the fact a nun found his body was manna to fans of conspiracy theories. Luciani s successor John Paul II ruled for 27 years and died in 2005. He was made a saint in 2014 - the fastest elevation to the sainthood in modern times. ",1
15283,Graft suspected in Indonesian anti-corruption monument project,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - An Indonesian prosecutor has named 18 people as suspects in a graft case related to the erection of an anti-corruption monument meant to champion probity in public affairs. The monument was inaugurated in the Riau province city of Pekanbaru last December by Corruption Eradication Commission (KPK) Chairman Agus Rahardjo to mark International Anti-Corruption Day. Sugeng Riyanta, special crime assistant at the Riau Prosecutor s Office, said that 13 public servants and five private sector officials were suspected of fraud and corruption that caused the state losses of 1.23 billion rupiah ($91,000). Riyanta said the investigation would center on the selection of the contractor and the quality of the materials used to build the monument. President Joko Widodo has pledged to tackle corruption, which has long been a scourge of business and government in Indonesia. The country ranked 90th out of 176 in Transparency International s Corruption Perceptions index last year. ",1
15284,Singapore detains two for 'terrorism-related' activities,"SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Singapore said on Thursday it has detained a Singaporean man and a woman for affiliations to radical Islamist groups under the country s tough security law that allows for detention without trial.  The man, 25 year-old Abu Thalha bin Samad, is a member of the Southeast Asian Islamist group, Jemaah Islamiyah (JI), and was educated and trained in JI-linked schools in the region, the Ministry of Home Affairs said in a statement.   The Singapore government worked with  a regional government  to deport him back to Singapore for his arrest, the ministry said, but it did not disclose from which country.   He was duty-bound to carry out whatever instructions the JI leaders had for him, including performing armed jihad and sacrificing his life for the JI s violent cause,  the ministry said.  The woman detained is Islamic State supporter Munavar Baig Amina Begam. The 38-year-old Singaporean housewife is originally from India and the second woman in Singapore to be detained under the Internal Security Act.  She is an ISIS (Islamic State in Iraq and Syria) supporter and harbored the intention to make her way to the conflict zone to join ISIS,  the ministry said in the statement.   To influence others to support ISIS, Amina shared materials promoting terrorism on social media, which ... encouraged others to fight and die as martyrs,  it added. Neither of the two was available for comment.  Last week, Singapore banned two popular foreign Muslim preachers from entering the city-state because, it said, their views bred intolerance and were a risk to social harmony. As concern grows about the spread of militancy, there has been a significant rise in the number of detentions under the country s security law. At least 14 radicalized Singaporeans have been put under restriction or detention orders under the ISA since 2015, up sharply from 11 cases between 2007 and 2014, according to data from the ministry. Diverse, affluent Singapore is majority ethnic Chinese with sizeable minority ethnic Malay and ethnic Indian communities, and numerous foreign workers from Asia and beyond. Singapore said late last year it had deported nearly 70 foreigners including five maids for suspected radicalism over the previous two years. Authorities in neighboring Indonesia, which has the world s largest Muslim population, said last year they had arrested six Indonesian suspects with links to Islamic State who were plotting attacks on Singapore. ",1
15285,Trump says he and China's Xi to try to end opioid crisis,"BEIJING (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday that he and Chinese President Xi Jinping would be focusing  very strongly  on the U.S opioid crisis, which he has declared a public health emergency. Trump said shortly before arriving in Beijing he would discuss as a  top priority  stopping the  flood of cheap and deadly  fentanyl  manufactured in China  when he meets Xi.  Every year drug trafficking destroys millions and millions of lives,  Trump said in Beijing, standing next to Xi at the end of formal talks between the two.  Today President Xi and I discussed ways we can enhance coordination to better counter the deadly drug trade and to stop the lethal flow of poisonous drugs into our countries and into our communities,  he added.  A special emphasis will be placed on the new phenomenon - fentanyl - destroying lives by the millions. We re going to be focusing on it very strongly, the president and myself,  Trump said, without elaborating. Speaking later to reporters, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Trump and Xi agreed to take new steps.  On the critical issue of opioids, we made some good progress to curb the flow of harmful narcotics into the United States in order to save American lives,  Tillerson said.   The president committed to taking new actions including agreements to control the export and movement of fentanyl precursors, sharing intelligence on drug trafficking, and exchanging trafficking information,  he added, referring to Xi. China s drug control agency last week disputed Trump s claim that most of the synthetic drug fentanyl at the heart of the U.S. opioid crisis was produced in China. Opioids include prescription painkillers, heroin and fentanyl, a highly addictive synthetic drug 50 to 100 times more potent than morphine. The Centers for Disease Control estimated that 20,000 Americans were killed by fentanyl last year, surpassing common painkillers and heroin for the first time. American law enforcement agencies and drug control experts say most of the fentanyl distributed in the United States, as well as precursor chemicals, originate from China. While Chinese officials dispute these claims, Beijing has taken steps to crack down on the production and export of synthetic drugs, and has placed fentanyl and 22 other related compounds on its list of controlled substances.     ",1
15286,Trump heaps praise on 'very special' Xi in China visit,"BEIJING (Reuters) - If Chinese President Xi Jinping was trying to impress U.S. President Donald Trump with lavish treatment during his visit to Beijing, it appears to have worked. Trump was effusive in his praise of Xi and China, even speaking admiringly of Beijing s ability to run up a huge trade surplus at U.S. expense, which Trump blamed on his predecessors. He described as  tremendous  his meetings with Xi on topics including trade, North Korea and controlling opioids, despite the lack of major breakthroughs on easing access to China for U.S. companies or further pressuring North Korea to halt its pursuit of nuclear weapons.  My feeling toward you is an incredibly warm one,  Trump said, standing beside Xi. The two had spent the previous afternoon and evening with their wives, touring the Forbidden City and dining there, a privilege rarely extended to visiting leaders.  As we said, there s great chemistry, and I think we re going to do tremendous things, both for China and the United States,  Trump said. That chemistry took shape in April, when the two first met at Trump s Mar-a-Lago resort, softening the edges on sharp differences over trade and North Korea, and concern in the West over an increasingly prosperous China s growing assertiveness. While Trump enjoys a chummy, golfing-buddy relationship with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, he has shown admiration for autocratic leaders such as Xi, Russian President Vladimir Putin and Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte. Stylistically, the leaders of the world s two largest economies are opposites: Xi is scripted and cautious, cultivating a down-to-earth image; Trump, a developer and reality TV star before his upset election win a year ago, is known for his off-the-cuff style, freewheeling tweets, and rhetorical hyperbole, both negative and positive. The two also face different political realities at home: Xi has never been more powerful, solidifying his grip at a twice-a-decade Communist Party Congress last month; Trump is saddled with low public approval ratings and dogged by investigations into Russian links to his election campaign, though he and his aides claim credit for the U.S. stock market s record highs. But Trump appears to recognize the clout that China - and by extension, Xi - wields as a rising power, recently likening Xi to a  king  - and is convinced he needs Beijing s leverage with North Korea to deal with his biggest global security challenge. The transactional currying of favor cuts both ways: China is eager to deflect U.S. pressure to do more on North Korea, and to avoid an escalation in trade tensions that seemed inevitable after Trump, during his presidential campaign, accused China of  raping  the United States with its trade practices.  China attaches great importance to guanxi (personal relationships) and it s especially important, given you have a top-down approach to leadership in China, to see Xi get on so well with a foreign leader,  said Wang Huiyao, head of the Center for China and Globalization, a think tank.  It s much easier to tackle structural problems with a good atmosphere,  he said. Some of their more personal exchanges won prominent play in Chinese social media, including the video of Trump s granddaughter singing to  Grandpa Xi  and  Grandma Peng . An exchange between the two leaders in the Forbidden City when Xi explained to Trump that China has the longest unbroken cultural history of any current nation was especially popular.  We are called the descendants of dragons,  Xi tells Trump.  That s great,  Trump replies and laughs. Trump went so far as to call Xi a  very special man  in a joint briefing on Thursday, and seemed so enthusiastic that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was asked if Trump had been too deferential.  I didn t detect that at all,  Tillerson said. However, the White House yielded to Beijing s wish that the two leaders not take questions during a joint press statement. Xi did not openly reciprocate Trump s personal praise, maintaining his usual stern demeanor, although he grinned when Trump said he did not blame China for the trade gap and again when he said Xi was someone who got things done.  I don t blame China,  Trump said of the trade deficit.   Who can blame a country for being able to take advantage of another country for benefit of their citizens? I give China great credit.  ",1
15287,New Zealand says unclear if TPP agreement can be reached this week,"DANANG, Vietnam (Reuters) - It is not clear if countries in the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) can reach an agreement this week at a meeting of Asia-Pacific leaders to carry forward the trade pact, New Zealand s trade minister said on Thursday.     Ministers from the 11 countries are meeting in Vietnam s central resort of Danang on the sidelines of a summit of the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) grouping to discuss how to proceed with the deal after the United States withdrew.  The negotiation is proceeding but it has not yet been finalised,  New Zealand Trade Minister David Parker told Reuters.  There are many countries that want to achieve finality this week, but it s not yet clear whether consensus can be achieved.   Parker added that the 11 countries were discussing suspension of certain provisions of TPP in order to proceed with the trade deal, but no consensus had been reached. ",1
15288,Lebanon president seeks diplomatic help on PM resignation: Al-Manar TV,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanese President Michel Aoun is seeking help from diplomats to uncover the mystery surrounding ex-Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri s resignation, al-Manar TV reported on Thursday. Meetings with ambassadors aim to ask for help in clarifying the circumstances that led to the resignation of Hariri, who has yet to return to Lebanon, an official source told Reuters. ",1
15289,Exclusive: Iran's Revolutionary Guards arrest more dual nationals,"LONDON (Reuters) - Iran s Revolutionary Guards have arrested at least 30 dual nationals during the past two years, mostly on spying charges, according to lawyers, diplomats and relatives, twice as many as earlier reported by local or international media. The number marks a sharp rise since 2015, when an international nuclear deal raised hopes of detente with the West. In the years before that the number of dual nationals detained at any given time was in single figures. It also points up a new trend as a majority of those arrested since then, 19 out of the 30, have citizenship in Europe. Previously most of the detainees were Iranian Americans. Detainees  relatives and lawyers said the Guards were using them as bargaining chips in international relations and to put off European firms that sought business in Iran after the government agreed the deal with world powers to lift sanctions. The Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps has vast business interests as well as being Iran s most powerful security force and has criticized the government for handing contracts to foreigners. The Guards did not respond to several requests for comment. The Iranian government referred Reuters to the judiciary, which also did not respond to repeated approaches. Iranian authorities have previously denied holding detainees for ransom and accuse Western governments of holding Iranians on trumped-up charges. Relatives of dual nationals detained in Iran, their lawyers and Western diplomats shared information such as name, date of arrest and any charges, on condition neither they nor the detainees were identified, citing fear of repercussions. Iran does not routinely announce arrests or charges and does not recognize dual nationals, whose rights to consular assistance are enshrined in the U.N. Vienna Convention. In all cases, the sources said the detainees had not carried out any espionage and were arrested only because of their second citizenship. They explained their willingness to share details by saying they had been kept in the dark by both the Iranian authorities and Western governments. Several governments argue that maintaining a low profile is in the best interests of the detainees.  This is very much what guides our approach,  a UK government source said. Dutch Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Daphne Kerremans said identifying detainees  could get the prisoners into trouble . Some relatives only break their silence once their initial hopes have been dashed. The wife of Ahmadreza Djalali, a Swedish-based Iranian scientist arrested in 2016 after attending a conference in Tehran, decided to speak out in February.  We were all hopeful that he would be released soon. He was calling us from jail, saying he had not been officially charged. They had told him that he would be released after answering a few questions,  Vida Mehrannia said by telephone from Stockholm.  I made the case public to media after nine months when he was threatened with a death sentence by a prosecutor and went on a hunger strike,  she added. Djalali was sentenced to death in October on espionage charges. Swedish Foreign Minister Margot Wallstrom said at the time:  We will point out that this will affect the relationship with the EU, and this in a time when Iran and the EU need to cooperate, not least with the nuclear deal we have with Iran.  The deal to lift sanctions in return for curbs on Iran s nuclear program was international, but significant U.S. restrictions remained in place. Official confirmation of new arrests sometimes emerges indirectly. Records of a session of the European Parliament in June 2017 showed three Dutch-Iranian nationals were in jail in Iran. Only one case has been reported. Asked about the two unknown cases, Dutch Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Kerremans told Reuters the individuals were  arrested in November 2012 and January 2016 and said government actions were mostly  aimed at ensuring an honest trial, not demanding release .  It is very difficult for the Dutch government to lend support since Iran does not recognize the Dutch nationality of the prisoners, and gives little to no information about them,  she said. In January 2016, then-British Prime Minister David Cameron raised the issue of three dual UK-Iran nationals held in Iranian prisons in a phone call with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani, according to a transcript posted on the Downing Street website. Only two of those cases were known to the public at the time. Contacted for comment, a UK foreign ministry spokesman declined to specify how many British-Iranian dual nationals had been arrested. London raised all cases with Iran at every available opportunity, he said. Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, an Iranian-British aid worker employed by the Thomson Reuters Foundation, was arrested in April 2016 while on holiday in Iran and later charged with plotting to overthrow Iran s clerical establishment. The foundation and her family have repeatedly denied the accusations.  The only thing that as a family we can do is to point out the injustice of this,  said her husband Richard Ratcliffe. He and others said this week that Foreign Minister Boris Johnson had made inaccurate comments about her to members of parliament that had been seized on by the Iranian judiciary and used to frame her. Johnson had said,  she was simply teaching people journalism.  He subsequently said  the UK government has no doubt that she was on holiday in Iran  and that his comments  could have been clearer .  My point was that I disagreed with the Iranian view that training journalists was a crime, not that I wanted to lend any credence to Iranian allegations that Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe had been engaged in such activity,  he said. In 2016, Iran released five U.S. citizens in a prisoner exchange as the nuclear deal was implemented. One remained behind and six American citizens or permanent residents have been arrested since, their lawyers or relatives have told media, of whom one has been freed on bail. A U.S. State Department official confirmed three cases, did not comment on two others and mentioned another detainee, Nizar Zakka, saying he was unjustly held and calling for his release without clarifying his U.S. status. Asked for more details about Zakka and other detained US citizens and legal residents, the official said the safety and security of U.S. citizens abroad was a top priority, adding:  Due to privacy considerations, we have no further comment.  In an October 25 letter to the U.N. Secretary General seen by Reuters, Zakka s lawyer Jason Poblete said his client was a U.S. permanent resident and  is being held as a hostage, as are other innocent persons, to exact political concessions from the United States and other governments , including on sanctions. For its part, Iran says its nationals are detained unjustly in the West. Kazem Gharibabadi, deputy head of Iran s Council for Human Rights, part of the judiciary, has said more than 56 Iranians are imprisoned in the United States and an unspecified number in other countries.  Some of those are detained under baseless charges, including bypassing sanctions,  he was quoted as saying by state media on Sunday. U.S. Department of Justice spokesman Wyn Hornbuckle declined to comment on Gharibabadi s figure, saying the Justice Department does not track prosecutions by nationality and the U.S. government s Bureau of Prisons does not track how many inmates have Iranian nationality. He said inmates in U.S. federal prison  are serving sentences handed down by federal judges after thorough due process of law . ",1
15290,"SpaceX to launch Turkish satellites, minister says","ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey s Turksat 5A and 5B satellites will be launched by Space Exploration Technologies (SpaceX), Turkish Transport Minister Ahmet Arslan said on Thursday.  Our friends decided to launch our satellites with the Falcon 9 rockets of Airbus  subcontractor, SpaceX,  Arslan said at an event in Istanbul. The agreement to build and launch satellites will be worth around $500 million, Turksat Chairman said during his speech at the same event. In October, Airbus submitted the best bid to build the satellites. The 5A satellite will be launched in 2020 and the 5B in 2021. Elon Musk, chief executive of American electric car maker Tesla and aerospace company SpaceX, met Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan in Ankara on Wednesday and discussed cooperation between Tesla, SpaceX and Turkish firms. Musk s SpaceX plans a manned mission to Mars by 2024 and a rocket capable of carrying passengers from one continent to another in less than an hour. ",1
15291,Tillerson says no decision yet on Trump-Putin formal talks,"BEIJING (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Thursday there has been no decision on whether President Donald Trump will have formal talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin at the APEC summit in Vietnam which begins later this week. Tillerson, speaking to reporters in Beijing where he is accompanying Trump on his Asia tour, said the question was whether a Trump-Putin meeting would have sufficient substance. ",1
15292,U.S. has 'frank' exchange on South China Sea during Trump visit,"BEIJING (Reuters) - The United States and China had a frank exchange of views on the disputed South China Sea during a visit to Beijing by U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said. China claims almost the entire strategic waterway through which about $3-trillion worth of goods pass every year, building and militarizing artificial islands. Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam also have conflicting claims. The issue is likely to feature prominently at two regional summits starting this week, one in Vietnam and the other in the Philippines, which Trump and several leaders will attend. Chinese President Xi Jinping will attend the Vietnam meeting.  We had a frank exchange here in China on maritime security issues and the South China Sea. The U.S. position remains unchanged,  Tillerson told reporters.   We insist on upholding freedom of navigation, that claimants be consistent with international law and that claimants should stop construction and militarization of outposts in order to maximize prospects for successful diplomacy,  he added. Both Xi and Trump expressed support for the protection of peace and stability in the South China Sea, China s Foreign Ministry said in a statement following the leaders  talks.    Both leaders also support the peaceful resolution and management of the dispute via talks and in accordance with  accepted international law , it added.  Both sides support the protection of freedom of navigation and overflight for all countries, in accordance with international law,  it said.The United States has angered China with freedom of navigation patrols close to Chinese-controlled islands in the South China Sea, which have been continued by the Trump administration. Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, in an apparent policy shift, said on Wednesday he planned to ask China to make clear its intentions in the South China Sea, during Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) meetings in Vietnam. Since coming to office 16 months ago, the firebrand leader has been conciliatory to Beijing, despite a ruling by an international arbitration court favoring the Philippines in its territorial dispute with China. In the past, Duterte has repeatedly said he will raise the sea dispute at the proper time and avoided the issue when Manila hosted two regional meetings this year. ",1
15293,China's Xi: stable development of China-U.S. economic ties to drive global growth,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Continued stable development of China-U.S. economic ties will be a major contributor to global growth, Chinese President Xi Jinping said during meetings with United States President Donald Trump in Beijing.  China and the United States should face economic issues in a forward-looking and constructive way and resolve problems by expanding economic cooperation, Xi said, according to a statement issued by China s Ministry of Foreign Affairs on Thursday. China agreed to further lower market entry barriers to its banking, insurance, and securities industries and will gradually reduce vehicle tariffs, the statement said.  U.S. companies announced a slew of deals on Thursday that could be worth as much as $250 billion during Trump s visit to Beijing. ",1
15294,Minor train disruption rattles Singapore's reputation for glitch-free services,"SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Singapore is grappling with a controversy that refuses to go away, a month after rainwater flooded a tunnel of its mass rapid transit (MRT) service, leading to the partial suspension of train runs at weekends. A rare public apology by top transit executives and an assurance from the government that the cause was clear and the fix not complicated have done little to appease the public that has come to expect glitch-free efficiency.     The front page of the state-owned Straits Times newspaper this week featured a photo of grim-faced top transit executives in the gallery of parliament as the transport minister said they had to do better and could face pay cuts.  The facts of the 7 October incident are not complicated, and the cause of the incident is clear,  Minister Khaw Boon Wan said, adding that poor maintenance and neglect of duties by transit managers were to blame.  It is the responsibility of management to set the right culture of professionalism and excellence. It begins from the top. And if there is poor culture, the CEO is responsible.  The scrutiny of the disruption, which in most cities would be considered minor and barely newsworthy, reflected the pressure on the government to explain how it had failed to deliver a near-perfect public service.  Singapore residents are highly dependent on public transport. It is one of the world s most expensive places to own a vehicle and it recently announced that it will not allow any growth in its car population from February. Voter discontent with public services can be particularly alarming to the ruling party which saw its worst election showing in 2011 when 40 percent of voters went against it, partly in dismay over the growing strains on public transport. The People s Action Party has ruled Singapore, one of the richest and most stable countries in the world, without interruption since independence in 1965.  Transit operator SMRT chief Desmond Kuek was quoted in an email to staff as saying this week should have been a celebration marking the 30-year anniversary of the subway operations.  Instead, we were awash in collective shame because a few of our staff had let us down,  Kuek said in the email, according to the Straits Times. ",1
15295,"Forbidden in China, but Trump skirts 'Great Firewall' to tweet about Beijing trip","BEIJING (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump went around and over the  Great Firewall  of China in a late-night tweet in Beijing as he thanked his hosts for a rare tour of the Forbidden City and a private dinner at the sprawling, centuries-old palace complex.  Many Western social media platforms such as Twitter and Facebook are banned in China. A sophisticated system has been built to deny online users within China access to blocked content.  That was not an issue for Trump, known for tweeting to his 42.3 million followers at any hour of the day, on Wednesday, the day he arrived in Beijing.  On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and I, THANK YOU for an unforgettable afternoon and evening at the Forbidden City in Beijing, President Xi and Madame Peng Liyuan. We are looking forward to rejoining you tomorrow morning!  Trump even changed his Twitter banner, uploading a photograph of himself and Melania with Chinese President Xi Jinping and his wife, Peng Liyuan, during a Chinese opera performance at the Forbidden City.  The Twitter banner upload did not go unnoticed by Chinese state media, with state broadcaster CCTV flashing screenshots of the photograph on Thursday. Trump s visit was also the third-most talked-about topic on Chinese social media platform Weibo over the last 24 hours, trailing only the birthday of a singer in a Chinese boy band and a weekly Asian pop song chart.  Many people wondered how Trump managed to evade China s tough internet controls.   I guess he must have done it via wifi on a satellite network,  said a user on Weibo. Many foreigners log on to virtual private networks (VPNs) to access content hosted outside of China. Another option is to sign up for a data-roaming service before leaving one s home country.   The president will tweet whatever he wants. That s his way of communicating directly with the American people. Why not?  a White House official said ahead of Trump s arrival in Beijing on Wednesday.  When asked whether China considers Trump s use of Twitter to be in breach of Chinese law, Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said there were many means of communication with  the outside world .   In China, people have many channels to communicate, it s just that they communicate in different ways,  Hua said at a regular ministry briefing.  For example, some people use WeChat, some people use Weibo. Some people use Apple phones, some people use Huawei phones.  Trump tweeted again on Thursday afternoon, posting an ABC News video montage of the  incredible  welcome parade at the Great Hall of the People, where he was greeted by a military band and jumping, flag-waving children.  In his tweet, Trump embedded a link to a photograph of his Beijing visit on Instagram - also forbidden in China.  Not all of Trump s tweets in China were bright and cheerful.   NoKo has interpreted America s past restraint as weakness,  he tweeted about reclusive North Korea s nuclear and missile threats.  This would be a fatal miscalculation. Do not underestimate us. AND DO NOT TRY US.   ",1
15296,OSCE sees increase in ceasefire violations in east Ukraine," (This version of the November 8 story corrects 1st and 8th paragraphs to add other Minsk signatories) By Andrea Shalal and Sabine Siebold BERLIN (Reuters) - An international security organization called on the parties in eastern Ukraine s conflict to pull back tanks and other heavy weapons, after five people were injured and a nine-year-old child was killed over the weekend. A shaky ceasefire between Ukraine and the region s pro-Russian separatists is regularly violated, and violations have spiked in recent weeks, Alexander Hug, principal deputy chief monitor for the Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe s mission in Ukraine, said in an interview. The OSCE s 503 monitors in the region are now seeing a weekly average of 220 incidents involving heavy weapons, up from around 40 a week after a harvest ceasefire, with a total of 3,877 such weapons spotted this year in violation of the ceasefire.  The warning signals of this uptick have been out there,  Hug said.  We have been warning through our reporting that the situation is gradually deteriorating again.   If some of these military technical issues are not tackled now ... we may see an increase in violence towards the end of this year,  Hug said. Once the ground froze in the region later this month, he said, it would be easier to move around tanks, heavy artillery and other equipment. Heavy weapons are the main cause of death in the conflict, which first broke out in 2014 and has claimed 75 lives and injured 346 so far this year, up some 3 to 5 percent from last year, Hug said. Over 10,000 have died since 2014. Kiev accuses Moscow of sending troops and heavy weapons to the region, which Russia denies. Hug urged the sides to implement decisions already made in the Minsk ceasefire agreement to withdraw heavy weapons from along the 500-kilometre (300 mile) line of conflict and disengage opposing forces, which are often staring at each other just 10 meters apart.  All along the 500-km contact line where the fighting takes place, they are standing basically next to each other, and that is of course a recipe for more of the same,  he said. Both sides were violating the ceasefire, Hug said.  Returning fire is also a violation of the agreements. There is no exception to the non-use of weapons,  he said. ",1
15297,UAE asks banks for information on 19 Saudis' accounts: sources,"ABU DHABI/DUBAI (Reuters) - The United Arab Emirates central bank has asked banks and finance companies in the UAE to provide information on the accounts of 19 Saudi citizens, banking sources told Reuters on Thursday. Saudi authorities have previously confirmed that almost all the 19 have been detained in a sweeping corruption investigation. One of those is Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, chairman of international investment firm Kingdom Holding. The regulators  request was contained in a circular sent earlier this week and banks have responded, the sources said, adding that the banks had not been asked to freeze the accounts.  Officials at the central bank were not available to comment. Commercial bankers said they believed UAE authorities were acting at the request of Saudi authorities, but this was not confirmed. Saudi officials have said they will try to recover billions of dollars of illicit assets from dozens of senior businessmen and officials detained in the probe. Saudi Arabia has mutual legal assistance arrangements with other Gulf Arab countries that help it seek such information in criminal cases.  ",1
15298,APEC ministers end talks after wrangling over trade wording for U.S.,"DANANG, Vietnam (Reuters) - Ministers from Asia-Pacific countries ended their meeting on Thursday with a  very good outcome , despite differing views on trade and protectionism, Vietnamese Trade Minister Tran Tuan Anh told a news conference. Talks among trade and foreign ministers from Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) countries on a communique for leaders were extended into a second day in the face of U.S. demands for changes to the language used concerning issues such as free trade and protectionism, officials at the talks said.  There were diverse views, but we were able to conclude with very good outcome, which reflects the interests of all APEC economies,  the Vietnamese minister said, referring specifically to trade and protectionism. ",1
15299,New Delhi declares emergency as toxic smog thickens by the hour,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - The Indian capital declared a pollution emergency and banned the entry of trucks and construction activity as a toxic smog hung over the city for a third day on Thursday and air quality worsened by the hour. Illegal crop burning in the farm states surrounding New Delhi, vehicle exhaust emissions in a city with limited public transport and swirling construction dust have caused the crisis, which arises every year.  The problem has been compounded this year by still conditions, the weather office said.   A U.S. embassy measure of tiny particulate matter PM 2.5 showed a reading of 608 at 10 a.m. when the safe limit is 50. An hour before it was 591.  PM 2.5 is particulate matter about 30 times finer than a human hair. The particles can be inhaled deep into the lungs, causing heart attacks, strokes, lung cancer and respiratory diseases. Residents complained of headaches, coughs and smarting eyes. Many stayed home and restaurants in some of the city s most crowded parts were deserted.   I d like to assure people that the central government shall do everything possible to bring about improvement in air quality in Delhi and the Nation Capital Region,  federal environment minister Harsh Vardhan said as authorities faced criticism for failing to take steps to fight a problem that erupts every year. The haze covered India Gate, a war memorial in the center of the city where Britain s Prince Charles and his wife Camilla were due to pay respects in a two-day trip ending on Thursday. Schools have been shut for the week and late on Wednesday the city administration announced a set of measures to try to clean up the air.  Commercial trucks have been banned from the city unless they are transporting essential commodities, all construction has been stopped and car parking charges raised four times to force residents to use public transport.  The Delhi transport department said it would take a decision later in the day on whether to introduce an  odd-even  scheme under which cars with license plates ending in an odd number are allowed one day and even-numbered cars the next. But experts said these measures were unlikely to bring immediate relief.   There is such a cloud over us that you probably need artificial rain or some such to clear this,  said Dr Vivek Nangia, a pulmonologist at Delhi s Fortis hospital. Video images shot by ANI, a Reuters affiliate, showed farmers illegally burning crop stubble in Rohtak, about 65 km from Delhi. Farmers in Haryana, where Rohtak is located, and Punjab, the two big agrarian states surrounding Delhi, burn millions of tonnes of crop waste around October every year before sowing the winter crop of wheat. State authorities say it is hard to enforce the ban unless farmers, a powerful political constituency, are given funds to buy machinery to clear their land.   Punjab Chief Minister Amarinder Singh said in a Twitter post:  Situation is serious but Punjab helpless as problem is widespread & state has no money to compensate farmers for stubble management.  ",1
15300,"U.S. firm Air Products, China's Yankuang plan to build $3.5 billion coal-to-syngas plant in China","BEIJING (Reuters) - A top Chinese coal miner, Yankuang Group, and U.S. industrial gas supplier Air Products and Chemicals Inc on Thursday said they planned to build a $3.5 billion coal-to-synthesis gas (syngas) plant in China.  The announcement on the facility in the province of Shaanxi comes as part of U.S. President Donald Trump s state visit to China, the world s biggest consumer of coal. The deal is yet to be finalised, although the companies said in a statement that they would look to do this as soon as possible. Syngas is a combination of hydrogen, carbon monoxide and some carbon dioxide that is typically manufactured by gasifying a solid hydrocarbon fuel. It can be used to create energy or to help churn out products such as methane or methanol. Under the agreement, Air Products and Shaanxi Future Energy Group Co (SFEC), a subsidiary of Yankuang, will form a joint venture, in which Air Products will have a majority stake. It will build, own and operate an air separation, gasification and syngas clean-up system in the city of Yulin to supply SFEC, the firms said in a statement.  The air separation units are expected to produce about 40,000 tonnes per day (TPD) of oxygen to support the production of about 2.5 million normal cubic meters an hour of syngas.  SFEC will supply coal, steam and power and receive syngas under a long-term, onsite contract. Air Products currently supplies SFEC s Phase 1 project in Yulin with 12,000 TPD of oxygen.  The addition of Phase 2 would make the complex one of the largest coal-to-fuel and chemicals facilities in China, with SFEC Phase 2 producing 4 million tonnes per year of liquid fuels and downstream chemicals, it said. The companies expect the overall project to come onstream in 2021. ",1
15301,"Bomb kills three, including senior police official, in restive southwestern Pakistan","QUETTA, Pakistan (Reuters) - A suicide bomber killed a senior Pakistani police official on his way to work and two others on Thursday in the restive southwestern province of Baluchistan, officials said. Baluchistan was rocked by a series of attacks late last year that claimed over 180 lives and raised concerns about a growing militant presence, including fighters affiliated with Islamic State, which has claimed several bombings in the province.  The violence has raised concerns about security for projects in the $57 billion China Pakistan Economic Corridor, a planned transport and energy link from western China to Pakistan s southern deep-water port of Gwadar.  Three individuals have embraced martyrdom including (Additional Inspector General) Hamid Shakeel and his driver,  provincial government spokesman Anwar Ul Haq Kakar told Reuters.  A spokesman for the Tehreek-e-Taliban, also known as the Pakistani Taliban, claimed responsibility for the attack.  Shakil was on his way to work in the provincial capital, Quetta, when the suicide bomber intercepted his vehicle, Baluchistan police Inspector General Moazzam Jah told Reuters. One other police officer was killed and three officials were seriously wounded, he added.  Attacks on security officials in Baluchistan have accelerated, with four suicide bombings and one armed attack targeting police in the past six months.  ",1
15302,Catalan parliament speaker to appear before Spain's Supreme Court,"MADRID (Reuters) - The Catalan parliament s speaker and five lawmakers will appear before Spain s Supreme Court in Madrid on Thursday to answer charges of rebellion and sedition for their roles in staging a banned referendum on Catalonia s independence last month. The court will decide whether to remand the speaker, Carme Forcadell, and the lawmakers while the investigation continues or release them under certain conditions. Eight former members of the Catalan government and the leaders of the two main pro-independence grassroots groups are already in custody, awaiting trial on sedition charges for their parts in the Oct. 1 vote, ruled illegal by Spanish courts. The deposed Catalan president, Carles Puigdemont, went into self-imposed exile in Belgium last week after Spain s central government responded to an independence declaration by firing his administration, dissolving the Catalan parliament and calling regional elections for December. Spain s High Court issued an arrest warrant last week on sedition and rebellion charges for Puigdemont and four former members of his cabinet who are also in Brussels. Forcadell and the lawmakers were summoned last week to the Supreme Court, which handles the cases of people who enjoy parliamentary immunity, but it gave them another week to prepare their defenses. The Catalan independence push has deeply divided Spain, dragging it into its worst political crisis since the return of democracy four decades ago and fuelling anti-Spanish sentiment in Catalonia and nationalist tendencies elsewhere. Cracks, however, have appeared within the pro-independence coalition and within Puigdemont s own PdeCat party (Democratic Catalan Party). Catalan secessionist parties on Tuesday failed to agree on a united ticket to contest the December election, making it more difficult to rule the region after the vote and press ahead with their collective bid to split from Spain. The struggle has also divided Catalonia itself and caused deep resentment across the rest of Spain, although separatist sentiment persists in the Basque Country and some other areas. Puigdemont and his former vice president, Oriol Junqueras, are the two main leaders behind the secession bid, which last month led to a unilateral declaration of independence that Spain thwarted when it imposed direct rule. ",1
15303,Tillerson says 'no disagreement' between Trump and Xi on North Korea,"BEIJING (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Thursday that there is  no disagreement  between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping over North Korea. Xi shared with Trump specific actions that China is taking to enforce sanctions against North Korea, such as restrictions on bank accounts, Tillerson told reporters in Beijing. Both leaders will not accept a nuclear-armed North Korea, he added.     Trump arrived in the Chinese capital on Wednesday from South Korea as part of a marathon Asia tour where he has received a lavish welcome from Xi, including a personal tour of the Forbidden City. ",1
15304,Trump says U.S. upholds and sticks to 'one China' policy: Xinhua,"BEIJING (Reuters) - The United States government upholds and sticks to the  one China  policy, U.S. President Donald Trump told Chinese President Xi Jinping on Thursday during talks in Beijing, China s official Xinhua news agency reported. As president-elect, Trump broke with protocol and accepted a congratulatory phone call from the Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen in December, angering China, which claims the self-ruled island as integral Chinese territory.  ",1
15305,Brazilian Congressional committee votes to ban all abortions,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - A Congressional committee led by Evangelical Christians has voted to ban abortion in Brazil in all situations, including cases of rape and where the mother s life is in danger. The decision was voted 18-1 late on Wednesday by a special committee considering a constitutional amendment to extend maternity leave for mothers of premature babies. The single vote against the ban was cast by the only woman present during the session, Erika Kokay of the Workers Party, who called the decision a maneuver by the committee s pro-life Evangelical majority. Abortion is illegal in predominantly Catholic Brazil except when the pregnancy is the result of a rape or puts the mother s life at risk. In 2012, the Supreme Court authorized the abortion on fetuses with anencephaly. More than one million abortions are carried out at clandestine clinics each year in Brazil and thousands of women end up in hospital as a result of botched procedures, according to government estimates. But even the limited circumstances where abortions are legal have been targeted by a growing Evangelical caucus in Congress that has led to a conservative trend in lawmaking on social issues.  To defend abortion, like it or not, is a Satanic, diabolical and destructive act,  Evangelical Congressman Pastor Eurico told the committee, brandishing a replica of a 12-week-old fetus. The move to criminalize all cases of abortion would require  supermajorities, or two-thirds of the votes in both chambers of Congress, as it is part of a constitutional amendment. The measure could clear those hurdles as part of a trade-off for other legislation the governing coalition seeks to pass, such as pension reform needed to plug a gaping budget deficit. ",1
15306,More discussion needed on TPP trade talks: Mexico,"DANANG, Vietnam (Reuters) - Talks among ministers from Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) countries on reviving their trade deal on Thursday were  very productive  but more discussion is needed, Mexican Economy Minister Ildefonso Guajardo said. Ministers from the 11 countries are meeting in the resort of Danang in Vietnam on the sidelines of the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit to discuss how to proceed with the deal after the United States withdrew.  It was a very productive meeting, but we are still discussing. We will comment later on today,  the minister told reporters.  Everybody wants to have a result.  Ministers did not say when further discussions would be held, but an official said they were likely to continue on Thursday evening. ",1
15307,China's Xi says will persist with Korean peninsula denuclearization,BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping said on Thursday that China will persist with the goal of denuclearizing the Korean peninsula and  solving the issue through talks. Xi made the comment standing next to U.S. President Donald Trump who is visiting China. ,1
15308,TPP countries to discuss agreement in principle on trade deal: Japan,"DANANG, Vietnam (Reuters) - The remaining 11 countries in the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal will discuss a proposal for an agreement in principle to proceed after the withdrawal of the United States, Japanese Economy Minister Toshimitsu Motegi said on Thursday. Ministers from the 11 countries are meeting in the resort of Danang in Vietnam on the sidelines of the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit.  We have collectively reached the stage where we can discuss a proposal for a final package for an agreement in principle of the TPP,  Motegi told ministers from the other countries.  I would like to emphasize once again the importance of reaching an agreement in principle right here.  ",1
15309,Qatar retools after boycott by top auto parts supplier Dubai,"DOHA (Reuters) - In a dusty industrial zone in the south of Doha where the city s auto repair shops are clustered, one unlucky blue Hyundai Santa Fe has been sitting with its front smashed in since June 5, the day four Arab nations announced a boycott of Qatar.  The SUV has fallen foul of the tiny state s dependence on Jebel Ali in neighboring Dubai, the first port of call for car companies distributing spare parts across the region but no longer an option for Doha since its neighbors severed ties. The United Arab Emirates, Egypt, Bahrain and Saudi Arabia accused Qatar of supporting terrorism, which it denies.   With its traditional land, sea and air trade routes cut off, Doha has had to scramble to find new suppliers to replace everything from Saudi Arabian milk to Emirati engine oil. It also has had to quickly pull together complicated new logistics, involving a mix of new air and maritime routes and use of nearby ports in Oman and Kuwait for re-export. In many ways it has been a success. The boycott, which entered its sixth month this week, touches life on the streets only in minor ways, with Turkish dairy and Iranian vegetables taking the place of Arab foodstuffs on store shelves. Items are generally available and prices only modestly higher. One exception has been auto parts, residents say. In car-obsessed Qatar, where status symbol Bentleys and BMWs zip down the Doha corniche at night, spare parts that once arrived in days from Dubai can now take weeks or even months, leaving vehicles languishing in shops and drivers frustrated. A manager at one American automobile dealership in the industrial area, who asked not to be named, described the situation as desperate.  You have customers coming in and screaming, saying  my car has been here two to three months.  And you re just helpless. What do you say?   Although most imports have recovered to near pre-crisis levels after dropping sharply on the boycott, auto imports in September were 40 percent lower than their year-earlier level.         The manager said attempts to re-route orders from Jebel Ali to Oman and Kuwait for re-export were abandoned because paying two sets of customs fees and additional shipping spiked costs 20 to 40 percent. The situation has improved in recent weeks after the dealership moved to import directly by air from the United States, he said, but the process took months to set up.  Until ten days ago we didn t have batteries or oil. We were taking batteries out of the new cars.  Some 58 percent of imports to Qatar were either produced in or shipped from the four boycotting countries in 2016, according to a Ministry of Development Planning and Statistics estimate. How much of that is autos and auto parts was not possible to determine, but two parts businesses in Doha said about 80 percent of their supplies previously came through Jebel Ali.  The boycott has driven a campaign to make the country less dependent on its Gulf Arab rivals even if the boycott ends. Hundreds of cows have been flown in to scale up dairy farms that traditionally competed with Saudi Arabia, trade ties have increased with Turkey and Iran, and a draft law was passed that would grant greater trade protection to local producers. The legislation is still pending.  Nobody will buy from Dubai even if it opens up. Why would we let Dubai take any profit from us?  said a spare parts dealer whose goods are now sourced from Vietnam and Korea.  At a high-end garage where a cream Porsche 911 Turbo awaited repair, the general manager said his shop has in recent months established direct import links with European suppliers,  cutting down average delivery time to about three weeks, about twice as long as before the boycott.  It s taught all of us how to import because we have to find new sources ... even if this story ends and the blockade is lifted, we won t go back to buying from Dubai,  he said. ",1
15310,"Xi says China to be more open, transparent to foreign companies including America's","BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping said on Thursday China will be more open and transparent to foreign companies, including those from the United States.  U.S. companies are also welcome to take part in China s Belt and Road initiative, Xi told a briefing in Beijing after talks with U.S. President Donald Trump. China s door to the world will only open wider, he said. ",1
15311,"Cambodia marks independence from France with doves, balloons","PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodians on Thursday marked the 64th anniversary of the country s independence from France by releasing doves and balloons into the sky at the Independence Monument in the capital Phnom Penh. Late King Norodom Sihanouk declared Cambodia s independence from France in 1953 after seizing power a year earlier in a bloodless coup, but maintained good relations with the European nation. Thursday s independence ceremony was attended by current King Norodom Sihamoni and Prime Minister Hun Sen, who has ruled Cambodia for more than 30 years, and was attended by thousands of school children, civil servants and foreign diplomats. Cambodia was under French rule for almost a century before its 1953 independence. Hun Sen in a Facebook post credited King Norodom Sihanouk with devoting his life to fight for the independence.  November 9 is the day that brought independence, territorial integrity, peace and development,  Hun Sen said. Hun Sen s ruling Cambodian People s Party has cracked down on the opposition in recent months in the lead up to a 2018 election. His government has asked the Supreme Court to dissolve the main opposition Cambodia National Rescue Party. A court ruling is expected to decide the matter next week. ",1
15312,"Papua New Guinea starts dismantling detention camp, threatens forcible evict of asylum seekers","SYDNEY (Reuters) - Papua New Guinea began dismantling a shuttered Australian-run immigration detention center on Thursday and warned it will use force if necessary to evict nearly 600 men if they refuse to leave within two days, according to a notice posted at the camp. The asylum seekers have barricaded themselves inside the  Manus island center for the past nine days, defying attempts by Australia and Papua New Guinea to close the camp in a standoff the United Nations describes as a  looming humanitarian crisis . The men fear violent reprisals from the Manus island community if they move from the camp to three transit centers, pending possible resettlement to the United States. The camp was closed on Oct. 31 and water and power have been cut off.  You may become very sick under these conditions of overflowing sewerage, heaps of rubbish, no clean running water, no electricity and no food,  Papua New Guinea s Immigration and Citizenship Service Authority said in a two-page notice reviewed by Reuters.  You are therefore instructed to vacate this compound immediately...if necessary, force may be used to relocate those who refuse to move voluntarily for your own sake.  The men inside the camp, who include asylum seekers from Afghanistan, Iran, Myanmar, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, and Syria, said they will continue to defy attempts to shut the camp. They said they had exhausted their food supplies and were relying on rainwater to drink. Several of the men told Reuters that nearly 100 of them had fallen sick. The notice added that demolition of fences would begin on Thursday. Behrouz Boochani, a Kurdish journalist from Iran who has been detained on Manus island for more than four years, said on Twitter that workers had begun that task.  The refugees are watching them fearfully...(they) are extremely scared by immigration threat but still saying we will not leave this prison camp for another prison camp,  he said.  Using force against ppl who ve been suffering nearly 5yrs is no solution. If you re going to solve this problem send us to safe third country.  Australia has used the Manus island center, and another on the tiny Pacific island of Nauru, to detain asylum seekers who try to reach its shores by boat. It says boat arrivals will never enter Australia, even if they are found to be refugees, as this would encourage people smugglers in Asia. Papua New Guinea s High Court ruled last year that the Manus center, first opened in 2001, was illegal and the camp closed on Oct. 31, when Australian-funded security staff withdrew. Thursday s PNG government notice said the camp will soon revert to the control of the nation s military and anyone there unlawfully will be liable for arrest. Papua New Guinea Prime Minister Peter O Neill on Wednesday said  appropriate means  would be used to apprehend those responsible for  disruption . Australia s Immigration Minister Peter Dutton said on Thursday that the situation was  unacceptable...but the government won t be backing down . The PNG Supreme Court rejected an application by one of the men to restore services on Tuesday, despite pleas from the United Nations to make food, water, medical supplies and power available. Lawyers for the asylum seekers are due to lodge an appeal against later on Thursday. ",1
15313,"China, U.S. create 'miracle' with $253.4 billion in dealmaking: Zhong","BEIJING (Reuters) - China and the United States have created a  miracle  as companies from the world s two largest economies signed deals worth some $253.4 billion over the past two days, China s Commerce Minister Zhong Shan said at a briefing on Thursday.  This is truly a miracle,  said Zhong on the second day of U.S. President Donald Trump s state visit to China. ",1
15314,Trump tells China's Xi he believes there is solution to North Korea,"BEIJING (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump told Chinese President Xi Jinping on Thursday that he believes, like Xi, that there is a solution to the North Korea issue. It was too bad that past U.S. administrations let trade get out of kilter but we will make it fair to both sides, Trump also told Xi as they begun formal talks at Beijing s Great Hall of the People. ",1
15315,"EU to impose arms embargo on Venezuela, lays basis for sanctions: diplomats","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union is set to impose an arms embargo on Venezuela and will consider further sanctions in response to the political crisis in the South American country, two EU diplomats said. The measures will bring the EU more into line with the United States, which imposed sanctions earlier this year, and they signal a change of tone in Brussels, which had previously  resisted taking a tougher approach toward Caracas.  The steps were approved today, paving the way for approval (by the bloc s foreign ministers) next Monday,  an EU diplomat said, adding that the ministers  backing was a formality. Spain has long pushed for sanctions on those close to President Nicolas Maduro, whom Washington accuses of installing a dictatorship, but the EU has been divided over whom to target, while Britain is a significant arms supplier to Venezuela. Diplomats said the turning point for EU governments was regional elections that appeared to favor Maduro s ruling Socialists last month. Polls had suggested the opposition would easily win a majority but in the end it won only a handful of governorships, according to the pro-government electoral board. However, the decisions taken by EU ambassadors at a meeting on Wednesday only prepare the legal basis for sanctions, without any names. Travel bans and asset freezes would only be imposed on Venezuelan officials  should the evolution of the situation require it , a second EU diplomat said. Once approved, the arms embargo will be accompanied by a ban on exports of equipment that could be used for internal repression and of surveillance equipment, the diplomats said. Critics said it was hypocritical for the bloc to target Venezuela while European countries sold weapons to Saudi Arabia.   The idea of imposing an arms embargo on Venezuela while refusing to impose one on Saudi Arabia is beyond parody, not least because of Saudi Arabia s murderous assault on Yemen, which has created one of the worst humanitarian catastrophes in the world,  said U.S. philosopher and activist Noam Chomsky.  But it is easily understandable on the assumption that principles and values are intended for oratorical flourishes, while what matters is tens of billions of dollars in arms sales,  Chomsky said in an email to Reuters. Saudi Arabia intervened militarily in Yemen s civil war starting in 2015, attacking Houthi militia and loyalists of a former president said to be supported by Iran. The war has killed more than 10,000 people. ",1
15316,"Egypt's president backs Saudi purge, urges de-escalation with Iran","SHARM AL-SHEIKH, Egypt (Reuters) - Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi said on Wednesday he was against military strikes on Iran or the Tehran-backed Lebanese group Hezbollah, saying there was enough turmoil in the Middle East. In a meeting with a group of journalists, Sisi also pledged support for Saudi Arabia in its stand-off with Iran. Asked about the prospect of attacks on Iran and Hezbollah  - two days after Saudi Arabia had accused Lebanon of declaring war because of Hezbollah s  aggressive actions , Sisi stressed the importance of de-escalation.  I am always against war,  Sisi said, without spelling out who might be involved in military action. Sunni powerhouse Saudi Arabia called for sanctions against Hezbollah this week and accused Iran of supplying Yemen s Houthis with missiles used to target it.  I have said it once and I will say it again, Gulf national security is Egyptian national security. I have faith in the wise and firm leadership of Saudi Arabia,  Sisi said. Sisi said the situation in the kingdom was  reassuring and stable  following last weekend s arrests of 11 princes, former and current ministers, and a group of elite businessmen on  corruption allegations.  They face allegations of money laundering, bribery, extortion and exploiting public office for personal gain. Sisi stressed his backing of Saudi Arabia and other Gulf Arab states, which have showered Egypt with aid ever since the general-turned-president led the military s ouster of former President Mohamed Mursi of the Muslim Brotherhood in 2013 following mass protests. Lebanon has been thrust to the center of regional rivalry between Saudi Arabia and Iran since the Saudi-allied Lebanese politician Saad al-Hariri quit as prime minister on Saturday, blaming Iran and Hezbollah in his resignation speech. Hezbollah is both a military and a political organization that is represented in the Lebanese parliament and in the Hariri-led coalition government formed last year. Its powerful guerrilla army is widely seen as stronger than the Lebanese army, and has played a major role in the war in neighboring Syria, another theater of Saudi-Iranian rivalry where Hezbollah has fought in support of the Syrian government. Sisi was elected a year after he ousted Mursi and his first four-year term ends next year. He would not be drawn on when he would announce a re-election bid, although he is widely expected to run and win. He hinted at doing so by February.  I have to present achievements over the past four years to Egyptians first, before saying whether I will run or not. I will do this over the next two months, December and January, and based on their response I will reach a position on running.  One candidate has already declared his intention to challenge Sisi. Rights lawyer Khaled Ali announced his 2018 bid on Monday in a speech criticizing Sisi s administration; accusing it of suppressing freedoms and causing deteriorating economic and security conditions. Egypt s economy has been struggling to recover since a 2011 uprising scared away tourists and investors, two main sources of foreign currency, but a three-year International Monetary Fund program is expected to help restore confidence. The IMF program is tied to harsh reforms, chief of which was the central bank s decision to float the pound currency last year, which halved its value from 8.8 to the dollar to almost 18. Sisi said on Wednesday he expected the pound to rally in the near future.  I expect that the exchange rate will strengthen in the coming period, because all the problems that created the crisis over the past few years before the float, I believe, have been solved,  he said. Tourism, a major source of hard currency, took a massive hit in 2015 when Russia suspended flights to Egypt, after Islamic State blew a plane out of the air that took off from Sharm al-Sheikh, the Red Sea resort in which Sisi was speaking on Wednesday, killing all 224 people, mostly Russians, on board. Sisi said he was not pressing the Russian government to restore flights because he understood its need to protect its citizens.  I have never, and will never, insist on the restoration of flights,  he said. He said security forces were making significant gains against militants, however. The military had captured a foreign fighter in a raid it carried out against militants responsible for a deadly attack on a police convoy in Egypt s Western Desert last month, he said. Three security sources said at the time that at least 52 police officers and conscripts were killed on Oct. 21 when their patrol came under attack, but the interior ministry rebutted the figure the next day and said only 16 policemen had been killed. A new militant group with links to al Qaeda claimed responsibility for attack last week. The foreign militant is the sole survivor of the raid and his confession would be revealed to the public soon, Sisi said. The Western Desert, which spans Egypt s more than 1,200 kilometre (745 miles) border with Libya, is a new battlefront for security forces, who have been fighting Islamic State militants in the Sinai Peninsula since 2013. Sisi did not specify the fighter s nationality but the porous border with Libya has been used to smuggle people and weapons regularly. When asked about his support for Khalifa Haftar, the eastern Libyan commander whose Libyan National Army has been fighting Islamist militant groups and other fighters in Benghazi and Derna for more than two years, Sisi said it did not mean he opposed the U.N.-backed Tripoli-based government, even though Haftar and his supporters reject it.  Our support for Haftar is in line with the constants of Egyptian policy; we support a political solution and our backing of Haftar is not at the expense of Fayez Seraj s government.  ",1
15317,New U.S. government rules restrict travel and trade with Cuba,"WASHINGTON/HAVANA (Reuters) - The U.S. government made it tougher on Wednesday for Americans to visit Cuba and do business in the country, making good on a pledge by President Donald Trump to roll back his Democratic predecessor s move toward warmer ties with Havana. The restrictions, which take effect on Thursday, are aimed at preventing the military, intelligence and security arms of Cuba s Communist government from benefiting from American tourists and trade, the White House said. They fill in the regulatory detail on a Trump policy speech in June, in which the Republican president called for a tightening of restrictions. He said then that the Cuban government continued to oppress its people and former President Barack Obama had made too many concessions in his 2014 diplomatic breakthrough with Washington s former Cold War foe. The regulations include a ban on Americans doing business with some 180 Cuban government entities, holding companies, and tourism companies. The list includes 83 state-owned hotels, including famous hotels in Old Havana such as Ernest Hemingway s erstwhile favorite haunt the Hotel Ambos Mundos, as well as the city s new luxury shopping mall.  All these measures hurt the Cuban people,  said Cuba s Foreign Ministry chief for U.S. Affairs Josefina Vidal. She said that government revenue funds Cuba s free education and healthcare systems. Speaking to reporters in Havana, she called the list  arbitrary  and the regulations a further  setback  in U.S.-Cuban relations. The new rules were criticized as too lax by Republican leaders who favor a hard line, but as counterproductive by those who agreed with Obama s rationale for the detente: that Washington s many decades of isolating the Caribbean island failed to force change. The Cuban hotels listed included those run by military-linked chains Gaviota and Habaguanex. Republican Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, a Cuban-American, said the list failed to go far enough because it omitted companies like Gran Caribe Hotel Group and Cubanacan that have ties to the Cuban government. Democratic Senator Patrick Leahy said the regulations were unfair to Cuba, coming as Trump was being  feted in Beijing  by a Communist government  in a country to which Americans can travel freely.   The hypocrisy of the White House ideologues is glaring,  Leahy said in a statement.  While U.S. travelers will still be able to make authorized trips to Cuba with a U.S.-based organization and accompanied by a U.S. representative of the group, it will be harder for them to travel individually, according to the new regulations. Before Obama s opening, travel by many Americans was similarly restricted to such organized trips. Travelers need to be able to show a  full-time schedule  with activities that support Cuban people and show  meaningful interaction,  going beyond merely staying in rooms in private homes, eating in private restaurants, or shopping in private stores, a U.S. official told reporters on a conference call. The administration says it is keen to support such small private enterprises that have sprung up around the country under President Raul Castro s reforms to the largely state-controlled economy.  Staying or eating or shopping in some of those privately owned places is something that we wanted to encourage. But what we wanted to say is, that alone is not enough,  the official said. However, Cubans in the fledgling private sector say the Trump administration s more hostile stance toward Havana has already hurt their business.  He is putting us in serious danger by frightening away American visitors looking to rent our properties,  said Norma Hernandez, who rents out rooms on Airbnb and who said her  business flourished over the last year thanks to a surge in U.S. visitors. Trump s rollback of Obama s opening has not affected a  centerpiece of the detente, the restoration of diplomatic ties and the opening of embassies in Havana and Washington. Business contracts and travel arrangements already in place will be allowed to go ahead and will not be subject to the restrictions, officials told reporters. The list of entities that Americans cannot do business with includes a special development zone at Cuba s Mariel port, which Cuba hopes to develop into a major Caribbean industrial and shipping hub with tax and customs breaks. The National Foreign Trade Council, a business lobby group in Washington, called the Mariel restriction  counterproductive  because it would hurt a Cuban government initiative that could potentially benefit Cuban workers. The head of an educational travel company said there were still many legal avenues - as well as commercial flights, cruise ships, U.S.-owned hotels, and tour providers - to enable Americans to visit Cuba. But he said the new restrictions would hurt Cuba s private sector, at a time when the economy is already struggling.  U.S. backtracking on Cuba could not come at a worse time,  said Collin Laverty, president of Cuba Educational Travel. ",1
15318,"Pentagon confirms rare, three aircraft carrier drill November 11-14","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Pentagon said on Wednesday it would soon carry out the first exercise in a decade involving three aircraft carrier strike groups in the Western Pacific, confirming a Reuters report published on Monday.  It is a rare opportunity to train with two aircraft carriers together, and even rarer to be able to train with three,  Admiral Scott Swift, U.S. Pacific Fleet commander, said in a statement, adding the drills would take place from Saturday to Tuesday. U.S. President Donald Trump will be traveling in Asia during the initial days of the drills.  Multiple carrier strike force operations are very complex, and this exercise in the Western Pacific is a strong testament to the U.S. Pacific Fleet s unique ability and ironclad commitment to the continued security and stability of the region,  Swift said.  ",1
15319,U.S. military joins Brazil army exercises in Amazon,"TABATINGA, Brazil (Reuters) - U.S. military personnel are taking part this week in the largest international army operation ever held deep in the Amazon jungle of northern Brazil, in a sign of closer U.S.-Brazil defense ties. Troops from Brazil, Colombia and Peru will set up a temporary military base in their tri-border region for a week-long logistics exercise in humanitarian assistance and disaster relief, Brazilian army officials said. About 50 U.S. personnel will be present for the exercise, including 19 observers and 31 members of the Montana Air National Guard who will be based out of Manaus providing air transportation, a U.S. embassy statement said. The United States will provide a Hercules C-130 transport plane to move personnel and equipment, the Brazilian army said. The presence of U.S military personnel in Brazil s Amazon region underscored improving defense relations between the two most populous countries in the Western Hemisphere after more than a decade of distancing under leftist Brazilian governments. In March, then-commander of the U.S. Army South, Major General Clarence K. K. Chinn visited military installations in the Amazon and was decorated in Brasilia. Bilateral agreements on defense cooperation and information security have taken effect recently after years of stalling in Brazil s Congress. The Brazilian general in charge of the operation said he was  astounded  by criticism of the U.S. involvement in the exercise in a globalized world where Brazil maintains good relations with China, Russia and the United States.  It s a senseless conspiracy theory raised by leftist parties,  General Guilherme Theophilo Gaspar de Oliveira, the Brazilian Army s logistics commander, told reporters, as he praised deep U.S. experience and know how in disaster relief.  The Brazilian Army said it was the first time such a large military exercise has been held in the Amazon and would help prepare the armed forces of the three neighboring countries for a humanitarian crisis such as mass migration. Brazil has kept a close eye on economic and political upheaval in neighboring Venezuela that could trigger such an exodus. More than 30,000 Venezuelans have already fled over the border into the northern Brazilian state of Roraima, according to federal police. The Brazilian Army said Venezuela is one of the 19 countries sending observers for the so-called United America Operation. Brazilian Defense Minister Raul Jungmann will attend the jungle exercises on the weekend and then fly to Washington for three days of talks with Pentagon officials, his press representative said. ",1
15320,"U.N. warns if no Yemen aid access, world will see largest famine in decades","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - United Nations aid chief Mark Lowcock warned on Wednesday that if a Saudi-led military coalition did not allow humanitarian aid access to Yemen then it would cause  the largest famine the world has seen for many decades with millions of victims.  The Saudi-led military coalition fighting the Houthi movement in neighboring Yemen said on Monday it had closed all air, land and sea ports to the Arabian Peninsula country to stem the flow of arms to the Houthis from Iran. The move, which follows the interception of a missile fired toward the Saudi capital Riyadh on Saturday, is likely to worsen a humanitarian crisis in Yemen that according to the United Nations has pushed some seven million people to the brink of famine and left nearly 900,000 infected with cholera. Lowcock, who visited Yemen late last month, briefed the U.N. Security Council behind closed doors at the request of Sweden.   I have told the council that unless those measures are lifted ... there will be a famine in Yemen,  he told reporters.  It will be the largest famine the world has seen for many decades with millions of victims.  He said U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres spoke with Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir earlier on Wednesday and called for an immediate resumption of humanitarian access. Lowcock said the U.N. s World Food Programme was feeding seven million people a month in Yemen.  What we need is a winding down of the blockade ... so that we can save the lives of those people,  he said.  The U.N. Security Council expressed concern about the humanitarian situation, Italian U.N. Ambassador Sebastiano Cardi, council president for November, said after Lowcock s briefing.   The members of the Security Council emphasized ... the importance of keeping all Yemen s ports and airports functioning, including Hodeidah port, as a critical lifeline for humanitarian support and other essential supplies,  Cardi said. The United Nations and international aid organizations have long criticized the coalition for blocking aid access, especially to north Yemen, which is held by the Iran-aligned Houthi movement.  Humanitarian access through the ports was inadequate even before the measures that were announced on the 6th November,  said Lowcock, adding that there had also been no U.N. flights allowed into Yemen since Monday. The Saudi-led coalition has been targeting the Houthis since they seized parts of Yemen in 2015, including the capital Sanaa, forcing President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi to flee. Lowcock called for an immediate resumption of U.N. and other aid flights to Sanaa and Aden, assurances from the coalition that there would be no further disruptions to those flights, and immediate resumption of humanitarian and commercial port access. He also called for the coalition to allow a WFP ship to be pre-positioned off Aden and assurances that there would be no further disruption to its functions and demanded that all vessels that have passed U.N. inspection be allowed to offload. ",1
15321,Argentina congress passes law to fight corporate corruption,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Argentina s congress on Wednesday passed a law aimed at punishing companies for corruption by fining or blacklisting them from public contracts, a measure that comes as the judiciary reviews high-profile graft cases. The measure also includes a provision for companies to sign leniency agreements lessening their punishments in exchange for providing pertinent information to prosecutors. Fines can be up to five times the amount companies are determined to have obtained by illicit means and firms can be banned from bidding for public contracts for up to 10 years.  President Mauricio Macri has said the law was needed for Argentina to move forward with a corruption investigation involving Brazilian construction firm Odebrecht SA [ODBES.UL] that has roiled Latin America in recent years. The measure had already passed the Senate and on Wednesday passed the lower house with 144 votes in favor, six against and 31 abstentions.   We are changing! This law promotes corporate ethics and harshly punishes companies that participate in corruption,  Laura Alonso, head of the government s anti-corruption office, said on Twitter. The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development had urged Argentina to pass the law in order to comply with its Anti-Bribery Convention. Last week Amado Boudou, who had been former President Cristina Fernandez s economy minister and vice president, was arrested on corruption charges. Fernandez s former planning minister, Julio De Vido, was arrested on Oct. 25, just three days after Macri s  Cambiemos,  or  Let s Change,  coalition swept Argentina s Oct. 22 midterm elections. Boudou and De Vido deny wrongdoing and Fernandez s party has accused Macri of using the judicial system to persecute political opponents. ",1
15322,Niger deaths probe outcome expected in January: U.S. military,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. military said on Wednesday it has told families of four American soldiers killed during an ambush in Niger on Oct. 4 that it expected to complete its investigation into their deaths in January.   Families were informed that (the Africa Command s) investigation team will travel to locations in the U.S., Africa and Europe to gather information related to the investigation,  the Pentagon said in a statement. It said the probe was to be led Army Major General Roger Cloutier, the command s chief of staff, and families would be told if more time was needed. ",1
15323,EU parliament's Brexit negotiator: 'major issues' unresolved on citizens' rights,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) -  Major issues  must still be resolved on safeguarding citizens  rights after Brexit, the European Parliament s negotiator Guy Verhofstadt said on Wednesday, the eve of another round of divorce negotiations between London and Brussels.  The talks have been grinding slowly and Verhofstadt said that London s assurances on the status of EU citizens living in Britain were not good enough.  British Prime Minister Theresa May has said the two sides were  in touching distance  of a deal and said on Tuesday the British government expected most EU citizens currently living in Britain would be allowed to stay after Brexit in 2019.  We don t recognize reports suggesting that a deal on citizens  rights is almost finalised. There are still major issues that have to be resolved,  Verhofstadt said. He said one of his concerns was that Britain should grant a settled status to EU citizens based on a free-of-charge declaration while London s latest proposal envisaged a conditional application. A spokesman for the British government said  the UK has made a fair and serious offer on citizens  rights  and  real progress  was made in the latest round of negotiations.  Safeguarding the rights of EU citizens living in the UK, and UK nationals in the EU, is our first priority in the negotiations,  the spokesman said.  We want to provide as much certainty as soon as possible to the many EU citizens who have made their lives in the UK and who make a huge contribution to our country.  London hopes the 27 other EU states would assess enough progress has been made in divorce talks - covering the citizens, Britain s exit bill and the future Irish border - to open new discussions on a post-Brexit transition period and a future trade relationship as soon as possible.  The other 27 EU leaders will take another look on that in December though Germany and some others stress that is not a done deal and want London to improve exit terms, especially on the financial settlement. In a gesture toward the embattled May, however, the 27 launched internal preparations for the second set of negotiations in order to be ready with a unified position and able to present it to London swiftly once they are satisfied with progress in the divorce talks. ",1
15324,"Serbian, U.S. paratroopers to earn 'wings' during bilateral military exercise","BERLIN (Reuters) - Serbian and U.S. paratroopers will jump side-by-side during a joint exercise aimed at strengthening military ties with Serbia, the U.S. general in charge of NATO s Allied Air Command said, a move that could trigger protests from Moscow. In the exercise, which is taking place at the invitation of the Serbian government, paratroopers from both countries will jump side-by-side from 2 C-130J transport planes built by Lockheed Martin Corp in a so-called insertion exercise. About 100 U.S. Air Force and U.S. Army personnel will participate in the event, General Tod Wolters, who also oversees U.S. Air Forces in Europe and Africa, told Reuters.   They will actually get their paratroop wings as a result of these activities. These are confidence-building activities - relationships that will last for a lifetime. And they will certainly enhance the technical expertise of the Serbs,  he said. It was not immediately clear how many Serbian forces would participate. Wolters said tensions in the Balkans remained a challenge for NATO and the U.S. military, but engagement was key.  It will continue to be a challenge, but we ve got the right command focus. We ve got the right resources. We ve got the right dialogue and time will tell what unfolds,  he said. Any NATO-related activities in Serbia are a red flag for Russia, which worries about NATO expansion in the former communist east.  Moscow has also sought to bolster military ties with Belgrade with the donation of six MiG-29 fighter jets. Serbia has been performing a delicate balancing act between Russia and the West, rejecting calls by U.S. officials to pick a side. The largest of the states to emerge from the collapse of Yugoslavia in the 1990s, Orthodox Christian and Slavic Serbia has natural affinity with Moscow, but it is keen to join the European Union. Although the EU is Serbia s single largest trade partner and investor, Russia controls its oil and gas supplies. ",1
15325,UCLA basketball players arrested in China ahead of Trump's visit: reports,"SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Three UCLA men s basketball players were arrested in China for shoplifting on Tuesday, media said, a day before U.S. President Donald Trump arrived on his first official visit. The players arrested were freshmen LiAngelo Ball, Cody Riley and Jalen Hill, according to USA Today, the Los Angeles Times and ESPN, all of which cited unnamed sources familiar with the incident. Ball is the younger brother of National Basketball Association rookie Lonzo Ball of the Los Angeles Lakers. Reached by telephone at a hotel in the eastern city of Hangzhou on Wednesday, Ball declined to comment. ESPN said the three had been picked up by police at their hotel on Tuesday  and released on bail early on Wednesday. They were confined to their hotel pending legal proceedings, it said. The University of California, Los Angeles, declined to confirm the arrests but said it was  aware of a situation involving UCLA student-athletes in Hangzhou, China .  The university is cooperating fully with local authorities on this matter, and we have no further comment at this time,  UCLA Athletics said in a statement provided by spokeswoman Shana Wilson. The UCLA team had arrived in China on Sunday with plans to play Georgia Tech in both teams  regular-season opener on Saturday, according to statements from both teams. It traveled to Hangzhou, about three hours by bus from Shanghai, to visit the campus of e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA.N), sponsor of the annual Pac-12 games in China. The three players were questioned about stealing from a Louis Vuitton store next to the hotel where the team is staying, ESPN said. UCLA representatives, including coach Steve Alford, were at the police station while they were there, it said, citing an unidentified source. Pac-12 Commissioner Larry Scott said in a statement the conference was  disappointed by any situation that detracts from the positive student-athlete educational and cultural experience that this week is about.   Whether in the United States or abroad, we expect our student-athletes to uphold the highest standards. We will continue to closely monitor the situation,  he said. Chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said on Wednesday the Chinese government had reported the case to the U.S. side in accordance with consular agreements.  China is handling this case in accordance with the law and will guarantee the lawful rights in accordance with the law of those involved in this case,  she said. In a video posted on Twitter on Wednesday by Arash Markazi, a senior writer at ESPN, LaVar Ball said his son, LiAngelo, would be fine.  He ll be fine. Everyone s making it a big deal. It ain t that big a deal,  said Ball, the outspoken CEO of athletic apparel maker Big Baller Brand. Chinese President Xi Jinping led Trump on a private tour of the Forbidden City to kick off his visit on Wednesday. White House officials could not be immediately reached for  comment. Alibaba declined to comment, as did the Hangzhou police. A U.S. State Department official said the department was aware of reports of three citizens arrested in China and stood ready to provide assistance but had no further comment due to privacy considerations. Three players from Georgia Tech were questioned by the authorities in China on Tuesday at their hotel in Hangzhou but were later released by police, Georgia Tech athletics spokesman Mike Flynn said in a statement.  During the questioning, it was determined that Georgia Tech student-athletes were not involved in the activities being investigated. They have resumed their scheduled activities,  Flynn said. ",1
15326,EU states see Britain failing to meet Brexit divorce terms,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - EU envoys discussed on Wednesday delaying into next year the launch of talks with London on a post-Brexit relationship, raising the risk of businesses shifting out of Britain due to lack of clarity on what will happen after March 2019. A meeting of ambassadors from the other 27 EU states had been due to start discussing how to negotiate a transition that would start when Britain quits the bloc in 17 months. But instead, people familiar with the talks told Reuters, the discussion was dominated by concern that London would fail to meet EU conditions next month for opening future negotiations. Once again, lead powers Germany and France insisted British Prime Minister Theresa May agree in principle to pay an exit bill in the tens of billions of euros to Brussels before EU leaders agree to open a second phase of Brexit negotiations on the future relationship. They told May at a summit last month that they were ready to do that when they next meet, on Dec. 14. But British negotiators, who will be in Brussels on Thursday and Friday for more talks on that financial settlement, as well as rights for EU citizens and the Irish border,  should not think they are sailing ahead into the next phase , an EU official familiar with the envoys  discussions said.  While the transition and future relationship were formally on the agenda, what ambassadors focused very much on was real concern that the UK does not realize that the EU27 are deadly serious about the need to meet the  sufficient progress  mark on the three first-phase issues.  With May struggling with the loss of a second scandal-hit cabinet minister in a week, Germany, France and others are ramping up pressure on her to cut a deal in the knowledge that businesses are piling on their own demands for clarity before making investment decisions in the new year.  The focus was very much on the here and now and the fact that the UK is so far away from meeting the sufficient progress point and that we are rapidly running out of time,  the official added. Several diplomats gave similar accounts of the meeting.   We should not be pressured or rushed. They really must come with the money,  one senior EU diplomat said.      The European Parliament, which must approve any withdrawal treaty, added its voice on Wednesday. Its Brexit coordinator, Guy Verhofstadt said May s suggestion that agreement was close on citizens  rights was wide of the mark and that  major issues  remained unresolved to guarantee rights for EU nationals. The EU official said the ambassadors agreed that without  sufficient progress  on divorce issues in the next month, the talks would simply be extended into 2018 with no discussions on the future   talks that London is keen to start immediately.  If they don t move until early December, we ll have to think again what to do next,  the senior diplomat said.  Then there could be a take it or leave it offer from us, which would clearly not be very nice to Britain and at home they would fall under immense pressure to walk away from the talks.  Some Brexit backers in her own government have urged May to walk out without a withdrawal deal, arguing that the EU also has an interest in an orderly split and that the British economy can stand any disruption   a view not shared by many businesses. Several EU officials said Britain would have to abide by all EU laws in the transition period, even if they are changed during that time, but would have no vote on them. And that such a transition, which both sides have said should last less than two years, might have to be extended to give time for a trade pact.  It s impossible to get any bespoke trade deal in two years or so,  said an EU parliament official who deals with Brexit.  And for all that time the UK would be an EU colony   forced to accept all our laws with no say.  This is what I call a definition of colony.  ",1
15327,"Turkey, France and Italy to strengthen cooperation on missile defense: sources","ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey signed a letter of intent with France and Italy on Wednesday to strengthen cooperation on joint defense projects including air and missile defense systems, Turkish defense ministry sources said.  As a first step, the Franco-Italian EUROSAM consortium and Turkish companies will look into a system based on the SAMP-T missile system produced by EUROSAM and determine the common needs of the three countries, the sources said. NATO member Turkey says it plans to buy Russian S-400 surface-to-air missiles, a decision which has been seen in some Western capitals as a snub to the alliance, given tensions with Moscow over Ukraine and Syria. The Russian deal also raises concern because the weapons cannot be integrated into NATO defense.  That deal has not been consummated. There are no S-400s in Turkey as we speak,  U.S. Air Force General Tod Walters, head of NATO Allied Air Command, told Reuters in Berlin. He said he would continue to press Turkish air force officials to buy weapons that could work together with NATO systems, which the S-400 could not.  We obviously have systems in the region now that possess that capability and demonstrate a high, high degree of interoperability,  Wolters said.  Raytheon, which builds the Patriot missile defense system, had also put in offer before Turkey chose the S-400. Turkey has continued talks with the EUROSAM consortium, which came in second in the tender. NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg last month said Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan had told him that Ankara was discussing buying air defense systems from France and Italy in addition to the S-400s. The defense ministry sources said Turkey, France and Italy would strengthen cooperation on joint production of military electronic systems, software and simulation systems and warfare equipments, as well as air and missile defense systems. The letter of intent was signed in Brussels, where Turkey s Defence Minister Nurettin Canikli was attending a meeting of NATO defense ministers. ",1
15328,"Syrian army, allies, take last IS stronghold in Syria: commander","BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syria s army and its allies, spearheaded by Lebanon s Hezbollah, captured Islamic State s last stronghold in Syria on Wednesday, a commander in the alliance said, bringing the self-declared caliphate close to complete downfall.   The last stronghold of Daesh (Islamic State), Albu Kamal, is free of the Daesh organization,  said the commander in the military alliance supporting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.  Islamic State has been all but destroyed over the past two years. At the height of its power in 2015, it ruled an expanse of Iraq and Syria, eradicating the border, printing money, imposing draconian laws and plotting attacks across the world.     On Wednesday, after a months-long advance through central and eastern Syria, the Syrian army and allied Shi ite militias encircled and attacked Albu Kamal.  Hezbollah was  the foundation in the battle of Albu Kamal , said the commander, adding that hundreds of the elite forces of the Iran-backed Shi ite group took part in the battle.     Syrian state television declared  Albu Kamal is liberated . But a war monitor, the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, said it was not true that Albu Kamal was taken and there was still fighting in the area.  Albu Kamal is located on the border with Iraq on the bank of the Euphrates. During the battle, Hezbollah forces entered Iraq and the Iraqi Popular Mobilisation Forces crossed into Syria to help capture the town, the commander said.  Islamic State retains control over some areas of desert and villages nearby, as well as a town and some other villages in adjacent areas of Iraq, and in scattered pockets elsewhere in both countries. Despite its losses, Islamic State still has a territorial presence in Libya and elsewhere, and many governments expect it to remain a threat even after it loses the caliphate it declared from Mosul, Iraq, in 2014.  It has already carried out guerrilla operations in both Iraq and in Syria, and has continued to inspire lone militants to attack civilian targets in the West.  In Syria, the end of major operations against Islamic State may only prefigure a new phase of the war, as the rival forces which have seized territory from the jihadists square off. The Syrian army, alongside Hezbollah and other Shi ite militias, and backed by Iran and Russia, have seized swathes of central and eastern Syria in the advance against Islamic State this year. Russian official media have in recent weeks reported a surge of strategic bombing and cruise missile strikes on Islamic State targets in eastern Syria as the army advanced.   A U.S.-backed coalition has supported a rival campaign by the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias that have pushed Islamic State from much of the country s north and east. The Syrian government has sworn to recapture territory held by the SDF, including Islamic State s former capital Raqqa and  oil and gas fields east of the Euphrates.  In areas controlled by the SDF in northern Syria, Kurdish-led groups have established autonomy, announcing elections and setting internal policies.  On Tuesday, Bouthaina Shaaban, a senior adviser to Assad, described the U.S. forces aiding the SDF as illegal invaders. Washington has not spelled out how its military support for the SDF would evolve after Islamic State s defeat. Shaaban also pointed, in a television interview, to the example of Iraq, where the government retaliated against an autonomous Kurdish region after it held an independence referendum.  Iraqi military officials say small groups of Islamic State militants are still entrenched in the town of Rawa and the border desert strip with Syria. Scattered villages near al-Qaim, close to Albu Kamal, are still under militant control in an area called Rummana. The Iraqi Popular Mobilisation Forces (PMF), an alliance of militias, earlier on Wednesday denied it had crossed the Syrian border and was attacking Albu Kamal.       Our movements are carried out under orders from the commander in chief of the armed forces and our key objective is to liberate Iraq s territories from Daesh. We have no orders to cross the borders,  PMF spokesman Ahmed al-Asadi said.  ",1
15329,British aid minister Patel resigns in new test for PM May,"LONDON (Reuters) - British aid minister Priti Patel was forced from office on Wednesday over undisclosed meetings with Israeli officials after Prime Minister Theresa May sought to reassert her diminished authority as she negotiates Brexit. Patel, a Brexit campaigner who is popular in the ruling Conservative Party, had to abandon a trip to Africa earlier on Wednesday after being summoned by May to answer questions on more unsanctioned meetings that breached diplomatic protocol. After a hastily arranged meeting not long after Patel landed in London, May s office released her minister s letter of resignation, in which Patel said her conduct in Israel had fallen  below the high standards  required of her post.  While my actions were meant with the best of intentions, my actions also fell below the standards of transparency and openness that I have promoted and advocated,  Patel wrote in the letter to May.  I offer a fulsome apology to you and to the government for what has happened and offer my resignation.  May responded in a letter, saying:  Now that further details have come to light, it is right that you have decided to resign and adhere to the high standards of transparency and openness that you have advocated.  It was not clear who would replace Patel, who held the meetings during a holiday in Israel earlier this year. Under British protocol, a cabinet minister would normally organize meetings through the foreign office and be accompanied by officials, and visits with Israelis would typically be balanced with meetings with Palestinians. It is the second resignation in May s top team in a week, underlining her weakness at a time when she faces the complicated task of unravelling more than 40 years of ties with the European Union and holding a deeply divided party together. Patel s meetings with Israeli officials, which May s office said they were not aware of, and a reported visit to an Israeli army field hospital in the Golan Heights, have increased the pressure on the prime minister, who depends on a Northern Irish party in parliament to pass legislation. But while acting quickly to force Patel to resign, the loss of an enthusiastic Brexit campaigner from her cabinet team of top ministers could mean that May faces greater pressure from lawmakers to pursue a clean break from the EU.  Priti is more popular than Theresa, and has more contacts and influence overseas,  a senior Conservative source said.   If I was May, I wouldn t want Priti unleashed on the back benches,  the source said, using a term to describe lawmakers. Patel was sacked a week after May s ally Michael Fallon, her defense secretary, resigned in a sexual harassment scandal that was also caught up two other ministers, including her deputy, Damian Green.  In a week of crises, her foreign minister, Boris Johnson, on Tuesday was pressed to apologize over remarks he made about a jailed aid worker in Iran, which critics said could prompt the Islamic Republic to hand her a longer jail term. With Brexit talks all but hamstrung over how much Britain should pay to leave the European Union, opposition lawmakers and other critics are now openly questioning whether May can continue as prime minister.  There are times when a government has the stench of death about it,  Pat McFadden, a lawmaker from the main opposition  Labour Party, told parliament on Tuesday. ",1
15330,Senior Thai royal official dismissed in latest shake-up: palace,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thailand s Royal Household Bureau has dismissed a top palace official for  extremely evil behavior , a note on Wednesday said, in what appears to be the latest shake-up under new King Maha Vajiralongkorn. The removal of Grand Chamberlain Distorn Vajarodaya, whose role is to manage the royal household, was announced by the palace in a document dated Nov. 6, media reported. The document lists things that Distorn allegedly did including falsifying a 25 million baht ($754,830) charity receipt for royal honors and tax evasion in the name of the crown.  The Bureau of the Royal Household deemed Distorn s ... acts as disciplinary misconducts considered as extremely evil behavior deserving of dismissal from the civil service,  the royal household bureau said. A palace official told Reuters on Wednesday that she was unable to comment on the matter. Reuters was unable to reach Distorn for comment. Distorn s dismissal is the latest sign of the new king s assertiveness and part of an ongoing purge of officials who the palace says did not perform or behave according to their rank. King Vajiralongkorn, 65, who inherited the throne last year following the death of his father, King Bhumibol Adulyadej, has set about reordering the palace, including the way its finances are managed.  In February, a top palace official was also fired for   extremely evil  misconduct. Late King Bhumibol died in Oct. 2016 aged 88 after ruling for seven decades. During his reign, he helped revive the prestige of the monarchy with the help of a powerful palace public relations machine. He was cremated on Oct. 26 after a year of mourning. The funeral was attended by hundreds of thousands of people who thronged Bangkok s historic area to watch a series of spectacular processions and ancient Buddhist and Hindu rites and say goodbye. ",1
15331,"At least four dead, 18 missing in Colombia landslide","BOGOTA (Reuters) - A landslide killed at least four people and left 18 missing in southwest Colombia, authorities said on Wednesday, as the country grappled once again with the deadly pairing of heavy rains and poor infrastructure. Landslides are common in rural, mountainous areas of Colombia, especially during wetter parts of the year. In April more than 300 people died in a landslide in Mocoa, Putumayo. Warnings of flash flooding on Tuesday night near the town of Corinto, which sits at the foot of one of the country s Andean ranges in Cauca province, came too late, some residents told local media. Videos on social media showed water rushing down darkened streets as rain-swollen rivers overflowed and sent mud and rocks down onto buildings. President Juan Manuel Santos visited Corinto on Wednesday to  promise aid to its 30,000 residents, as rescue workers continued to search for the missing. The government said more than 3,000 people were evacuated from a nearby area before the landslide struck Tuesday evening. The government will pay rent for those left homeless and help with funeral expenses, Santos said. The local school, which partially collapsed, may have to be relocated, he said. ",1
15332,British aid minister Patel heading back to London: BBC,"LONDON (Reuters) - British aid minister Priti Patel is flying back to London after cancelling a planned trip to Africa, the BBC reported on Wednesday, after local media reported she was facing the sack for not fully disclosing meetings during a holiday to Israel. The BBC quoted unnamed sources as saying that she was on a plane. Some on social media suggested she would arrive in London at around 1500 GMT. ",1
15333,UK defense minister: PM May decides on cabinet hiring and firing,"LONDON (Reuters) - British defense minister Gavin Williamson said on Wednesday it was up to Prime Minister Theresa May to decide who serves in her top team, responding to a question about the political future of aid minister Priti Patel.  The prime minister makes her own decision on actually who is serving in her cabinet, and they re only the prime minister s decisions,  he told reporters in Brussels. ",1
15334,British minister arrives for PM meeting over undisclosed meetings,"LONDON (Reuters) - British aid minister Priti Patel arrived at the Downing Street residence of Prime Minister Theresa May on Wednesday, entering the building via a back door to answer questions over undisclosed meetings with Israeli officials. Television footage showed Patel arriving and entering Downing Street. ",1
15335,UK aid minister to resign rather than be sacked: BBC cites source,"LONDON (Reuters) - British aid minister Priti Patel will resign rather than be sacked by Prime Minister Theresa May, the BBC s political editor quoted an unnamed source as saying on Wednesday. Patel was meeting May on Wednesday to answer questions over undisclosed meetings with Israeli officials. ",1
15336,Zimbabwe's Mugabe: Beware of death on road to presidency,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s President Robert Mugabe said on Wednesday the route to leadership was long and full of  pitfalls and death , as he accused his fired deputy and former protege of showing impatience in his bid to succeed him. Addressing supporters at the headquarters of his ZANU-PF party in Harare, 93-year-old Mugabe accused Emmerson Mnangagwa of consulting witchdoctors and prophets as part of a campaign to secure the presidency. Mnangagwa, who was sacked by Mugabe on Monday and expelled from the ruling Zanu-PF party on Wednesday, said he had fled Zimbabwe because of death threats and was safe.  My sudden departure was caused by incessant threats on my person, life and family by those who have attempted before through various forms of elimination including poisoning,  he said in a statement on Wednesday. The head of the influential war veterans association, Chris Mutsvangwa, said that Mnangagwa, 75, would travel to Johannesburg in neighboring South Africa  very soon .  Mugabe said Mnangagwa, nicknamed  Crocodile , had made the same mistakes as Joice Mujuru, who was the president s deputy for 10 years until she was fired in 2014.  You should not try to say because the journey is long, then I should take a short cut to arrive quickly. The road has lions. There are pitfalls. There is death, beware,  he said.  There is no short cut to being the leader of the people. Just as there was no short cut to our independence.  ZANU-PF would move to discipline Mnangagwa s  co-conspirators , Mugabe added. Mnangagwa has not been seen in public since his dismissal from government but his ally Mutsvangwa said he was  safe and beyond the reach of the assassins . Mutsvangwa ruled out trying to remove Mugabe by force and said war veterans, who had publicly backed Mnangagwa and broke ranks with the president last year, would form a broad front with the opposition in elections next year.  We don t want to abuse the military to resolve a political problem. We don t want them to become the arbiter of political power,  Mutsvangwa said. He was critical of Mugabe s wife Grace, who looks set to become vice president after a special ZANU-PF congress in December.  This is a coup by marriage certificate ....and it will be resisted,  he said. ",1
15337,Cuban opposition falls at first hurdle as Castro handover looms,"HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuban opposition leaders said they failed to get anyone nominated as a candidate for municipal elections, falling at the first hurdle as the Communist-run island embarks on a political cycle that will end 60 years of Castro brothers  rule. This month s municipal elections are the first stage in a process that will conclude with a new national assembly voting in February for a president to replace 86-year-old Raul Castro, who has promised to step down after two five-year terms. Some Cubans hope the handover of power from the leaders of the 1959 revolution to a new generation will bring more political openness. Others neither expect nor want much to change, pointing out that Castro will remain head of the Communist Party, the only legal party in Cuba. In the one part of Cuba s political cycle where dissidents stand a chance of winning, neighborhood nomination assemblies have in recent weeks chosen candidates for elections to 12,515 ward positions in towns across the nation of 11 million people. Several hundred dissidents had sought nomination - an unprecedented number - although none made it through to the list of 27,221 candidates, according to opposition electoral platforms Otro18 and Candidates for Change. Dissident leaders blamed their failure partly on repressive tactics by authorities, but said they had shown there were viable political alternatives.   The process of democratization from below has started,  said Manuel Cuesta Morua, spokesman for Otro18. The government did not reply to a request for comment.     Reuters was unable to verify the opposition s figures and their efforts were not reported by state-run media, meaning most ordinary Cubans did not hear about them. In Cuba s provincial and national votes, candidates are nominated by commissions composed of representatives of Communist Party-controlled organizations such as the trade union federation. Cuba s leaders say the country s elections are more democratic than western models, which they say are characterized by big business and corruption. The fractured opposition has traditionally called Cuban elections a farce and boycotted them. Even so, opposition electoral platforms have emerged over the past few years, saying the time is ripe to change Cuba from within the system. The election comes at a delicate time, as Cuba battles to keep a detente with the United States alive and its economy afloat as aid from key ally Venezuela dwindles. Several dissidents told Reuters that authorities prevented them from attending or speaking at neighborhood nomination assemblies, shifting the dates or seeking to intimidate them.  State security threatened me,  said Abdel Legra, who decided against nominating himself as he did not want to get his neighbors, most of whom work for the state, in trouble by backing him.  The problem is that the vote is by hand count, it s public.  The postponement of the electoral cycle by a month, which authorities said was due to damage caused by Hurricane Irma, put a spanner in the works for several dissidents, who had already planned trips abroad. The Communist Party says it does not intervene in the elections. But in a leaked video, First Vice President Miguel Diaz-Canel, Castro s probable successor, said the party would seek to discredit  counter-revolutionary  candidates. Cuba brands all dissenters as mercenaries funded by foreign governments and exiles, out to topple the government. In 2015, two dissidents managed to get nominated but said election officials altered their autobiographies to say they had ties to  counter-revolutionaries  based or financed abroad. One of those, Hildebrando Chaviano, said he did not attend his assembly this year, saying he felt it would be a  circus.  Authorities visited his neighbors days before, he said, warning them not to vote for him. That assembly ended up nominating the current municipal delegate, a party veteran. Many dissidents said they would continue taking part in grassroots politics to get their voices heard. Chaviano said he was giving courses on leadership and economics.  This is just the beginning,  he said. ",1
15338,"Turkey's tourism earnings to reach $30 billion in 2018, minister says","LONDON (Reuters) - Turkey s crucial tourism sector should see revenues grow to $30 billion in 2018, helped by planned new incentives for tour operators and rising visitor numbers, the country s tourism minister, Numan Kurtulmus, said on Wednesday. Increased security fears following an attempted coup and a series of militant attacks slashed Turkey s tourism revenues in 2016 to $22.11 billion from $31.46 billion in 2015.  But numbers turned around in April, thanks to a surge in Russian tourists following an improvement in relations between Moscow and Ankara. Data for the third quarter of 2017 showed a rebound of nearly 40 percent year-on-year.  We are expecting 31.4 million visitors this year, and from that, revenue of $26 billion,  Kurtulmus told Reuters during a visit to London. In 2018, this would rise to 37 million to 38 million visitors, generating revenue of $30 billion, he said. Turkey s finance ministry in October predicted that tourism would generate $20 billion of revenue in 2017. Tourism has generated significant revenue for the $860 billion economy, which straddles Europe and Asia. In 2016, the government launched a plan to bolster the beleaguered sector. reut.rs/2jbKTa2 Kurtulmus said the cabinet was expected to sign off later this month on proposed new incentives to tour operators, offering them as much as $9,000 for every planeload of tourists they brought to the country, depending on the season. Turkey also hopes to become a greater health and sports tourism destination, he said, and to revive cruise travel, which suffered after concern over security led a number of operators to cancel trips in recent years.  We are working with other countries around the Mediterranean to come up with packages, to attract Westerners, especially visitors from the U.S.,  he said.  We are talking to Greece and others.  Turkey is also trying to attract visitors from Asia to broaden its appeal beyond its usual markets in Europe.  We are trying to open the doors of Far East countries - namely China, India, Japan, Korea, Indonesia and Malaysia,  Kurtulmus said.  They also have new real middle classes, especially China and India.  ",1
15339,Zimbabwe's ruling party expels former vice president Mnangagwa,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s former vice president Emmerson Mnangagwa, who was sacked by President Robert Mugabe this week, has been expelled from the ruling Zanu-PF, a party spokesman said on Wednesday. Mnangagwa, a liberation war veteran and a long-time ally of Mugabe, was until this week seen as a favorite to succeed the 93-year-old leader. But Mnangagwa s relationship with Mugabe s wife, Grace, has become increasingly strained as their two factions within Zanu-PF fight for dominance. Mnangagwa s removal on Monday came two days after Grace publicly called him a  coup plotter . ",1
15340,Last Islamic State town in Syria falls to army: commander,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syria s army and allies including Lebanon s Hezbollah have captured the last major Islamic State-held town in Syria, a commander in the military alliance supporting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad said on Wednesday.  The commander added that Iraqi Popular Mobilisation Forces also took part in the capture of Albu Kamal, located in Syria near the Iraqi border on the Euphrates river.  ",1
15341,Sunni Iraq VP supports PM Abadi for second term with conditions,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Iraq s top Sunni Muslim politician said on Wednesday he would back Shi ite Iraqi Prime Minister Haidar al-Abadi for a new term as long as conditions such as bringing Shi ite militias under state control and balancing relations with other countries are fulfilled. Osama al-Nujaifi, Baghdad s Sunni Vice President, was in Washington for talks with senior State Department and congressional officials to discuss issues facing Iraq as the battle against Islamic State winds down. Iraq will hold parliamentary elections on May 15. Abadi, who has not yet said whether he would seek a second term, took over the premiership in 2014 from Nuri al-Maliki, a close ally of Iran. Abadi is credited with quickly rebuilding the army and defeating Islamic State in its main Iraqi stronghold, Mosul, last July, with strong assistance from a U.S.-led coalition. Asked whether he would ally with Abadi, Nujaifi told Reuters in an interview:  This is very possible ... We may be able to ally with him but that hasn t happened yet ... We need talks, but his (politics) are the closest to us in the next elections.  Nujaifi said Abadi had to  determine his position,  given that he belonged to the Dawa party, a Shi ite group with close ties to Iran.  He has to leave this umbrella and embrace the national umbrella and he can get lots of support,  Nujaifi said.  We support him but not without conditions. There must be political agreement based on mutual interests of Iraqis, an exit from sectarian politics ... controlling the weapons, and the balance in relationship with countries ... If we agree on these things, we can be together.  Nujaifi singled out the Iran-backed Shi ite militia forces known as Popular Mobilisation Forces (PMFs) as one of the biggest challenges in post-Islamic State Iraq, and said it would be impossible to hold elections if their weaponry was not brought under government control. Iranian-backed militia groups were formed after Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani called on Iraqis to defend their country days after Islamic State seized control of the northern city of Mosul. They played a major role in protecting Baghdad and pushing back Islamic State. But the militias have also created headaches for the government. Many of them have ties to Iran and have amassed vast military and political influence. Abadi has promised to rein in the militias but it is a daunting task and Iraqi and Western officials say he is too weak to take on the militias directly. Parliament approved a law late last year that will transform PMFs into a legal and separate military corps.  This of course shapes a threat to stability in Iraq if these weapons are not controlled and melded with the armed forces. If there s any political disagreement, it could turn into armed confrontations ... The only correct way is to meld these forces with the armed forces and to control them.   It is unreasonable to run the elections under the shadow of the spread of all these weapons or with the displacement of millions of people ... This will distort these elections.  Asked whether the Baghdad government had the will to remove them from Iraqi cities, he said:  I think that is natural, but they (PMFs) have influence in Baghdad .... Their role and their influence on the state is very big. It s not easy for the prime minister to force them to do something outside their attitudes,  Nujaifi said. Abadi declared victory over Islamic State in Mosul in the summer after a months-long battle, three years after the militants seized the city and made it the stronghold of a  caliphate  they said would take over the world. Nujaifi said Mosul would need at least $30 billion to rebuild the city and its infrastructure.  Estimates indicate that 70 percent of the city was destroyed or largely destroyed. The infrastructure, all aspects of life, water, energy, the hospitals are all destroyed.  ",1
15342,NATO agrees new military commands to protect Europe,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - NATO allies backed plans on Wednesday for two new military headquarters to help protect Europe in the event of a conflict with Russia, laying the ground for the U.S.-led alliance s biggest expansion in decades. Hoping to add to its deterrent factor against Russia, NATO defense ministers agreed to create an Atlantic command and a logistics command to help respond more quickly to threats in Europe, officials said.  This is vital for our transatlantic alliance,  NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg told a news conference.  It is about how to move forces across the Atlantic and how to move forces across Europe.  Costs will not be discussed until 2018 but the two new regional bases have broad support and show NATO s focus on its traditional task of defending its territory after out-of-area campaigns in the Balkans, Libya and Afghanistan in recent years. Germany is eager to host the logistics command, diplomats said, given its strategic location straddling central Europe, allowing for swift movement of equipment and personnel across borders in the event of a conflict.  Maritime nations such as Portugal, Spain, France and the United States could host the Atlantic command, diplomats said, stressing that no decision had yet been taken.  In a staggered response to Russia s 2014 annexation of Ukraine s Crimea peninsula, NATO has already put troops on rotation in the Baltic states and Poland, strengthened its presence in the Black Sea and sought to modernize its forces. The Kremlin, which denies harboring any aggressive intentions toward Europe, has condemned the moves as an attempt to encircle Russia. NATO says Russia s war games in September, which massed tens of thousands of troops on the alliance s eastern flank, are another reason for it to be better prepared to deter Moscow. Russia has increased its naval patrols in the Baltic Sea, the north Atlantic and the Arctic and deployed submarines, NATO officials say, although the size of its navy is smaller now than during the Cold War era.  We want to pull NATO back to Europe, and we want to focus more on NATO s maritime role,  Norway s Defence Minister Frank Bakke-Jensen said.  The new Atlantic Command would survey a vast area and have the task of making sea lanes safe for U.S. reinforcements to Europe, manned by experts in cyber warfare as well as conventional weapons. The maritime area between Greenland, Iceland and Britain is a clear vulnerability for NATO in a conflict and that needs better surveillance in peacetime, diplomats said. The decision is unlikely to revive a much larger Cold War-era Atlantic Command that was disbanded in 2002, but it would mean an expansion for NATO after years of cutbacks following the fall of the Soviet Union. At the height of the Cold War, the number of personnel manning NATO s then 33 commands reached 22,000. There are just seven such commands today, with fewer than 7,000 people. NATO countries also agreed on Wednesday to provide cyber weapons to top commanders for use in military operations and missions, officials said, potentially allowing the alliance to take on computer hackers for the first time. The step follows NATO s decision last year to make cyber a domain of warfare along with land, sea and air, although until now commanders were limited to defensive tasks. Under the agreement taken by NATO defense ministers, alliance commanders can now call on allies such as the United States and Britain to take down a hostile server or a website, although the details have yet to be formalized.  It may be a more proportionate response,  Stoltenberg said. ",1
15343,British aid minister resigns over undisclosed meetings in Israel,"LONDON (Reuters) - British aid minister Priti Patel resigned on Wednesday, saying her actions had fallen  below the high standards that are expected  of her position when she failed to disclose meetings with Israeli officials during a holiday. After meeting Theresa May, the prime minister s office released Patel s resignation letter in which she apologized for causing  a distraction  from the work of government. May responded in a letter to say she believed Patel s decision was  right . ",1
15344,Catalan strike severs road links as secessionist leader regroups,"BARCELONA/MADRID (Reuters) - A general strike called by pro-independence campaigners in Catalonia closed shops and severed transport links on Wednesday, as the region s deposed leader lost political momentum after failing to seal an electoral pact with another party. Protesters closed roads, causing huge tailbacks into Barcelona, while some public transport ran minimum services and some smaller stores remained shuttered. Reuters saw hundreds of strikers gathered in Barcelona s main Sant Jaume square to protest the imprisonment of politicians, chanting the name of ex-leader Carles Puigdemont and referring to him as  our president . But he faces an uphill task to maintain influence after he missed a deadline of midnight on Tuesday to agree a pro-secessionist pact for a regional election with his former vice president Oriol Junqueras. The central government in Madrid called the election for Dec. 21 after last month assuming control of Catalonia following its parliament s unilateral independence declaration. Spain s Constitutional Court on Wednesday officially annulled the declaration, which it had suspended, a widely expected ruling. Catalonia s secessionist push has plunged Spain into its worst political crisis in four decades, leading to a business exodus and reopened old wounds from the civil war in the 1930s. Junqueras is in custody on charges of sedition, rebellion and misuse of public funds. But polls show his leftist ERC party will win three times as many seats next month in the regional assembly than the centre-right PDeCAT of Puigdemont, who is in self-imposed exile in Belgium and facing the same charges. If that forecast proves correct  it represents a very uncomfortable position for Puigdemont,  said Jose Miguel de Elias, of political consultancy Sigma Dos.  If (the secessionists) get enough seats to form a government, he would be vice president, which ... would not suit him.  In Catalonia there was a mixed reaction to the pro-independence strike, called by two civic groups, whose heads were imprisoned last month on sedition charges, and a labor union. People stood across dozens of major highways waving placards and chanting  freedom for political prisoners , TV and video images showed, while minor scuffles were reported on social media as police attempted to move protesters. While many smaller stores left their shutters down due the strike, most larger shops and businesses appeared to be open as normal.  Why should I strike, nobody is going to raise my salary... The politicians should work more and stop their silliness,  Jose Luis, a Barcelona construction worker, told Reuters TV on his way to work. Protester Josep Cardona, a 55-year-old office worker, had not joined a previous strike, but this time  with putting people in prison, it has all gone too far,  he said. Strike supporter Nuria Catalana, a 64-year-old nurse, said she had favored a pro-secessionist electoral pact, but understood the difficulties involved.  We ll have to see if they really pay attention to whoever wins the election. We have to continue the struggle,  she said. Puigdemont had ambitions to garner support for his independence campaign in the heartland of the European Union.  But that hope has fallen flat, and in an interview published on Wednesday he renewed criticism of the bloc s executive.  (EU Commission President Jean-Claude) Juncker welcomes mayors, governors ... but he doesn t want to meet me,  Puigdemont told Belgian Daily De Standaard.   I ve always been a convinced European ... But the people who are running the EU now are wrecking Europe.  Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy, who has been unwavering in his opposition to any form of independence for Catalonia, said he hoped next month s election would usher in  a period of calm  and business as usual for the region.  I m hoping for massive participation ... and, after that, we ll return to normality,  he said in the Madrid parliament building on Wednesday. An opinion poll released on Sunday by Barcelona-based newspaper La Vanguardia showed Junqueras  ERC could garner 45 or 46 seats in the regional assembly and Puigdemont s PdeCat just 14 or 15. That would leave them needing to form a parliamentary alliance with anti-capitalist CUP to reach the 68-seat threshold for a majority. ERC and PDeCAT could still reach an agreement after the vote, but by standing together they could have held more seats, polls and projections from the 2015 election results showed. ",1
15345,NATO to send more troops to Afghanistan after U.S. shift,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - NATO is set to agree on Thursday to increase its Afghanistan training mission by some 3,000 troops, alliance officials said, after the United States switched tack in long-running efforts to defeat Taliban militants and end the conflict. Fresh NATO personnel will not have a combat role but the alliance hopes more soldiers can train the Afghan army and air force to complement U.S. President Donald Trump s strategy to send more American counter-terrorism troops to the country.  We have decided to increase the number of troops ... to help the Afghans break the stalemate, to send a message to the Taliban, to the insurgents that they will not win on the battleground,  NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg told a news conference on Tuesday. NATO defense ministers are expected to approve the deployment in the latter part of a two-day meeting that starts on Wednesday. The troops would be deployed from the start of 2018, a NATO official said. The West says it is determined to stabilize a country facing resurgent rebels 16 years after the United States sought to topple the Taliban rulers who had harbored the al Qaeda militants behind attacks on New York and Washington. Stoltenberg said an attack on Tuesday on a television station in Kabul underlined the importance of fighting militants and supporting Afghan security forces. Islamic State claimed responsibility for the assault, without giving evidence. Trump s envoy to NATO, Ambassador Kay Bailey Hutchinson, said the U.S. goal was to show Taliban militants they could not win in military combat.  Trump s strategy in Afghanistan, unveiled in August, rests on providing more troops, a stronger Afghan army, support from regional allies such as India and a harder line with Pakistan. U.S. officials say Pakistan provides refuge and support to the Taliban and other extremist groups, which Pakistan denies.  We d like to see Pakistan come in, in a positive effort to help stabilize Afghanistan,  Hutchinson said. There have been several attempts in recent years to broker a settlement between the Western-backed government in Kabul and the Taliban, but all have failed. Without the militants at the table, experts say it is hard to envisage a peace settlement. NATO allies have already promised almost $3 billion to help the United States fund the Afghan military until 2020, which is developing an air force to complement its ground forces.  Troop contributions had rested on NATO allies seeing more details about Trump s strategy, diplomats said. The NATO contribution would boost the training mission, called Resolute Support, to around 16,000 troops, Stoltenberg said. About half the additional troops would come from the United States and the rest from NATO allies and partner countries. U.S. Army General John Nicholson, the commander of the Resolute Support mission and of U.S. forces in Afghanistan, said in February that a few thousand more troops would make a difference. About 11,000 U.S. troops are serving in Afghanistan, the Pentagon said in August, including almost 7,000 in Resolute Support, according to NATO data. Under Trump s new strategy, U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said in September that more than 3,000 additional U.S. troops would be deployed to Afghanistan. Taken together, the new deployments could take the total number of Western troops in the country to above 20,000, according to current and projected troop numbers   well below a 2011 peak of more than 100,000.  ",1
15346,China's Xi fetes Trump on first day of Beijing trip,"BEIJING (Reuters) - With lavish pageantry and an uncharacteristic personal flourish, Chinese President Xi Jinping on Wednesday rolled out a red carpet welcome for U.S President Donald Trump at the Forbidden City, the ancient home of China s emperors. While North Korea and trade are set to dominate the formal part of the visit, which ends on Friday, China has been keen to show the importance it puts on Trump s visit, the first by a foreign leader since the end of a key Communist Party congress last month where Xi cemented his power. Trump and his wife Melania were whisked from Beijing airport - where they were met by China s top diplomat Yang Jiechi, a key player in the outreach to Trump since he won election a year ago - straight to the Forbidden City. Chatting over cups of tea, Trump showed Xi a video of his granddaughter Arabella Kushner singing in Mandarin and reciting classical Chinese poetry, prompting Xi to compliment her performance as worthy of an  A+ , Chinese state media said.  Xi said he hoped Arabella would visit China soon, noting that she was already a  child star  in China, the official Xinhua news agency said. A video of Arabella reciting a Chinese poem went viral on Chinese social media shortly after Trump s election last year. In another break from precedent, Xi himself gave the Trumps a tour of the imperial treasures of the Forbidden City, a UNESCO World Heritage site cleared of tourists for the day, before the two first couples watched Chinese opera and an acrobatic display.  That s something!  Trump said after the show, as he and Xi walked away.  We re having a great time.  China had widely been expected to pull out all the stops for Trump, who has pressed it to do more to control its neighbor North Korea, and resolve a yawning trade gap with the United States.  The ceremony on Trump s arrival at Beijing s airport on Wednesday was also more elaborate than usual, with the Trumps met by a marching band and soldiers standing at attention. Smartly dressed children waving miniature Chinese and American flags jumped up and down as Trump s motorcade passed.  In another rare, if not unprecedented step, Trump s official ceremonial welcome at the Great Hall of the People on Thursday will be broadcast live on national television, state broadcaster CCTV said. While the sprawling palace complex in the center of Beijing is a regular stop for visiting dignitaries, it is rare for a Chinese leader to provide a personal escort, confirmation of the  state visit-plus  treatment that China had promised for Trump. ",1
15347,Tornado replacement must be fifth generation: German air force chief,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The German military needs a  fifth-generation  replacement for its Tornado fighter jets that is hard to detect on enemy radars and can strike targets from a great distance, the chief of staff of the air force said on Wednesday. Lieutenant General Karl Muellner s comments are his clearest public statements to date on the Tornado replacement program. They indicate a preference for Lockheed Martin Corp s F-35 fighter jet, the only Western aircraft that meets those requirements. The air force last month issued a formal request for information about the F-35, as well as three other jets: the F-15 and F/A-18E/F, both built by Boeing Co, and the European Eurofighter Typhoon. Germany is kicking off the process of replacing its 85 Tornado jets, which will go out of service around 2030. The program could be worth billions of euros for the winning bidder in coming years.  Muellner told Reuters Germany would need to buy an off-the-shelf replacement that could enter service around 2025 to facilitate a smooth transition with the Tornado, noting that did not leave enough time to develop a unique solution. But he said changing warfare requirements and the need for a credible deterrent meant the successor fighter had to be  low-observable, and able to identify and strike targets from a great distance .   It will have to be a fifth-generation jet to meet the full spectrum of our needs,  Muellner said. Many German allies in Europe, including Norway, the Netherlands, Britain, Italy, Turkey and Denmark have selected the F-35 and some have received initial deliveries. Belgium is expected to make a decision next year. Lockheed is rolling out the red carpet, bringing its F-35 flight simulator to Berlin and offering members of parliament, ministry and military officials and a journalists a chance to  fly  the stealthy single-seat, single-engine fighter. It even printed a new version of its standard F-35 lapel pin in the black, red and gold colors of Germany s flag. Any new fighter jet purchase would have to be approved by parliament in the next two years and a contract signed by 2020 or 2021 to ensure deliveries by 2025. A purchase of around 100 jets would help ensure German industry got a decent share of work on the program. Steve Over, Lockheed s director of F-35 international business development, welcomed the comments and said Lockheed stood ready to support the German government in its selection process. He said most F-35 foreign military sales involved some work for companies in the buying country. Over told Reuters the price of the aircraft would have dropped to around $80 million by the time Germany would need to sign a contract. He said interest was growing in the F-35 given the changing threat environment.  It s really about giving nations a deterrent capability. Because if you re got the capability to take an airplane into another country s airspace and they don t even know you re there, that s an incredible deterrent,  he said. Muellner said he also strongly supported a Franco-German plan to develop a successor for its fleet of what will be 140  Eurofighter Typhoon jets, built by Britain s BAE Systems Plc, Italy s Leonardo and Airbus. The project, unveiled in July, would help preserve critical technology skills in Europe and allow Europe to develop its own low-observable technology, Muellner said. Airbus last week said that choosing an interim U.S. fighter that could eventually become a longer term commitment might interfere with the Franco-German fighter. Industry sources said a decision to order the F-35 would be negative for Airbus, which is part of the Eurofighter consortium and is seen as one of the key partners in the Franco-German initiative announced earlier this year. Muellner said the German air force had also committed to NATO to provide a fleet of 14 electronic warfare aircraft by the middle of the next decade, which meant it would likely have to buy around 20 such jets. Possible candidates could be the Boeing EA-18 Growler, a modified A400M transport plane that could provide stand-off jamming capability, or a modified Eurofighter, experts said. No decisions on that program have been made. ",1
15348,"Maradona backs Venezuela's Maduro, signs for World Cup coverage","CARACAS (Reuters) - Former Argentine soccer great Diego Maradona has voiced fervent support for Venezuela s socialist President Nicolas Maduro and signed up to work for Caracas-based Telesur TV during next year s World Cup in Russia. Maradona, a World Cup winner in 1986 and longtime backer of leftist causes around the world, stated his loyalty to Maduro during a visit this week to Venezuela. Other sports and entertainment personalities this year have berated Maduro, who has faced down months of opposition protests and a chorus of international censure for alleged rights abuses.   I am here to give my support to Nicolas ... long live Maduro!  the 57-year-old Maradona said after a kickaround with the Venezuelan president late on Tuesday.  A beaming Maduro, 54, gave Maradona a photo of his predecessor Hugo Chavez with the former player, as well as a Venezuelan national team shirt.  Putting on this shirt means a lot for our  Commander  (Chavez), for Nicolas who has resisted so much battering by the opposition,  Maradona said, kissing the picture and hugging Maduro. Maradona s support for Maduro comes after Venezuelan opposition supporters took to the streets this year in protests that led to at least 125 deaths and brought fierce criticism from personalities including the manager of the national soccer team. Maduro says he is facing a United States-led global right-wing conspiracy against him. Maradona on Monday signed up to work as a pundit for regional Telesur broadcaster, which is funded by Venezuela and other leftist governments in Latin America, during the World Cup in Russia in 2018. The popular Maradona, who delights in courting controversy with strong opinions on politics and soccer and has often crossed swords with soccer s global ruling body FIFA, also worked for Telesur during the Brazil World Cup in 2014. ",1
15349,"Iran's Velayati says east Syria, Idlib to be cleared 'soon'","AMMAN (Reuters) - The top adviser to Iran s supreme leader said he expects the Syrian army to soon recapture rebel-held Idlib province, as well as eastern Syria, an area where U.S.-backed militias hold swathes of territory. Iran is a close ally of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and the Iranian official, Ali Akbar Velayati, was speaking in Aleppo, from which the Syrian army drove rebels after a siege last year with help from Tehran.      The military alliance backing Assad, which also includes Russia and Shi ite Muslim militias, has this year focused on the war in central and eastern Syria against Islamic State (IS) militants.  But Damascus is now setting its sights on territory held by Kurdish-led forces backed by a U.S.-led coalition that has also been fighting the Sunni Muslim IS in northern and eastern Syria.   Soon we will see the eastern Syria cleared, and then the Idlib area in west,  said Velayati, the top aide to Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, in comments reported by Mehr news agency. He also hailed the success of Iranian allies across the region, including Lebanon s Hezbollah, in remarks likely to infuriate Tehran s main regional foe Saudi Arabia, lauding a  resistance line  from Tehran to Beirut.      Assad s forces have also made some advances into rebel-held areas in northwest Syria adjacent to Idlib, a region that represents the insurgents  biggest remaining stronghold.  Visiting Aleppo, Velayati was quoted by a military news outlet run by Hezbollah as saying Tehran s involvement in the Syrian civil war had averted wider violence.   The resistance line starts from Tehran and passes through Baghdad, Damascus and Beirut to reach Palestine,  he was quoted as telling a group of Shi ite militia volunteers by a military news outlet run by Hezbollah. Iran s role, first by providing military advisers and then by training and arming Shi ite militia in support of Assad, has not only helped shape the Syrian conflict, it has strengthened Tehran s own hand across the region. For the first time, Iran s revolutionary theocracy is exerting decisive authority in an arc of influence that Sunni Arab powers, particularly Saudi Arabia, have been warning about for years. The Hezbollah news outlet said the fighters Velayati was addressing had come to defend the Sayeda Zeinab shrine in Damascus, a magnet for thousands of Iraqi and Afghan Shi ite militia recruits who go there before being assigned to front lines to fight Sunni rebel groups opposed to Assad. Almost every Shi ite militiaman bears insignia on his combat fatigues with the words  For your sake, Sayeda Zeinab . Velayati s visit was the second by a senior Iranian official to the war-torn country in nearly two weeks, showing how Tehran is openly raising its support for the Syrian government. Iran s military chief of staff paid a rare visit to Syria last month in which he warned Israel against breaching Syrian air space and territory a day before he visited a frontline position near Aleppo. Saudi Arabia, its Arab allies and regional powerhouse Israel accuse Iran of seeking to expand its influence in the Arab world with the goal of carving out a land route through Iraq and Syria to the Mediterranean. The Syrian opposition also say Shi ite Iran s military presence in Syria stokes sectarian conflict and blames its militias for demographic changes that have uprooted Sunnis. ",1
15350,Saudi coalition lets Yemen's Aden port reopen,"ADEN (Reuters) - The Saudi-led military coalition fighting the Houthi movement in Yemen has allowed work to resume at the southern port of Aden, two days after ordering a nationwide stoppage, an official there said on Wednesday.  The coalition said on Monday it would close all air, land and sea ports in Yemen to stem the flow of arms to the Houthis from Iran.  We were officially notified by the coalition this afternoon that the closure will be lifted and work will resume as normal,  the official, who declined to be named, said. He did not give any reasons, though Aden is largely controlled by the coalition. ",1
15351,Ukraine's Tymoshenko expects fair U.S. ruling after Manafort indicted,"KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainian opposition leader Yulia Tymoshenko said on Wednesday she has faith in the United States justice system to do the right thing after last week s indictment of Paul Manafort, the man who helped bring her arch enemy to power. A political survivor and the strident voice of Ukraine s 2004/2005 Orange Revolution, Tymoshenko was jailed during the pro-Kremlin presidency of Viktor Yanukovich in 2011 in a case condemned by Western leaders as selective justice. According to the indictment of Manafort, who was a consultant to Yanukovich s Party of Regions before becoming Donald Trump s campaign manager, Manafort used offshore accounts to secretly pay $4 million for a report on her imprisonment. Ordered under house arrest as he awaits trial, Manafort has pleaded not guilty to a 12-count indictment on charges that include money laundering and failing to register as a foreign agent of Yanukovich s government. Money laundering allegations against Manafort are not new: Tymoshenko herself made them in a legal case she filed in New York against Yanukovich, Manafort and others that was dismissed in September 2015.   As a result of the work of Yanukovich and his circle, I ended up in prison,  the 56-year-old Tymoshenko said in an interview, in her first public comments about Manafort since his indictment. She said Yanukovich spent huge sums to blacken her name,  ... without doubt this affected my life and that of my family and team in a certain way, and Ukraine as well,  she said.    That is why I believe that U.S. justice will deal with the details, including our claims, and we will get a ruling from one of the most effective legal systems in the world - the U.S. system.  Manafort joined the Trump presidential campaign in March 2016 and later became campaign manager, but he was forced to resign in August as questions emerged about his previous work for Yanukovich s party. She used her fiery brand of oratory to try to humiliate Yanukovich, but he proved her nemesis after beating her in a 2010 election for president.  She was charged with abuse of power in relation to a gas import agreement signed with Russia in 2009 as prime minister and was jailed. She was freed from prison in February 2014 after Yanukovich fled into exile to Russia during the pro-Western Maidan protests and she addressed crowds from a wheelchair on Kiev s Independence Square because of chronic back trouble. The crowd s sympathy for her condition did not help her though to regain a place in the new pro-western leadership and she lost to President Petro Poroshenko in the 2014 election.  But the two-time prime minister who still sports a trademark peasant braid in her hair is now Poroshenko s main challenger at presidential and parliamentary elections due in 2019, according to opinion polls. Tymoshenko said Kiev should have a new type of agreement with the International Monetary Fund, which has propped up Ukraine s economy with a $17.5 billion aid program conditional on economic reforms and tackling entrenched graft.  The IMF program is in choppy waters: as of now Ukraine has refused to implement a sharp hike in gas prices it had previously agreed to, while the Fund is also studying whether recently passed pension changes pass muster.  When I served as prime minister I cooperated with the IMF and I believe that Ukraine can have positive cooperation with the IMF,  she said, when asked whether she would do as the IMF says or abandon the program.  But it seems to me that there needs to be a different emphasis in this cooperation.  She said the program should be focused not on what she termed a reduction in social spending, but instead on tax reform and reducing the size of Ukraine s shadow economy. ",1
15352,EU to sign joint defense pact in show of post-Brexit unity,"BERLIN/BRUSSELS (Reuters) - At least 20 countries in the European Union will sign up to a new defense pact next week, promoted by France and Germany, to fund and develop joint military hardware in a show of unity following Britain s decision to quit the bloc. After years of spending cutbacks in Europe and a heavy reliance on the United States through the NATO alliance, France and Germany hope the accord, to be signed on Nov. 13 in Brussels, will tie nations into tighter defense collaboration covering troops and weapons. The Permanent Structured Cooperation, or PESCO, could be the biggest leap in EU defense policy in decades and may go some way to matching the bloc s economic and trade prowess with a more powerful military. But differences remain between Paris and Berlin over what countries legally bound by the pact should do, EU diplomats said.  France wanted a core group of governments to bring money and military assets to PESCO as well as a willingness to intervene abroad. Germany has sought to broaden the pact to make it inclusive, which some experts say could make it less effective.   This has to bring about a higher level of commitment if it is going to work,  said a EU official, describing PESCO as a  defense marriage .  The EU already has plenty of forums for discussion,  the official said. So far France, Germany, Italy, Spain and around 16 other EU countries have pledged to join the pact, which could formally be launched when EU leaders meet in December. Some other members,  including Denmark, Portugal, Malta and Ireland, have yet to commit themselves publicly. But it was clear that Britain, which intends to leave the bloc following the Brexit referendum of June 2016, would not participate, officials said. Britain has long sought to block EU defense cooperation, fearing it could result in an EU army. French diplomats said the pact would have several areas where EU governments would agree to work together and pledge funds, including EU military operations, investment and acquiring defense capabilities together as a group. A German official said the initiative won momentum from French President Emmanuel Macron s call for a European intervention force in September and U.S. President Donald Trump s insistence that Europe do more for its security. Proposals for PESCO include work on a European medical command and a network of logistic hubs in Europe, creation of a crisis response center, and joint training of military officers. A key goal is to reduce the numbers of weapons systems and prevent duplication to save money and improve joint operations. It could also serve as an umbrella for projects such as a Franco-German initiative to design a new fighter jet, and existing bilateral military cooperation agreements, such as the close ties between Germany and the Netherlands. Efforts under the pact will be closely coordinated with the U.S.-led NATO alliance to ensure transparency and avoid any redundancies, the German official said. One area where NATO and EU officials see common ground is in the need for a military zone for free movement of troops and equipment, loosely based on the EU s passport-free travel  Schengen  zone.  I welcome integration to the maximum extent practical. We obviously want to avoid duplication and maximize transparency,  U.S. Air Force General Tod Wolters, NATO Allied Air Commander, told Reuters. Under the plans, the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation would focus on collective defense, while PESCO would ensure a quicker and more efficient EU response to events like the 2014 Ebola crisis in Africa, the official said.  This will not happen in competition with NATO,  the German official said.  ",1
15353,Factbox: EU's vision of post-Brexit transition and future ties with Britain,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union wants a post-Brexit transition in which Britain would no longer have a say in the bloc but would still fall under EU laws, according to EU documents and diplomats of the bloc s 27 remaining states. Here is a summary of the EU s vision of both the immediate period after Britain leaves the bloc and its future trade relationship, as outlined in the documents seen by Reuters ahead of a meeting of the 27 on Wednesday.    The EU plans to engage with Britain on these two issues only after the first, ongoing round of divorce talks advances enough to merit new negotiations with London on what comes after Brexit. The current, slow-moving talks have focused mainly on matters surrounding Britain s actual split from the bloc, namely the exit bill, safeguarding expatriate rights and the future Irish border. The EU is waiting for Britain s moves on these key issues before it agrees to open talks about the transition and future ties. That may happen in December but is not a given.  * Crucially, the EU is determined to ensure Brexit does not leave Britain better off economically or otherwise, as this could create a precedent undermining the bloc s purpose and existence in the future. A discussion document for the Wednesday meeting in Brussels hence says that  a non-member of the Union, that does not live up to the same obligations as a member, cannot have the same rights and enjoy the same benefits as a member.  * Britain s request for a transition period of about two years in which the status quo would be largely preserved  would require a temporary application of Union law to and within the United Kingdom together with... regulatory, budgetary, supervisory, judiciary and enforcement instruments and structures,  it reads. * EU 27 will look further into how such a temporary arrangement would impact the bloc s cooperation with third countries, including on trade, fisheries or air transport. * The bloc will also seek to ensure Britain adheres to EU rules - including any changes - during transition, and the possible avenue for communication with London since it would  no longer be represented in the EU institutions and participate in the decision-making process.   * For any agreement on the future ties with London, the EU expects safeguards to preserve financial stability and rules out British participation in parts, but not all, of its single market. * The bloc is keen to protect itself against  unfair competitive advantages through... tax, social, environmental and regulatory measures and practices.  * Beyond trade, the EU is keen to maintain cooperation with Britain on security - including fighting terrorism and international crime - defense and foreign policy. * The bloc seeks a  balance of rights and obligations  for Britain and is determined to preserve the  indivisible  four freedoms of its single market - of goods, capital, services and labor.  * Inside the bloc, the EU wants to preserve the role of the top European Court of Justice, from whose jurisdiction London wants to remove itself. * After Britain leaves, no agreement between the EU and UK would apply to Gibraltar without a separate accord between London and Madrid.      * In preparing their own stance on transition and future ties, the 27 will  bear in mind the UK position.  ",1
15354,"In Abu Dhabi, France's Macron says must remain firm with Iran","ABU DHABI (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron said on Wednesday he wanted to remain firm with Iran regarding its ballistic missile program and influence in the Middle East, but warned regional countries against exacerbating rising tensions. The French leader arrived in the United Arab Emirates on Wednesday for a two-day visit that will see him inaugurate a new Louvre museum, hold talks on the geopolitical situation with Abu Dhabi Crown Prince Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed al-Nahyan, before ending his trip in Dubai to attend an economic forum. In an interview with the government-linked al-Ittihad newspaper posted on the French embassy website, Macron repeated his country s stance that there was no alternative to the landmark 2015 nuclear deal between Iran and world powers.   At the same time, it is also important for us to remain firm with Iran with regard to its regional activities and its ballistic missile program,  Macron was quoted as saying. With tensions mounting in Lebanon following the resignation of Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri and an attempted ballistic missile strike on Riyadh by Houthi rebels in Yemen, Macron warned about an escalation in the region.  Today, more than ever, we need a region of peace and responsible regional actors working for the stability of the Middle East,  Macron said.  The opening of an additional front would only exacerbate tensions and further destabilize the region.  ",1
15355,"Iran says fight to retake eastern Syria, Idlib will start soon: Mehr news","LONDON (Reuters) - A top Iranian official said on Wednesday that forces loyal to Syria s President Bashar al-Assad will start operations soon to retake the northwestern Syrian city of Idlib and eastern areas.  Soon we will see eastern Syria cleared, and then the Idlib area in west,  Ali Akbar Velayati, the top adviser to Iran s Supreme Leader, was quoted as saying by Mehr news agency. ",1
15356,Non-EU Norway appeals for smooth Brexit terms,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - Non-EU Norway called on Brussels and London on Wednesday to ensure that Brexit does not disrupt its trade relations once Britain leaves the European Union. Norway has chosen to remain out of the EU but pays hundreds of millions of euros to access the single market as a member of the European Economic Area (EEA) and is also in the European Free Trade Area (EFTA) along with Switzerland, Iceland and Liechtenstein.  To preserve the integrity of the single market, the EU-27, the UK and EFTA should agree on legal arrangements to enter into at the same time that the EU-UK agreement is reached,  Marit Berger Roesland, Norway s European affairs minister, said in a speech in Dublin. Norway is concerned, among other things, about the fate of Norwegians living in Britain after Brexit; fisheries policy; what kind of terms would be given to Britain after Brexit and whether Britain would get preferential treatment over Norway. Roesland told Reuters that while Oslo is not at the negotiating table, there was a good understanding of its position in London, and that it was now up to finding a technical solution.  If the EU and UK agree on withdrawal terms relevant to the single market, such as the rights of citizens, we need to find ways to extend these to the members of the EEA,  said Roesland, who was appointed to the role last month.  Likewise any transitional agreements that extend the application of the single market should also include the EEA states. Otherwise we risk having a fragmented solution and that would be a great problem for Norway.  ",1
15357,Saudi Arabia makes fresh arrests in anti-graft crackdown: sources,"RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabian authorities have made further arrests and frozen more bank accounts in an expanding anti-corruption crackdown on the kingdom s political and business elite, sources familiar with the matter said on Wednesday   Dozens of royal family members, officials and business executives have already been held in the purge announced on Saturday. They face allegations of money laundering, bribery, extortion and exploiting public office for personal gain.   But the sources, speaking on Wednesday, said a number of other individuals suspected of wrongdoing were detained in an expansion of the crackdown, widely seen as an initiative of the powerful heir to the throne, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. Others under scrutiny are being telephoned by investigators about their finances but appear to remain at liberty, one of the sources said, adding that the number of people targeted by the crackdown was expected eventually to rise into the hundreds.  The number of domestic bank accounts frozen as a result of the purge is over 1,700 and rising, up from 1,200 reported on Tuesday, banking sources said.  A number of those held most recently include individuals with links to the immediate family of the late Crown Prince and Defence Minister Prince Sultan bin Abdulaziz who died in 2011, the sources said. Others appear to be lower-level managers and officials, one of the sources said. Many Saudis have cheered the purge as an attack on the theft of state funds by the rich, and U.S. President Donald Trump said those arrested had been  milking  their country for years .  But some Western officials expressed apprehension at the possible ramifications for the secretive tribal and royal politics of the world s largest oil exporter.  Saudi Arabia s stock market continued to fall in early trade on Wednesday because of concern about the economic impact of its anti-corruption purge. The Saudi index .TASI was 1.0 percent lower after half an hour of trade. Shares in companies linked to people detained in the investigation slid further. Late on Tuesday, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman and the Saudi central bank sought to ease worries about the crackdown. They said that while individuals were being targeted and having their bank accounts frozen, national and multinational companies - including those wholly or partly owned by individuals under investigation - would not be disrupted.  Anti-corruption authorities have also frozen the bank accounts of Prince Mohammed bin Nayef, one of the most senior members of the ruling Al Saud, and some of his immediate family members, the sources added.   Prince Mohammed, or MbN as he is known, was ousted as Crown Prince in June when King Salman replaced him with the then Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman.    Since Sunday, the central bank has been expanding the list of accounts it is requiring lenders to freeze on an almost hourly basis, one regional banker said, declining to be named because he was not authorized to speak to media. MbN made his first confirmed public appearance since his ousting at the funeral on Tuesday for Prince Mansour bin Muqrin, deputy governor of Asir province, who was killed in a helicopter crash on Sunday. No cause has been given for the crash. Among business executives detained in the probe so far are billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, chairman of investment firm Kingdom Holding 4280.SE; Nasser bin Aqeel al-Tayyar, founder of Al Tayyar Travel 1810.SE; and Amr al-Dabbagh, chairman of builder Red Sea International 4230.SE.   The U.S. State Department said on Tuesday it had urged Saudi Arabia to carry out any prosecution of officials detained in a  fair and transparent  manner. Commenting on the purge, Human Rights Watch called on Saudi authorities to  immediately reveal the legal and evidentiary basis for each person s detention and make certain that each person detained can exercise their due process rights .  It s great that Saudi authorities are declaring that they want to take on the scourge of corruption, but the right way to do that is through diligent judicial investigations against actual wrongdoing, not sensationalistic mass arrests to a luxury hotel,  Right Watch official Sarah Leah Whitson in a statement. ",1
15358,Russian spy agency building catches fire in Moscow: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - A building used by Russia s foreign spy service on the outskirts of Moscow caught fire on Wednesday, Russia s RIA news agency quoted the service as saying. Colonel Sergei Ivanov, a spokesman for the External Intelligence Service, one of the successor organizations to the Soviet-era KGB, said the fire happened at one of the service s  technical installations , RIA reported. He later told the news agency that the fire had been extinguished, and that there were no casualties. Russian media, quoting unnamed sources in the emergency services, said that the fire broke out in a cable gallery under the spy service s headquarters. ",1
15359,"Russian tycoon, fresh from jail, announces presidential bid","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian property developer Sergei Polonsky, who has been convicted of defrauding investors, plans to run in next year s presidential election, his campaign manager said on Wednesday. Polonsky is one of Russia s most flamboyant tycoons, known for once eating his tie after losing a wager and for pouring scorn on anyone worth less than a billion dollars. He is a divisive figure, with many Russians viewing him as a symbol of capitalist excess.  Russian President Vladimir Putin is the strong favorite to win the election, opinion polls show, though he has yet to announce his intention to run. Maxim Shingarkin, a former member of the Russian parliament, said he had signed up to be Polonsky s campaign manager.   Sergei Polonsky has confirmed that he is running for president of Russia,  Shingarkin said in a Twitter post.  I can promise a bone-rattling election campaign.   Russian news media quoted Polonsky as saying he was planning a presidential bid. In July a Moscow court found him guilty of fraud but allowed him to walk free, saying that too much time had elapsed since the crime for the sentence to have legal force. He had spent two years in detention in Moscow awaiting trial. It was not immediately clear if Polonsky s conviction would disqualify him from running for the presidency.   Other people planning to run in the presidential election in March next year are television personality Ksenia Sobchak, whose late father was Putin s boss in the early 1990s, and journalist Ekaterina Gordon. ",1
15360,"North Korea says sanctions hurting women, children","GENEVA (Reuters) - North Korea said on Wednesday it was working to uphold women s rights and gender equality but that sanctions imposed by major powers were taking a toll on vulnerable families. Han Tae Song, ambassador of the Democratic People s Republic of Korea (DPRK) to the United Nations in Geneva, also urged South Korea to return 12 waitresses  kidnapped  while working in China in April 2016, calling it a  crime against humanity . Seoul has said the 12 women and one man had chosen to defect to the South. U.S. President Donald Trump arrived earlier in the day in China seeking help to rein in North Korea, telling the reclusive state s leader he was putting his country in grave danger by developing nuclear weapons.  The United States and other hostile forces impede the enjoyment by our people of their human rights in every possible way, resorting to the vicious ways and means of all kinds in their attempt to stifle the ideas and system of the DPRK,  Han told the U.N. Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women. Washington, he said, had  manipulated  sanctions resolutions against his country at the U.N. Security Council that violated North Korean sovereignty and rights to existence and development, he said.  Due to these inhumane economic sanctions, vulnerable peoples like women and children are becoming...victims.   Such sanctions against humanity which block even the delivery of the medical equipment and medicines for maternal and child health and the basic goods for daily life including even children s bicycles threaten the protection and promotion of our women s rights and even the right to survival of the children.  South Korea imposed unilateral sanctions on 18 North Koreans on Monday, barring any financial transactions between those sanctioned and any South Koreans, as part of international efforts to dry up Pyongyang s illegal cash flows. Japan said on Tuesday it would impose additional sanctions on North Korea in response to the continuing threat posed by its missile and nuclear programs. The U.N. panel, composed of 23 independent experts, was examining North Korea s record as part of a regular review. Its  findings are due to be issued on Nov 17. ",1
15361,German court rules in favor of third gender category,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s highest court ruled on Wednesday in favor of the introduction of a third gender category for people who do not identify as either male or female or are born with an ambiguous sexual anatomy. The Federal Constitutional Court called on lawmakers to enact legislation by the end of 2018 to either allow the introduction of a third category or dispense with gender altogether in civil status documents. In 2013, Germany became the first European country to recognize indeterminate sex by allowing babies born with no clear gender-determining anatomy to be put on the birth register without a male or female classification. Wednesday s decision overturned a ruling by a lower court last year in a case brought by a German citizen born in 1989, identified as Vanja by the Third Option campaign group that supported the plaintiff in the case. The lower court said it was not possible to be registered as third gender because Vanja could leave the gender identity blank. However, the Federal Constitutional Court said Germany s Basic Law, or constitution, protected the personality rights of individuals who do not define themselves as male or female, adding that the current law on civil status interfered with that right.  The Basic Law does not require that civil status be exclusively binary in terms of gender,  the court said in a statement. The Third Option group described the ruling as  historic , but said it is only the  first step on improving the situation of inter and transgender people .  Finally it s recognized by the Federal Constitutional Court that there are more genders than man or woman,  said Mortiz Schmidt, the spokesman of the group. Antke Engel, the director of The Institute of Queer Theory in Berlin, said she was impressed that ruling gave lawmakers the possibility of dropping the gender category altogether.   Of course that would be the more radical version,  Engel said. Jamie Zulauf, a 30-year-old medical student who identifies as transgender, welcomed the move but said it could mean new problems when traveling to countries where a third gender is not accepted.   It s going to be visible and it s not always safe to be visible,  Jamie said. The government in Berlin estimated in 2013 there were 8,000 to 10,000 intersex people in Germany but interest groups say the number could be closer to 80,000. ",1
15362,"EU, U.S. affirm Lebanon support, diverging from Saudi","BEIRUT (Reuters) - The European Union and the United States on Wednesday reaffirmed support for Lebanon after the resignation of its prime minister, striking a sharp contrast to Saudi Arabia, which accuses Beirut of declaring war because of the Shi ite group Hezbollah. Statements of support from EU ambassadors to Lebanon and the United States have set a different tone to their Sunni Gulf ally Saudi Arabia, which has lumped Lebanon together with the Iran-backed Lebanese group Hezbollah as parties hostile to it. Lebanon has been pitched into deep crisis since the Saudi-allied Saad al-Hariri resigned on Saturday in a speech delivered from Saudi Arabia in which he accused Hezbollah and Iran of sowing strife in the Arab world and cited fear of assassination. The circumstances surrounding Hariri s sudden resignation have given rise to wide speculation that he had been caught up in a high-level anti-corruption purge in Saudi Arabia, where his family made their fortune, and coerced into resigning. Saudi Arabia has denied this along with reports that it has put Hariri under house arrest. It says he quit because Hezbollah was calling the shots in the government.    The move has pulled Lebanon back to the forefront of a regional struggle between the Sunni monarchy of Saudi Arabia and the Shi ite Islamist government of Iran, a rivalry which has also swept through Syria, Iraq, Bahrain and Yemen. It has plunged Lebanon into political crisis and hit market confidence in the heavily indebted Lebanese state. A sell off of Lebanese bonds continued for a third day on Wednesday, with some of them hitting their lowest ever levels.  The U.S. ambassador to Lebanon said on Wednesday the United States remained  committed to a stable, secure, democratic, and prosperous Lebanon  during a meeting with Lebanese army commander General Joseph Aoun, a U.S. embassy statement said. The meeting was to announce a U.S. government reimbursement of $42.9 million for border operations conducted by the Lebanese army, a major recipient of U.S. military aid. The United States classifies Hezbollah as a terrorist group even as it supports the weak Lebanese state, drawing a line between the two in a long-standing policy.  On Tuesday, the U.S. State Department said Lebanon was a strong U.S. partner.  The United States strongly supports the legitimate institutions in the Lebanese state,  spokeswoman Heather Nauert said.  We expect all members of the international community to respect fully those institutions and the sovereignty and political independence of Lebanon,  she said. In a statement, EU ambassadors to Lebanon said they reaffirmed  their strong support for the continued unity, stability, sovereignty, and security of Lebanon and its people . Lebanon has also received significant Western aid to help it cope with the strain of hosting 1.5 million Syrian refugees, equivalent to around a quarter of the population. Hezbollah, set up by the Iranian Revolutionary Guards in 1982, is the most powerful group in Lebanon, with major sway in government and a guerrilla army that outguns the national military. The group s role has grown beyond Lebanon in recent years, and its fighters have provided critical support to President Bashar al-Assad in the Syrian civil war. Neither Hezbollah nor the Lebanese government have responded to accusations made by Saudi Gulf affairs minister Thamer al-Sabhan that both Lebanon and Hezbollah had declared war on the kingdom. President Michel Aoun, a Hezbollah ally who took office last year, has refused to accept Hariri s resignation, saying he first wants him to return to Lebanon so he can meet him in person to understand the reasons. Aoun said Lebanon s security and economy were stable and the presidency still viewed Hariri as prime minister, Lebanese media reported. Parliament Speaker Nabih Berri has said the coalition government led by Hariri still stands.  Lebanese policymakers and bankers say there is no concern for the Lebanese pound - which has been pegged against the U.S. dollar at the same rate for two decades - thanks to record levels of foreign currency reserves. Banking sources say there was more demand than usual for converting Lebanese pound savings into dollars when banks opened on Monday. But they said this was not unexpected and is at minimal levels.  Lebanon s June 2020 bond, and its April 2020 issue both fell to their lowest ever levels on Wednesday.  Yields could come down, if a new Prime Minister is found quickly and the government can get back to business, but this doesn t appear to be likely in the short term,  said Carmen Altenkirch, emerging market sovereign analyst at Axa Investment Managers. Byblos Bank s Chief Economist Nassib Ghobril said:  We ve had worse cases when we saw pressure on the actual peg of Lebanese pound to U.S. dollar but it takes a severe shock of the magnitude of the (former Prime Minister Rafik al-Hariri) assassination in 2005 or the 2006 Israeli war to put real pressure on the currency peg.      ",1
15363,Islamic State's footprint spreading in northern Somalia: U.N.,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - A militant faction loyal to Islamic State (IS) has increased its following in northern Somalia from a few dozen last year to up to 200 this year, a U.N. report said, days after the group came under U.S. air attack for the first time. The increase in strength of the IS spin-off group has attracted attention because some security officials fear it could offer a safe haven for Islamic State militants fleeing military defeat in Syria or Iraq.   The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) faction loyal to Sheikh Abdulqader Mumin - estimated...in 2016 to number not more than a few dozen..., has growing significantly in strength, and (now) consists of as many as 200 fighters,  said the report by a panel of U.N. experts obtained by Reuters.    Even a few hundred armed fighters could destabilize the whole region,  said a regional diplomatic security source.  It(air strikes) is a recognition from the U.S. that the situation in terms of the (Islamic State) faction in Puntland is becoming increasingly critical.   Somalia has been riven by civil war and Islamist militancy, though more in the south than in the north where the Puntland region is located, since 1991 when clan warlords overthrew a dictator before turning on each other.      Friday s air strikes failed to kill Mumin, the security source said. But Abdirizak Ise Hussein, director of semi-autonomous Puntland s spy service, said the strikes killed about 20 militants, including a Sudanese fighter and two Arabs.  Almost all Mumin s fighters are Somali, the U.N. report said, though the group is believed to include a Sudanese man sanctioned by the United States. The group also has contacts in Yemen. It was unclear if the Sudanese man under U.S. sanctions was the same one reported killed in the air strike.   The number of IS fighters in Puntland has increased. Mostly they come from southern Somalia and a few, including foreigners, come from Yemen,  Colonel Abdirahman Saiid, a military officer in Puntland, told Reuters. The U.N. report said defectors from Mumin s faction reported the group had received money and orders from Iraq and Syria, and one member said he had seen Mumin and another leader using TrueCrypt software to communicate with them. The United Nations could not independently verify those claims.  Mumin s group has been slowing increasing its activity over the past year. In late 2016, it occupied the port of Qandala in Puntland, a semi-autonomous region, for a month.  Earlier this year, it carried out its first attacks. Its fighters killed four guards at a hotel in Bosasso, the economic capital of Puntland, in February. The same month, the group beheaded three men it had kidnapped. Somalia s main Islamist insurgent group, al Shabaab, is aligned with al Qaeda and is most active in the Horn of Africa country s south. It has repeatedly clashed with the Islamic State-aligned faction in the north.  ",1
15364,Macedonian court sentences ex-secret police official to 18 months in prison,"SKOPJE (Reuters) - A senior official of Macedonia s secret police was sentenced to 18 months in prison for destroying evidence that could have helped identify who was behind a wiretapping scandal that brought down a previous government.  Goran Grujevski, who ran the secret police department conducting the wiretapping operations, was found guilty of destroying documents from the period when the wiretapping took place. He is awaiting extradition after being arrested in Greece last month. Macedonia was thrown into political turmoil in 2015, when opposition parties accused then-Prime Minister Nikola Gruevski and his counter-intelligence chief of orchestrating the wiretapping of more than 20,000 people. The political crisis led the European Union to broker an agreement in which parties agreed to hold early elections and set up a special prosecutor to investigate the wiretappings. Wednesday s verdict is the first ruling in a case the special prosecutor opened two years ago.      In June, Macedonia s special prosecutor filed charges against 94 people, including former high government officials, over their involvement in possible crimes revealed by the surveillance scandal. Macedonia s new government, which took over in May, said it would assist in investigating and bringing to justice the perpetrators of the wiretapping scandal. ",1
15365,"In message to Russia, Western powers demand U.N. extend Syria toxic gas inquiry","PARIS (Reuters) - Major Western powers appeared ready for a showdown with Russia at the U.N. Security Council after demanding on Wednesday the renewal of he mandate of an international inquiry into chemical weapons attacks in Syria.  Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov said on Wednesday Moscow opposed a draft U.N. resolution to extend the mandate of the investigation by the United Nations and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) into chemical weapons attacks in Syria. Ryabkov s comments came hours after Russia rejected a report by the international inquiry blaming the Syrian government for a deadly toxic gas attack on April 4. In a joint statement by the foreign ministers of Britain, France, Germany and the United States, the four countries said they had full confidence in the findings and called on the Syrian regime to end all use of poison gas and finally declare to the OPCW all the chemical weapons it possesses.  We therefore urge the United Nations Security Council to maintain the investigative capacity  of the inquiry, the statement said.  After such a report, the Security Council and all its members have a common responsibility to protect the international non-proliferation regime and to respect their previous commitments,  the joint statement said. The Syrian government has denied using chemical weapons. The April 4 attack prompted a U.S. missile strike just days later against a Syrian air base. France has warned that any further chemicals attacks would be met with a military response. Russia, a key backer of the Syrian government, last month cast a veto at the United Nations Security Council against renewing the investigation s mandate.  The inquiry had previously found that Syrian government forces were responsible for three chlorine gas attacks in 2014 and 2015 and that Islamic State militants had used mustard gas. Syria agreed to destroy its chemical weapons and comply with the OPCW in 2013 under a deal brokered by Russia and the United States, after a nerve gas attack killed hundreds of people in the Damascus suburbs. Western countries blamed that attack on the Syrian government, which denied it. ",1
15366,Irish PM sees Brexit talks moving to next stage in December,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - It is likely European Union leaders will allow Brexit talks to move onto trade relations in December, as long as Britain provides guarantees in writing on issues currently being debated, Ireland s prime minister said on Wednesday. The EU will only engage with Britain on its future trade relationship and how a post-Brexit transition period will work, as London wishes, after the first, ongoing round of divorce talks have sufficiently progressed.  Brussels wants three issues broadly solved before giving the green light   the exit bill, safeguarding expatriate rights and the border between Ireland and Northern Ireland, which will be the UK s only land frontier with the EU after its departure.  I m now of the view that it is likely that we will be able to say that sufficient progress has been made at the December (EU leaders) meeting, allowing us to move onto discussions on transition and the future arrangements, but that s just my prediction at this stage,  Leo Varadkar told parliament.  This of course will all depend on what happens over the next number of weeks and what specific assurances and guarantees in writing we can get from the United Kingdom.  Varadkar, who said he was more optimistic than he was a number of weeks ago with talks  moving in the right direction , struck a more positive tone than his foreign minister, Simon Coveney, who said recently that Dublin could not let talks progress without further clarity on the border. The Irish government has called on Britain to do more than simply promise a  hard  border will not return between it and Northern Ireland, which until a 1998 peace deal was separated by military checkpoints because of 30 years of sectarian violence in the British province. EU diplomats and officials told Reuters on Tuesday that the continued slow pace of the divorce talks was increasing the possibility that EU leaders would again refuse next month to open trade talks. They said some may already be considering that as a useful tactic against Britain, which is anxious to prevent businesses relocating investment.  It s not going to be possible to fully resolve the border question until we actually start to talk about the future relationship the UK will have with Northern Ireland so there will come a point when it is in our interests to actually start talking about that,  Varadkar said. ",1
15367,"Lift up your hearts, not your cell phones, pope tells priests, bishops","VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope Francis on Wednesday chastised priests and bishops who take pictures with their cell phones during Masses, saying they should focus on God instead.  The priest says  lift up your hearts . He does not say,  lift up your cell phones to take pictures,  Francis told tens of thousands of people at his weekly audience in St. Peter s Square, referring to a communion prayer in the Roman Catholic Mass. In his improvised remarks, he called using cell phones during Mass  a very ugly thing,  adding:  It makes me very sad when I celebrate (Mass) here in the piazza or in the basilica and I see so many cell phones held up. Not only by the faithful, but also by some priests and even bishops!  The Mass is not a show  ... so remember, no cell phones!  he said, prompting laughter and applause from the crowd. Francis, the leader of the world s 1.2 billion Roman Catholics, has regularly urged the faithful to be more spiritual and his priests and bishops to be more humble.  Shortly after his election in 2013, he said it pained him to see priests driving flashy cars and eager to use the latest smartphone.  The pope is driven around in a simple blue Ford Focus and is not known to have ever used a cell phone in public since his election. ",1
15368,Turkish court frees opposition journalist on bail in terrorism trial: paper,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - A Turkish court freed on bail an opposition journalist facing charges of aiding a terrorist organization after he identified the hotel where President Tayyip Erdogan was staying hours before last year s failed military coup. Gokmen Ulu, one of four staff of the opposition newspaper Sozcu whose trial began on Tuesday, told the court he was accused of a  made-up  crime and prosecutors had no evidence against him. He had been in detention for more than five months.  The court has decided to release on bail our friend Gokmen Ulu,  the Sozcu newspaper said on its website, saying he was expected to be freed from Silivri Prison, west of Istanbul, later on Wednesday. Ulu was charged along with video journalist Mediha Olgun, who was held for several months before her release on bail in September, and accountant Yonca Yucekaleli, both of whom deny the accusations against them. Sozcu founder Burak Akbay, who has left the country and is being tried in absentia, is accused of being a leader of a terrorist organization. On the night of the July 15, 2016 coup attempt, Erdogan narrowly escaped a team of rogue soldiers who stormed his hotel in a luxury resort in the southwestern Turkish province of Mugla. Forty-two soldiers were found guilty last month of trying to kill him and given life sentences. Prosecutors say Ulu s newspaper article made Erdogan a target for the coup plotters by revealing his location.  The allegations are against conscience and thought. They are unjust. The crime is made up,  Ulu told the court, according to a transcript published by his newspaper.  There is no evidence against me.  Akbay, in a statement read to the court, denied he was a supporter of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, who is accused by Turkish authorities of orchestrating the abortive coup. Gulen has said he was not involved and has condemned the putsch.  More than 50,000 people, including soldiers, teachers and journalists, have been jailed pending trial in a sweeping crackdown following the coup attempt.  European allies fear Erdogan is using the investigations to stifle opposition and undermine the judiciary. He has responded by saying that the purges are necessary to maintain stability in a pivotal NATO country bordering Iran, Iraq and Syria. ",1
15369,Kenya's parliament takes three-week break at opposition's request,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Deadlock over the allocation of leadership posts has forced Kenya s parliament into an unscheduled three-week recess, lawmakers said on Wednesday, indicating a protracted political crisis could reverberate beyond the October election.  Political stalemate has gripped Kenya, East Africa s most advanced economy and an ally of the West against militant Islam, since the Supreme Court annulled the results of the Aug. 8 presidential elections on procedural grounds and ordered a re-run.  The repeat election was held on Oct. 26 but opposition leader Raila Odinga boycotted the vote, saying it would be unfair. Incumbent President Uhuru Kenyatta won a second, five-year term with 98 percent of the vote.  Lawmakers said on Wednesday that Odinga s opposition coalition wanted more time to negotiate on the distribution of parliamentary leadership posts to its constituent parties. The National Super Alliance (NASA) coalition has written to the speakers of the national assembly and senate asking to have until the end of November to fill leadership positions in the house, including minority chiefs, whips and committee heads.  The NASA parliamentary group has asked the speaker to give them until end of the month to put their house in order,  Adan Duale, majority leader in the national assembly, told Reuters via text message, adding parliament would adjourn until Nov. 29. Parliament runs its business through the Parliamentary Service Commission (PSC) and various committees, which set its calendar and the legislative agenda, approve expenditure and vet key appointments in the executive and the judiciary.  Ayub Savula, an opposition legislator, told Reuters the delays were due to disagreements between NASA s four main parties - Odinga s ODM, ANC, Ford Kenya and Wiper - on how to share the available positions.  Whereas ODM has a majority 70 MPs in the NASA team, the rest of the political parties under NASA feel it is better if the leadership is divided equally,  Savula said. The delay has angered some, including lawmakers from the ruling Jubilee party.  We have a fixed term of five years,  said Moses Kuria, a Jubilee member of parliament.  It (the delay) is not a good thing for this country and it is a raw deal for the taxpayers.  ",1
15370,Trump warns 'rogue regime' North Korea of grave danger,"BEIJING (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump arrived in China on Wednesday seeking help to rein in North Korea, telling the reclusive state s leader he was putting his country in grave danger by developing nuclear weapons. Trump used some of his toughest language yet against North Korea in a wide-ranging address in Seoul that lodged specific accusations of chilling human rights abuses. He called on countries around the world to isolate Pyongyang by denying it  any form of support, supply or acceptance.   Do not underestimate us and do not try us,  Trump told North Korea as he wrapped up a visit to South Korea with a speech to the National Assembly before heading to Beijing, where he was making his first official visit. Trump painted a dystopian picture of the reclusive North, saying people were suffering in  gulags  and some bribed government officials to work as  slaves  overseas rather than live under the government at home. He offered no evidence to support those accusations. Trump s return to harsh, uncompromising language came a day after he appeared to dial back the bellicose rhetoric that had fueled fears across east Asia of the risk of military conflict. On Tuesday, Trump had even offered a diplomatic opening to Pyongyang to  make a deal.  He went mostly on the attack in Wednesday s speech but did promise a  path to a much better future  if North Korea stopped developing ballistic missiles and agreed to  complete, verifiable and total denuclearization    something Pyongyang has vowed never to do.  We will not allow American cities to be threatened with destruction. We will not be intimidated,  he told South Korean lawmakers.  And we will not let the worst atrocities in history be repeated here, on this ground we fought and died to secure.  The North defends its nuclear weapons and missile programs as a necessary defense against what it says are U.S. plans to invade. The United States, which has 28,500 troops in South Korea, a legacy of the 1950-53 Korean war, denies any such intention.      The world cannot tolerate the menace of a rogue regime that threatens it with nuclear devastation,  Trump said, speaking as three U.S. aircraft carrier groups sailed to the Western Pacific for exercises - a rare show of such U.S. naval force in the region.  STATE VISIT-PLUS  In Beijing, Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping resumed their  bromance  struck in April at Trump s Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida, making small talk as they toured the Forbidden City - which was shut down to tourists - with their wives before taking in a Chinese opera performance. While the sprawling palace complex in the political and cultural heart of Beijing is a regular stop for visiting dignitaries, it is rare for a Chinese leader to act as a personal escort, confirmation of the  state visit-plus  treatment that China had promised for Trump.   Trump has threatened action over China s wide trade surplus with the United States and called on Beijing to do more to rein in ally and neighbor North Korea, but has expressed admiration for Xi and held off on imposing trade measures. During his two-day visit, Trump will ask China to abide by U.N. resolutions and cut financial links with North Korea, a senior White House official said on the plane from Seoul. He also plans to discuss with Xi the long-contentious trade imbalance, U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said at a ceremony with U.S. business leaders where $9 billion worth of deals were signed. The White House expects to announce deals in China this week worth more than $250 billion, Bloomberg reported, citing an administration official. Trump believes any talks with North Korea would require it to reduce threats, end provocations and move toward denuclearization, and that no deal can be achieved without denuclearization, the official added. Trump and Xi were scheduled to hold formal talks on Thursday. Before leaving for Beijing, Trump cited China as one of the countries that must fully enforce international sanctions against Pyongyang and downgrade diplomatic and commercial ties.  To those nations that choose to ignore this threat or, worse still, to enable it, the weight of this crisis is on your conscience,  he said. While Trump will try to convince Xi to squeeze North Korea further with steps such as limits on oil exports and financial transactions, it is not clear if Xi, who has just consolidated his power at a Communist Party congress, will agree to do more. China has repeatedly said its leverage over Pyongyang is exaggerated by the West and that it is already doing all it can to enforce sanctions. The Chinese Foreign Ministry said that China fully and strictly implements U.N. Security Council resolutions on North Korea, but will investigate if there have been any contraventions. During his speech in Seoul, Trump directed his words at North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.  The weapons that you are acquiring are not making you safer, they are putting your regime in grave danger,  he said.  Every step you take down this dark path increases the peril you face.  However Trump, whose strategy has stressed sanctions and military pressure instead of diplomacy, did not spell out any new approach. North Korea has made clear it has little interest in negotiations at least until it develops a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland, something U.S. intelligence officials say it may be just months away from achieving.  North Korea is a country ruled by a cult,  Trump said in a speech that was interrupted several times by applause and ended with a standing ovation.  He stopped short of repeating the derisive nickname  little Rocket Man  that he has used to describe the young North Korean leader. Kim, for his part, has called Trump  mentally deranged.  The speech came after Trump s attempt to make an unannounced visit to the heavily fortified border separating North and South Korea was aborted when dense fog prevented his helicopter from landing, officials said. A visit to the DMZ, despite his aides  earlier insistence he had no plans to go there, would have had the potential to further inflame tensions with North Korea. Arriving in Beijing on Wednesday, Trump and his wife Melania descended from a red-carpeted staircase rolled up to the main door of Air Force One. That was in contrast to a 2016 visit to China by his predecessor, Barack Obama, who was forced to exit his plane from a lower door in what was seen as a snub. And while in China, Trump will not be deterred from using Twitter, his favored form of communication, despite its being banned there, according to an administration official.  The president will tweet whatever he wants,  the official told reporters on Air Force One.  I m sure we ve got the gear aboard this airplane to make it happen.  ",1
15371,Commerce Secretary says Trump-Xi talks will address trade imbalances,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Meetings between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping in Beijing this week will focus on addressing trade imbalances between the two countries, U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said on Wednesday.  Ross was speaking at a signing ceremony in the Chinese capital for commercial deals worth about $9 billion on Trump s visit. Trump has ratcheted up his criticism of China s massive trade surplus with the U.S. - calling it  embarrassing  and  horrible  last week - and has accused Beijing of unfair trade practices, fuelling worries of increased tension between the world s two largest trading countries.  Addressing the imbalance in China trade has been the central focus of collaborative discussions between President Trump and President Xi and achieving fair and reciprocal treatment for the companies is a shared objective,  Ross said. Data on Wednesday showed China s exports to the U.S. rose 8.3 percent in October on the year, while imports grew 4.3 percent. That led to a trade surplus of $26.62 billion with the U.S. last month, down from September s record $28.08 billion, but higher than recent trends. Deals signed on Wednesday included a pledge by Chinese ecommerce company JD.com  to buy more than $2 billion of food products from the U.S. over three years and a pact for Reignwood International to buy additional helicopters from U.S. firm Bell Helicopter.  While 19 deals were signed on Wednesday, some in the U.S. business community have expressed worry that contract wins could come at the expense of resolving long-standing complaints over market access restrictions in China. At the ceremony, China s vice premier Wang Yang said deals signed between China and U.S. firms would  contribute to the stabilization of the general and overall economic relations between the two countries . The ceremony was a prelude to a  more important  signing ceremony set for Thursday, he added. Among the companies expected to sign deals on Thursday are Qualcomm, Boeing and Goldman Sachs. Chinese commerce minister Zhong Shan also attended the event in the Great Hall of the People next to Tiananmen Square. ",1
15372,Hungry South Sudanese refugees risk death in return home for food,"PALORINYA, Uganda (Reuters) - Oliver Wani found sanctuary from South Sudan s civil war in a Ugandan refugee camp. But when the food ran out, he returned home only to be killed in the conflict he had fled. The 45-year-old farmer was one of more than a million South Sudanese living in sprawling camps just across the border in northern Uganda, seeking refuge from the four-year war that has devastated their homeland.  But funding gaps and organizational problems often delay or reduce their meager rations, driving some desperate families back to the lands they fled and underscoring the struggle to cope with Africa s biggest refugee crisis in two decades. Refugees from South Sudan have been arriving in Uganda at an average rate of 35,000 a month this year. The Bidi Bidi camp was home to 285,000 people at the end of September, according to the U.N. s refugee agency, making it the biggest in Africa. The U.N. agency (UNHCR) said funding had only covered 32 percent of $674 million requested to help refugees in Uganda in 2017 and the U.N. s World Food Programme (WFP) said it was facing a $71 million shortfall for the next six months. Wani, who cared for his elderly parents, received no food in October because distributions had been delayed, his father Timon said. The memory of the crops Oliver had left behind proved too tempting and he returned to South Sudan to find food. Two weeks later, other returning refugees recognized his remains alongside another dead refugee on a forest path in South Sudan, where the ground was littered with bullet casings.  He went back to look for food,  said Timon, a tall, thin man who wiped away tears with his handkerchief as he spoke at a memorial service for his first-born child in the Palorinya refugee camp.  I m heartbroken.  The four-year war in oil-rich South Sudan, a country only founded in 2011, has forced more than a third of its 12 million citizens to flee their homes. Tens of thousands have died, some in ethnic killings, others from starvation and disease. Palorinya is the second biggest camp in northern Uganda after Bidi Bidi and alone houses 185,000 refugees.  Each refugee is supposed to get 12 kg of grain, 6 kg of dry beans, cooking oil and salt each month, but the U.N. s WFP said this was delayed in October because grain was scarce in Uganda and the roads to Palorinya were bad.  Food distributions did not start camp until Oct. 26, WFP said. It takes two weeks to complete a distribution, so tens of thousands of refugees did not get any food that month. Desperate, some returned to the war zone. At least eight refugees from Palorinya were killed in South Sudan after returning to look for food in October, according to family members and the Anglican church, which tracks civilian deaths.  In August and September, when rations were distributed normally, just two refugees from the camp were killed when they returned to find food, the church diocese in South Sudan s volatile Kajo Keji region said. Modi Scopas John, chairman of a Refugee Welfare Committee in Palorinya, said refugees were returning home every day.  If you have nothing to eat, what do you do?  he asked, perched on a plastic chair under a spindly tree.  You have to look for food.  Wani was killed in Kajo Keji, where the government and two rebel groups are battling for control in a war sparked by a feud between President Salva Kiir and his former deputy Riek Machar. Next to Wani lay the body of Yassin Mori, 35, who had also left Palorinya to look for food, according to Mori s two brothers who ventured into South Sudan to look for him.  Mori left two wives and nine children behind.  Now we need support because we are left with his children and widows,  Taha Igga, one of the brothers, said at a memorial service in the Ugandan refugee camp.     Mutabazi Caleb, from aid group World Vision, which runs the distributions, said that Palorinya is two months behind other camps in its food distributions. WFP said it had substituted half the cereal ration with money in September in some other camps so refugees could buy food and was expanding its infrastructure to prevent future delays.  But refugees said even when food arrives, it doesn t last a month. Of the 12 kg of grain, refugees said they sell one to pay for grinding the rest into flour, and another to buy soap, which is in short supply. They also complained that the beans were sometimes inedible.  They are not okay, others are rotten, and they are smelling,  said mother-of-four Liong Viola, 32, picking through her sack of shriveled legumes during an Oct. 26 distribution. WFP country director El Khidir Daloum said it was investigating the complaint and,  is committed to providing our beneficiaries with the highest quality of food . John, the Refugee Welfare Committee chairman, said he urged people to stay in the camps.  At least let us die here of the hunger rather than go back to South Sudan and be killed like a chicken,  he said. But hungry refugees often ignore the pleas. At dusk last Saturday, Pastor Charles Mubarak packed extra clothes into a plastic bag to take back into South Sudan where he hoped to harvest cassava fields he left behind when he fled in January.  As a family, we are 10 in number, and I m not in position to feed them,  he said.  If I get killed I get killed once, but dying of hunger is too difficult.  Mubarak kissed each neatly folded shirt as he placed them in the bag.   If they give us the food rations, I wouldn t think of going back to South Sudan,  he said.  Food is life.  ",1
15373,Shifting sands: What is changing in Saudi Arabia?,"(Reuters) - Saudi Arabia s Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has ordered a crackdown on corruption, the latest in a wave of frenetic changes in the kingdom over the past 2-1/2 years. Prince Mohammed says he is determined to remodel his conservative country into a modern state no longer dependent on oil. As his father, King Salman bin Abdulaziz, has handed the 32-year-old Prince Mohammed more and more power over the past three years, the ambitious young leader has taken on everything from economic reforms to waging war in neighboring Yemen. Here is what you need to know. Prince Mohammed capped his rapid rise to power in June this year by replacing his elder cousin Prince Mohammed bin Nayef, widely known as MbN, as crown prince. A source close to King Salman said MbN s dismissal was  in the higher interests of the state  because he was incapacitated by morphine and cocaine addiction, a legacy of an assassination attempt that left shrapnel in his body. Reuters could not independently confirm MbN s addiction issues. ANTI-CORRUPTION CAMPAIGN Prince Mohammed tightened his grip on power with the start of the anti-corruption campaign at the weekend, purging the kingdom s political and business elite. Among those arrested were 11 princes.  Many Saudis welcomed the moves as an assault on the endemic theft of public funds by the powerful. U.S. President Donald Trump said those arrested had been  milking  their country for years  but some Western officials expressed unease about the possible reaction in Riyadh s opaque tribal and royal politics. Prince Mohammed launched a military campaign in neighboring Yemen in March 2015. A Saudi-led coalition, acting on an invitation from the internationally-recognized government, has targeted the Iran-aligned Houthi movement in a war which has killed more than 10,000 people. The war is closely identified with the prince in his role as defense minister. His image once adorned war propaganda but is rarely associated with the war now, although he has said it must continue in order to quash Iranian influence. Even before the conflict, Yemen was the poorest country on the Arabian peninsula and now millions of people there are facing famine and a cholera epidemic. The coalition denies it blocks commercial shipments of food, medicine and fuel. Prince Mohammed has helped lead a diplomatic campaign to isolate Qatar, saying Riyadh s erstwhile ally backs terrorism and cozies up to Iran. Qatar rejects the accusations and says it is being punished for straying from its neighbors  backing for authoritarian rulers. The campaign has divided Gulf Arab countries, who Washington regards as essential to its influence in the region. Qatar had incensed Riyadh by cheering Arab Spring uprisings against some autocratic Arab rulers.  Saudi Arabia s rivalry with Iran, its competitor for influence in the Middle East, has deepened as King Salman and Prince Mohammed worked to build a Sunni coalition against Tehran and its allies in the Arab world.  In May, as deputy crown prince, Prince Mohammed used unusually provocative language to rule out dialogue with revolutionary Shi ite Muslim theocracy Iran, which he said was trying to interfere in Arab lands and dominate the Muslim world. On Tuesday, state media quoted him as describing Iran s supply of rockets to militias in Yemen as  direct military aggression  that could be an act of war.  Prince Mohammed has also opened a new front in the proxy war with Iran by threatening Tehran s ally Hezbollah and its home country Lebanon. The resignation on Saturday of the Saudi-allied Lebanese prime minister, Saad al-Hariri, announced from Riyadh, was widely seen as the first act on this new front. The crown prince has also sought the help of Shi ite leaders in Iraq to try to reverse Iran s dominant role there and shore up security on the kingdom s northern border, and has tried to improve ties with the United States under Trump, who shares his and King Salman s antipathy to Iran s government. The planned sale of about 5 percent of national oil company Saudi Aramco [IPO-ARMO.SE] next year is a centerpiece of Vision 2030, Prince Mohammed s blueprint to move the economy away from what he called its  addiction to oil  toward the private sector. The IPO is expected to raise as much as $100 billion but investors wonder whether Aramco can be valued anywhere close to the $2 trillion figure announced by the crown prince and there has been market speculation that the IPO could be delayed beyond 2018 or shelved. He recently stated it would happen next year. Many Saudis have misgivings about the sale, with some fearing Riyadh is selling cheaply at a time of low oil prices. Vision 2030 has begun to reduce a big state budget deficit with austerity measures but has not yet created major new sources of non-oil growth or jobs. The phased removal of subsidies on fuel, water and electricity has started but some austerity moves have been unpopular. Already, some have been reversed or delayed as the economy has slowed because of low oil prices.  The plan includes private investment and privatizations and building the world s largest sovereign wealth fund. The aim is to create jobs and raise the participation of women in the workforce from 22 percent now to 30 percent by 2030.  Saudi Arabia adheres to an austere Wahhabi brand of Sunni Islam, which bans gender mixing, concerts and cinemas.  Prince Mohammed s ascent represents a social and cultural sea change, with power set to be passed to a much younger generation seemingly more in tune with young Saudis. In moves that reinforce that perception, women will be permitted to drive from next year and allowed to attend sports events.  The crown prince has also said the country will move to a more open and tolerant interpretation of Islam, and reforms have begun in areas once the exclusive domain of the clergy such as education, courts and the law. Saudi authorities have promoted elements of national identity that have no religious component or pre-date Islam. Last month Prince Mohammed announced a $500-billion plan to create a business and industrial zone extending across its borders into Jordan and Egypt, part of his efforts to reduce dependence on oil. The 26,500 square-km (10,230 square-mile) zone, known as NEOM, will focus on industries including energy and water, biotechnology, food, advanced manufacturing and entertainment, and will power itself solely with wind power and solar energy. The crown prince says the government, Public Investment Fund and local and international investors are expected to sink billions into the zone in coming years. The crown prince told Reuters NEOM would be floated on financial markets alongside Aramco. ",1
15374,Turkish opposition calls for PM's resignation over sons' offshore assets,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey s main opposition called for the resignation of Prime Minister Binali Yildirim on Wednesday, saying that reports his sons owned offshore companies amounted to a breach of ethics. Yildirim s two sons are shown as the owners of two Malta-based companies, according to the so-called  Paradise Papers , a series of leaked documents of offshore records that relate to global assets of wealthy individuals. The spokesman for the main opposition Republican People s Party (CHP), Bulent Tezcan, said that such offshore companies deprived Turkey of much-needed tax revenue.  This is not a crime from a legal standpoint, that is a different argument, but it is wrong morally. Does your country need money? Yes, it does,  he said.  The first and only thing that the prime minister needs to do, now that this has surfaced, is to resign.  The CHP and the pro-Kurdish HDP together submitted a motion to the parliament to investigate those named in the Paradise Papers, although it is unlikely to gain much traction in a legislature dominated by Yildirim s ruling AKP. Yildirim has said his sons, who are involved in the shipping industry, were not guilty of any wrongdoing.  Shipping is a global business. They do business all over the globe, so they have companies and contacts all over the world,  he told reporters before departing for the United States on an official visit on Tuesday. He invited critics to open a financial or legal investigation, and said it was  unacceptable  to accuse innocent people of wrongdoing. He also showed reporters a certificate given to his family-owned company, showing it as one of the firms that paid the most in tax in Istanbul. The Paradise Papers, which were obtained by Germany s Sueddeutsche Zeitung and shared with the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists (ICIJ) and some media outlets, relate to the investments of individuals from U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross to Britain s Queen Elizabeth. Reuters has not independently verified them.  ",1
15375,Spain's constitutional court annuls Catalan declaration of independence,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s Constitutional Court officially annulled the Catalan parliament s Oct. 27 unilateral declaration of independence on Wednesday, a widely expected ruling after the move was suspended by the court.  The Madrid government sacked Catalonia s president and dismissed its parliament hours after the region declared itself independent with 70 votes for, 10 votes against and after lawmakers from three national parties walked out of the vote.   ",1
15376,"Palestinians resume security ties with Israel, eye Gaza enforcement","RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas s administration said on Wednesday it had resumed security coordination with Israel in the occupied West Bank, frozen in July, and sought sole security control of the Gaza Strip, where Hamas Islamist forces dominate. The remarks, by the Palestinian police chief, left open the question of how Abbas might bring his former rivals in Hamas to heel given their refusal to disarm as demanded by Israel and the United States. An Egyptian-brokered reconciliation deal last month formally restored Abbas s administrative control of Gaza after a 10-year schism with Hamas, though the details of implementation have yet to be worked out fully. Palestinians hope the pact will ease Gaza s economic woes and help present a united front in their drive for statehood. The vision includes the West Bank, where Palestinian security forces have tried to tamp down violence, often sharing intelligence and cooperating across jurisdictions with Israel, despite a three-year impasse in diplomacy between the sides.   Under interim peace deals with Israel, Abbas  Palestinian Authority exercises limited self-rule in the West Bank. Abbas halted security coordination with Israel on July 21, demanding it remove metal detectors it had installed outside a Jerusalem compound housing Al-Aqsa mosque in response to the killing of two of its police guards by gunmen holed up there.  Amid Palestinian and Jordanian unrest, and U.S. mediation efforts, Israel dismantled the walk-through gates within days and said it would install less obtrusive security measures.  Police chief Hazem Attallah told foreign reporters in a briefing that the suspension of ties had ended two weeks ago.   Security coordination between Palestinian and Israeli services have resumed as it used to be before it stopped,  Attallah said, adding that he was referring to joint efforts to prevent militant attacks, as crime-fighting police cooperation between the sides had never stopped. Attallah said his police forces were ready to impose order in Gaza, likening the situation there to the West Bank a decade ago, where the Palestinian Authority set about disarming and dismantling Hamas and other armed factions.  We will have  one gun  in Gaza,  Attallah said.  How can I do security when there are all these rockets and guns? This is possible? This doesn t work.  In Gaza, Hamas has a guerrilla army believed to include tens of thousands of fighters and rockets.  Hamas continues to police Gaza with nearly 13,000 security personnel. Fatah plans to discuss security responsibility further in talks with Hamas and other factions in Cairo on November 21. ",1
15377,"Kremlin says 'logical' that Putin, Trump will talk at Vietnam summit","MOSCOW (Reuters) - A Kremlin aide said on Wednesday it was entirely logical that Russian President Vladimir Putin would speak with U.S. counterpart Donald Trump during multi-lateral events taking place at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Vietnam this week.   It s entirely logical that they will shake hands, that they will discuss certain issues,  Kremlin aide Yuri Ushakov told reporters.  We are also ready to hold a separate, exhaustive bilateral meeting. The time frame for such a separate meeting has not been agreed upon, but the possibility is being assessed.  ",1
15378,"Zimbabwe's axed VP is safe, traveling to South Africa: ally","JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s former vice president Emmerson Mnangagwa, who was fired by President Robert Mugabe this week, is safe and will travel to South Africa  very soon , the head of the war veterans Chris Mutsvangwa said on Wednesday. Mnangagwa s removal on Monday was a boost for Mugabe s wife, Grace, who has been a vocal critic of the former vice president and is seen as a potential successor to her husband. Mutsvangwa, a close ally of Mnangagwa, told reporters in Johannesburg that Grace was behind the purge of Mnangagwa and his allies. ",1
15379,Cameroon separatists kill at least two gendarmes as Anglophone dispute escalates,"DAKAR (Reuters) - Anglophone secessionists in Cameroon killed at least two gendarmes on Wednesday, two secessionist leaders and a security official said, signaling an escalation in their protracted dispute with the central government. The attacks in the English-speaking city of Bamenda marked the worst fighting in recent years between secessionist militants and government forces in the central African state after a year of mostly peaceful protest. Anglophone lawyers and teachers launched demonstrations a year ago against what they see as a marginalization of English-speakers by President Paul Biya s government in the Northwest and Southwest regions who were forced to work in French.  A harsh crackdown by state forces, including the use of helicopter gunships to fire on civilians, has killed dozens of people and bolstered support for the once-fringe separatist movement ahead of presidential elections in 2018.  Cho Ayaba, a leading member of the Ambazonian Governing Council, a separatist body established to create an independent state called Ambazonia, said secessionist militants killed three gendarmes in two coordinated attacks in Bamenda, the capital of the predominantly English-speaking Northwest region. Cameroonian security sources reported the deaths of two gendarmes in an overnight attack near Bamenda, with one senior military official blaming the secessionists. Another source said the gendarmes were ambushed by armed men on motorbikes.   Cameroon s government spokesman and chief of police could not be reached immediately for comment.   Ayaba said members of the Ambazonian Defence Force, an armed wing of the separatist movement, killed two gendarmes in a first attack around 2 a.m. (0100 GMT) at a checkpoint near Bamenda airport, and a third was killed in an ambush on a gendarme patrol unit in a Bamenda suburb about an hour later.   We carried out the actions,  said Ayaba.  Their security forces are a target and we will continue attacking them until they are gone.  Another separatist leader confirmed his account.  Cameroon s linguistic divide harks back a century to the League of Nations  decision to split the former German colony of Kamerun between the allied French and British victors at the end of World War One.  The secessionist movement has existed for decades underground but has only recently started to gain widespread support in the English-speaking Northwest and Southwest in response to the government s repression of protests. Hundreds of Anglophone Cameroonians were swept up in mass arrests following violent demonstrations on Oct. 1, and at least 5,000 have fled the crisis for neighboring Nigeria. ",1
15380,'Is this the Trump we know?' South Koreans wax sanguine after Trump visit,"SEOUL (Reuters) - By the time Donald Trump departed Seoul on Wednesday, the sometimes bellicose American president seemed to have mollified South Koreans who had been bracing for more confrontational rhetoric over North Korea, trade, and defense spending. Throughout his 24-hour swing through South Korea, Trump, who in a September speech at the United Nations had threatened to  totally destroy  North Korea and had dismissed dialogue with Pyongyang as a  waste of time , took a more restrained tone. In his first trip to South Korea as president, Trump also significantly toned down his criticism of what he once called a  horrible  free trade deal with South Korea. He says now he will  find a fair and reciprocal  deal after earlier threatening to terminate the pact. The apparent newfound bond between Trump and liberal South Korean President Moon Jae-in, and the U.S. President s willingness to  make a deal  with North Korea - albeit on his terms - could begin to assuage fears of a catastrophic war with nuclear-armed North Korea.  Trump s willingness to talk about revising the bilateral trade agreement, rather than scrapping it entirely, could also reassure markets worried about the fallout on major exporters such as Samsung, Hyundai and LG Electronics.  Trump s speech to South Korea s National Assembly on Wednesday, interrupted by applause about 20 times with a standing ovation at the end, praised a  free and flourishing  South, in contrast to  the horror of life in North Korea.  On South Korea s largest internet portal, Naver.com, some of Moon s supporters welcomed the address. They said Trump displayed a greater knowledge of the two Koreas than his previous statements had indicated.  Far from the  madman  the media portrays, Trump came across as perfectly normal, smart, and well-mannered,  read one of the more than 1,200 posts on Naver.com. Another wrote:  Wow, best speech ever. I feel so safe to have such a great U.S. president who is so determined to resolve North Korean issues.  Naver.com blocks out the usernames on comments to keep them anonymous.  South Koreans were feeling a little less safe earlier this week when the Pentagon, in a letter to U.S. lawmakers, gave a blunt assessment of what war on the Korea peninsula would look like. A ground invasion would be the only way to locate and secure all North Korea s nuclear weapons with complete certainty, and Pyongyang could use biological and chemical weapons in any conflict, it said. Seoul, the densely populated capital with some 25 million residents, lies an hour s drive from the border.  The U.S. military presence in South Korea has long been seen as a bulwark against the North and its nuclear threat. The United States decisively intervened in the 1950-53 Korean War, which has left the two Korea s technically still at war, since it ended in a truce, not a peace treaty.  While the sprawling U.S. military bases housing some 28,500  troops have not been without controversy  - some critics contend they undermine the country s sovereignty - the U.S. security umbrella is also deeply embedded in the national psyche. Underscoring the importance Seoul attaches to the alliance at a time of increased tensions with Pyongyang, South Korean officials rolled out a reception fit for the first state visit by an American president in 25 years, according to the presidential Blue House. Moon, who took office in May, had campaigned for more dialogue with North Korea. He appeared to be the target of criticism from Trump, who said after North Korea s nuclear test in September:  South Korea is finding, as I have told them, that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work, they only understand one thing!     But Moon led a charm offensive, proclaiming a  special bond forged between President Trump and myself  after a lengthy meeting at the presidential Blue House. He personally joined Trump during a tour of a U.S. base, as well as during an ultimately aborted visit to the demilitarized zone on the border with North Korea.  I wouldn t say we didn t have any concerns,  a South Korean government official said.  But the fact that he received a standing ovation (for his speech) could mean that he dispelled such concerns, delivered the message we wanted him to deliver, and wrapped up his trip successfully,  said the official who  asked for anonymity, citing the sensitivity of the matter. In his speech to the National Assembly, where several lawmakers brandished signs reading  No war, we want peace ,  Trump paid homage to the 67-year-old alliance that  divides the oppressed and the free . He noted that in  less than one lifetime, South Korea climbed from total devastation to among the wealthiest nations on earth . Trump also reassured South Koreans the Korean War would not be repeated.  We will not allow American cities to be threatened with destruction. We will not be intimidated. And we will not let the worst atrocities in history be repeated here, on this ground we fought and died so hard to secure,  he said. And while Trump painted a dystopian picture of life in North Korea, he refrained from any threats of pre-emptive action against the North. On Tuesday, Trump said it would in the North s interest to  come to the table and to make a deal . It all seemed reassuring to an anxious South Korean public.   I think people might have felt they got to see the real Trump after he visited South Korea,  said Kim Jun-seok, a political science professor at Dongguk University.  And we heard many things that were positive about South Korea. It was all enough for people to think,  Is this the Trump we know?  ",1
15381,France says takes U.S. claims Iran violated U.N. resolutions seriously,"PARIS (Reuters) - France s foreign ministry said on Wednesday it was taking accusations by the United States that Iran had violated two U.N. Security Council resolutions seriously and urged Iran to comply with all its international commitments.  The United States Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley accused Iran on Tuesday of supplying Yemen s Houthi rebels with a missile that was fired into Saudi Arabia in July and called for the U.N. to hold Tehran accountable for violating two U.N. Security Council resolutions.  We take these American indications seriously and attach utmost importance to Iran s compliance with all of its international obligations, including the weapons  transfer bans provided for in UN Security Council Resolutions 2216 and 2231,  deputy foreign ministry spokesman Alexandre Georgini told reporters in a daily briefing. He did not respond when asked whether Paris supported potential measures at the Security Council. France s Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian has said that he expected a  challenging  meeting with his Iranian counterpart in Tehran when he travels there later this month. He is due to discuss Iran s ballistic missile program, which Paris says goes against U.N. Security Council resolutions, and its regional activities.   We have deep disagreements with Iran (on the ballistic issue) ... and the way in which Iran is discreetly or through proxies trying to create a direct channel to the Mediterranean,   he said after a Security Council meeting at the United Nations on Oct. 31.  ",1
15382,"Caught up in Catalan crisis, Belgian PM urges 'dialogue'","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Belgium s prime minister, battling to contain domestic fallout from the arrival of fugitive Catalan leaders, urged Madrid on Wednesday to talk to the separatists, but said he would not interfere in any extradition to Spain. Deposed Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont and four ex-ministers from his regional government arrived in Belgium last week, saying they had fled arrest in order to campaign in Brussels, capital of the European Union, against Spanish sanctions on them for running an independence referendum. Riven by its own regional division between Dutch- and French-speakers, Belgium has found itself a reluctant host to the Catalans.  The most important message, which is my strong conviction, is dialogue, dialogue, political dialogue,  Prime Minister Charles Michel told lawmakers who grilled him on his coalition s stance. Michel, a French-speaking liberal, has irritated Madrid by being one of the few EU leaders to criticize police violence during last month s referendum. But he has also sought to curb statements supporting the Catalan case from Flemish nationalist party N-VA, a major partner in his own coalition.  There is a political crisis in Spain, but not in Belgium,  insisted Michel, as opposition lawmakers questioned him about divisions within the government on the Catalan issue. His migration minister, from the N-VA, suggested before Puigdemont fled Barcelona that the Catalan leader could be entitled to political asylum in Belgium. Michel at the time called on the minister not to pour  oil on the fire . He then said Puigdemont could stay in Belgium for now just like  any other European citizen , but stressed that he had not been invited by the Belgian authorities. On Wednesday, echoing that cool tone, he said the Belgian government would not interfere in the judicial process under which Belgian judges must now rule on a request from Spain to extradite the five politicians. Nor, Michel said, would it play a role in any asylum claim. Puigdemont has raised objections to going back to Spain - where he faces charges of rebellion that could carry a jail term of up to 30 years - but has not sought refugee status, something that Belgian legal experts say he and the others would be unlikely to obtain. ",1
15383,Myanmar warns U.N. scolding could harm talks with Bangladesh on Rohingya crisis,"YANGON (Reuters) - Myanmar warned on Wednesday that a scolding delivered by the U.N. Security Council could  seriously harm  its talks with Bangladesh over returning home more than 600,000 people who  fled to escape a Myanmar military crackdown. In a statement on Monday, the Security Council had urged Myanmar to  ensure no further excessive use of military force  and expressed  grave concern over reports of human rights violations and abuses in Rakhine State . Responding, Myanmar s de facto leader Aung Sang Suu Kyi, whose less than two-year-old civilian administration shares power with the military, said the issues facing Myanmar and Bangladesh could only be resolved bilaterally, a point she says was ignored in the Security Council statement.  Furthermore, the (Security Council) Presidential Statement could potentially and seriously harm the bilateral negotiations between the two countries which have been proceeding smoothly and expeditiously,  Suu Kyi s office said in a statement. In contrast, Bangladesh issued a statement saying Foreign Minister Abul Hassan Mahmood Ali  appreciated the recent statement of the U.N. Security Council  during a meeting with a new resident coordinator of the United Nations in Bangladesh.  The Myanmar statement said Ali had been invited to Myanmar on Nov. 16 and Nov. 17, but Bangladeshi officials told Reuters that the earliest the talks were likely to take place was during the minister s visit for a regional meeting in the Myanmar capital of Naypyidaw on Nov. 20 and Nov. 21. The two sides have to agree a process for repatriation of Rohingya, with Bangladesh reluctant to fall back on the drill used for the return of Rohingya refugees to Myanmar in the 1990s, as it wants a more lasting solution.   A senior Bangladesh foreign ministry official said the United Nations should be involved in the process this time.  For years, we tried to resolve this issue bilaterally with Myanmar, but it was in vain,  the official told Reuters.  This problem is not going to be resolved anytime soon. The UN s involvement in the process is a must.  A sour note was struck over the talks last week, as Bangladesh officials voiced outrage over Suu Kyi s spokesman casting suspicion that Bangladesh might drag its feet over the repatriation process in order to first secure hundreds of millions of dollars in international aid money. Speaking at a conference for Commonwealth countries  parliamentarians in Dhaka on Sunday, Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina called for more international pressure on Myanmar.  I would request all of you to discuss Rohingya issue with utmost priority and exert pressure on the Myanmar government to stop the persecution of its citizens and take them back at the earliest,  she said. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is due to visit Myanmar on Nov. 15, with moves afoot in Washington to table a bill calling for sanctions on Myanmar that specifically target the military and related business interests. In a nod to China, the Myanmar statement said it appreciated the stand taken by some members of the Security Council who upheld the principle of non-interference in the internal affairs of sovereign countries. To appease council veto powers Russia and China, Britain and France dropped a push for the Security Council to adopt a resolution on the situation and the 15-member body instead unanimously agreed on a formal statement. The United Nations has denounced the violence during the past 10 weeks as a classic example of ethnic cleansing to drive the Rohingya Muslims out of Buddhist majority Myanmar. Rejecting that accusation, the military says its counter-insurgency clearance operation was provoked by Rohingya militants  synchronized attacks on 30 security posts in the northern part of Rakhine State on Aug. 25. Rohingya refugees say the military torched their villages, but the military say the arsonists were Rohingya militants. The refugees  have given harrowing accounts of rape and murder. Myanmar says those accusations will have to be investigated. Meantime, the exodus from Rakhine continues. Several thousand Rohingya reached Bangladesh last week, many wading through shallows on the Naf river on the boundary between the two countries, and some making a short, but perilous sea crossing in small boats. On Wednesday, 52 Rohingya came ashore in Bangladesh on a raft lashed together from bamboo and plastic jerrycans, having been unable to find a boat to take them, Shariful Islam, a Bangladesh border guard official, told Reuters.  On Tuesday, border guards told Reuters of at least two other boats with 68 Rohingya reaching Cox s Bazar, where they would join the multitude sheltering in refugee camps. Suu Kyi, a Nobel Peace Prize winner who defied the junta that ruled Myanmar for decades, has been pilloried abroad for not speaking out more forcefully to rein in the military. Last week she visited Rakhine for the first time since the crisis erupted, meeting community leaders and seeing the efforts to deliver aid and return the region to some semblance of normality. She has spoken of plans for repatriation centers at which refugees will have to prove they once lived in Rakhine, before being allowed to return. But having been classed as stateless by former junta rulers, Rohingya could struggle to pass the test. ",1
15384,Judge orders Rosneft CEO Sechin to appear as witness in bribery case,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - A Russian judge on Wednesday ordered Igor Sechin, the head of Russian oil giant Rosneft and a close ally of President Vladimir Putin, to appear as a witness in the bribery trial of former economy minister Alexei Ulyukayev. Ulyukayev was dismissed and put under house arrest a year ago over allegations that he took a $2 million bribe from Rosneft. He denies the charges. RIA news agency quoted a court secretary as saying the hearing where Sechin would testify would take place on Monday, Nov. 13. Rosneft declined to comment. Ulyukayev, who has already accused Sechin in court of framing him, was detained on Nov. 14 last year at Rosneft s Moscow headquarters, moments after Sechin handed him the cash in a late-night meeting that, according to prosecutors, was designed to catch the minister in the act of accepting a bribe. Analysts say the case is politically charged because Sechin represents a powerful faction in the Kremlin which favors greater state control over the economy and has clashed with a group of economic liberals in the government that included Ulyukayev. ",1
15385,Philippines' Duterte to Trump: 'Lay off' human rights when we meet,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte said on Wednesday he would tell U.S. President Donald Trump to  lay off  if he raises the issue of human rights when they meet. Trump will be in Manila on the last leg of his 12-day Asian trip, which includes visits to Japan, South Korea, China, and Vietnam. Trump will attend the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Danang, Vietnam, make a state visit to Hanoi and end his trip with the Association of South East Asia Nations summit in Manila. Duterte, who brooks no criticism of his human rights record and war on drugs, offered a comment on what he would tell Trump if he raised human rights.  You want to ask a question, I ll give you an answer. Lay off. That is not your business. That is my business. I take care of my country and I will nurture my country to health,  Duterte told reporters before leaving for Vietnam. More than 3,900 Filipinos have been killed in what the police called self-defense after armed suspects resisted arrest in Duterte s war on drugs. Critics dispute that and say executions are taking place with zero accountability, allegations the police reject. Duterte was infuriated by expressions of concern by former President Barack Obama s administration about extrajudicial killings in the Philippines. Human rights, rule of law and due process were among topics Trump and Duterte would likely discuss during their bilateral talks, Sung Kim, U.S. ambassador to Manila, said last month. But Trump, who has been criticized at home for neglecting rights issues in dealings abroad, in May praised Duterte for doing an  unbelievable job on the drug problem . ",1
15386,Lebanon Speaker says government still stands after PM quit: sources,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s parliament speaker Nabih Berri said on Wednesday that the government still stands after the prime minister s shock resignation, according to sources who met with him.   Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri s resignation in a weekend broadcast from Saudi Arabia  in this form  will not change the government s capacities, the sources cited Berri as saying.  ",1
15387,"Berlusconi eyes political resurrection, unhindered by sex scandals","ROME (Reuters) - In a post-Harvey Weinstein world, logic would dictate that Silvio Berlusconi, who hosted wild parties with young women and brags about his sexual prowess, would not have a ghost of a chance at political resurrection. But logic and Italian politics have never been synonymous. On Monday, the four-time former prime minister s right-wing bloc relished a huge political victory in regional elections in Sicily. Silvio, as his die-hard adoring acolytes simply call him, was back in the driver s seat.  Berlusconi is Alive,  was the headline in La Verita, a right-wing newspaper, on Tuesday. The mainstream Corriere della Sera ran a cartoon showing Berlusconi, wrapped in a burial shroud, emerging from a tomb like Lazarus in the New Testament. The regional Sicilian ballot, in which Berlusconi s candidate, Nello Musumeci, won big, was seen as a dry run for nationwide elections due before May. As the 81-year-old media tycoon campaigned tirelessly for Musumeci, betting that a victory in Sicily would be the springboard for a national return to power of the center-right, the ex-premier s sex scandals were no issue.  Unfortunately, this is a country where if one violates rules on sexual ethics, he is admired,  said Anna Foa, a history professor who is on a team of women who write a monthly edition on women s issues of the Vatican newspaper L Osservatore Romano. Earlier this month, British Defence Secretary Michael Fallon resigned after admitting touching a radio presenter s knee repeatedly in 2002 - relatively tame behavior compared to Berlusconi s past sex scandals.  This is a country - and I am sorry to have to say this - where breaking the rules brings votes,  Foa said.  Everyone wants to be the one who breaks the rules and gets away with it, and Berlusconi did this in a sphere that people like best - the sexual sphere.   Bunga Bunga  - the term of uncertain origin that the billionaire media magnate gave to his wild parties with young women at his plush residence near Milan - is now part of the modern Italian lexicon. Partly as a result of the sex scandals, Berlusconi went through a very public divorce from his second wife, Veronica Lario, in 2014. His current partner, Francesca Pascale, is 49 years his junior. Berlusconi is due to stand trial on charges he bribed witnesses to silence them over accusations he paid for sex with young women. In an earlier, related case, he was acquitted of having sex with one when she was still 17. He denies all wrongdoing. But far from being a hindrance, commentators say that in Italian politics, scandals can help, if only because voters believe there is little left to hide.  Berlusconi is like a used car that comes with a guarantee. You know what you are going to get,  said Giovanni Orsina, professor of modern history at Rome s Luiss University.  Even a person who is 81 years old and has gone through all these issues and scandals can seem appealing..., not because of his own strength but because of the weaknesses of others.  For now, Berlusconi cannot run for office due to a 2013 tax fraud conviction. But he hopes the European Court of Human Rights overturns this ban in time for him to run next year. Even if the courts deny him the chance, he would still be calling the shots as leader of the center-right in the event of a victory at the national elections. More than 50 women have accused Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein of having sexually harassed or assaulted them over the past three decades. He has denied having non-consensual sex with anyone. The allegations against Weinstein have prompted many more women as well as men to share stories in the media about improper behavior by powerful men in their countries. Not so in Italy, where women have for the most part remained silent despite confidential polls showing that many were asked for sexual favors in order to keep their jobs or advance their careers.  We are still a backwards country where women who speak out about sexual abuse are accused of exaggerating,  said Michela Marzano, an Italian philosopher who teaches at Paris Descartes University.  There is an unconscious adoption of the concept of a patriarchal order and male superiority and there is very little solidarity among women.   ",1
15388,Catalan leader's farmhouse pact to make last stand in Brussels,"BARCELONA/GIRONA, Spain (Reuters) - Twenty-four hours after Spain removed him from power, Catalonia s leader had resolved to leave the country and take his independence campaign to the heart of the European Union, but first he needed to tie off an important loose end. Carles Puigdemont s secessionist alliance was threatening to unravel, with the region s biggest grass-roots independence organization unhappy about his plan. So he called a meeting of political allies on the eve of his departure for Brussels, according to three sources with first-hand knowledge of the events. In the rural hamlet of Vilahur, near Puigdemont s home town, he and seven others, including the deputy chief of the grass-roots Catalan National Assembly (ANC), met over dinner at a farmhouse in the expectation Puigdemont and others present would be arrested for rebellion within hours, one source said. Puigdemont told the group he was not running away from a fight, as ANC officials feared it would be perceived, and that he would use Brussels, home to the EU parliament and commission, as a stage to continue to speak out against Spain s crackdown on the independence movement, the source added. After adjourning for the night, the group resumed the next morning at the farmhouse and agreed to back his plan. Crucially, that plan also included a commitment to contest snap regional elections called by Madrid for Dec. 21 rather than boycott them as the ANC first envisaged.   On reaching agreement, Puigdemont told them he was prepared to  spend 30 years in prison  for the cause and the others embraced him in what the source described as an emotional farewell. ANC deputy leader Agusti Alcoberro was among them.   The account of the meeting reveals how the independence movement s leadership managed to overcome deep-rooted internal divisions and agree a rough game plan for the weeks ahead. While the two main pro-independence parties finally chose on Tuesday to contest the elections under their own brand rather than a joint ticket, their manifestos will be coordinated and they are still expected to join forces after the vote.   An opinion poll this week showed that pro-independence parties would win the largest share of the vote, though a majority was not assured and question marks remain over Puigdemont s leadership of the pro-independence cause. Puigdemont could not be reached for comment.  WRONG-FOOTED At the time of the Vilahur talks, Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy seemed to hold the upper hand. He had surprised the secessionists by calling elections much sooner than they had expected, according to sources close to Puigdemont. A disparate collection of parties whose only common thread is independence, Puigdemont s coalition had been bickering over what some saw as his timid tactics. Some had even been talking of boycotting the election, which could have spelled the end of the movement.  He was wrong-footed by Rajoy s tough response,  said an  ally of Puigdemont. When Rajoy dropped his election bombshell, Puigdemont was still celebrating the regional assembly s vote earlier that day to declare Catalonia a republic. The Catalan leader had to move quickly to secure consensus for the Brussels plan and, more importantly, for his unwieldy coalition to contest the elections, which had been called by a nation they no longer considered themselves to be a part of. In Puigdemont s first meeting late on Oct. 27, in Barcelona s regional parliament building, the coalition decided that only a few ministers would go with him to Brussels and the rest would stay and defend themselves against any prosecution for sedition, said sources briefed on that meeting. Afterwards, he drove to Girona, the town he had run as mayor. In a courtyard of a government building, he filmed a message calling for non-violent opposition to Rajoy s takeover of the region. It was televised by Catalan public broadcaster TV3 which called him  president . Later, he lunched with his wife and two friends at a local wine bar and walked with them to Girona s Placa de la Independencia (Independence Square) where he posed for photos while applauding onlookers shouted  Long Live Catalonia . Despite the defiant scene, the day was not going well for the newly declared Catalan republic. Rajoy was receiving backing from world powers including France, Germany and the United States. Spanish authorities were already taking over Catalan government offices. However, Puigdemont got some news that appeared to justify his Brussels strategy just as he and four of his ex-ministers were making their way there. Belgium s migration minister, Theo Francken, said that if Puigdemont were to seek political asylum in Belgium, it would be  not unrealistic  to grant it. Belgium is one of few EU states where EU citizens can request asylum. Francken belongs to Flemish nationalist party N-VA, which  is supportive of Catalan self-determination. He said no asylum request had yet been made but events were  moving fast . Puigdemont was meanwhile in a friend s car heading for Marseilles, southern France, where he would board a flight to Brussels. To elude Spanish police, someone drove his official car in a different direction. Since arriving in Brussels, Puigdemont and the four ex-ministers who accompanied him there have been slapped with European arrest warrants for rebellion and sedition, crimes carrying up to 30 years in jail. Back in Spain, eight other ex-ministers have been jailed pending an investigation and potential trial for rebellion, sedition and misuse of public funds. Puigdemont has not sought asylum but is at liberty in Belgium pending a hearing on extradition, which his lawyer has said he will oppose. ",1
15389,"Blast in Turkish textile factory kills five, wounds 16: ministry","ANKARA (Reuters) - An explosion at a textile factory in northwestern Turkey killed five people and wounded 16 others on Wednesday, the labor minister said, in what seemed to have been caused by a boiler, according to state media. The force of the explosion in the paint shop of the building caused the roof of the factory to collapse and left extensive damage to some nearby vehicles, footage from the scene, in the Gursu district of the northwestern Bursa province, showed. The state-run Anadolu news agency said a boiler caused the explosion, and officials were investigating what happened.  Initial reports from the area show that five workers have lost their lives and 16 people, including citizens who were in the factory s vicinity during the blast, were wounded,  Labour Minister Julide Sarieroglu said. She said the wounded were transferred to regional hospitals and that their conditions were not critical.  There are no risks at the moment, but it was a very big explosion that damaged the area,  Deputy Prime Minister Hakan Cavusoglu said. Sarieroglu said her ministry had started an investigation into the blast, assigning a delegation to evaluate the explosion.  ",1
15390,North Korean embassy official in focus at Kim Jong Nam trial,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Three men wanted for the killing of Kim Jong Nam were driven to the murder site in a car bought by a North Korean embassy official, a Malaysian court was told on Wednesday, bringing into focus the embassy s role in the sensational murder. Two women, Indonesian Siti Aisyah and Doan Thi Huong, a Vietnamese, are charged with conspiring with four North Korean fugitives to kill the North Korean leader s half-brother using banned chemical weapon VX, at the Kuala Lumpur international airport on Feb. 13. Defense lawyers say the women were duped into thinking they were playing a prank for a reality TV show. Closed circuit television recordings played in court on Wednesday showed three of the fugitives at the airport in a car registered to a North Korean suspect named Ri Jong Chol. Jong Chol, who was arrested and deported shortly after the murder, told investigators the car had been bought in his name by a North Korean embassy official named Chal Su in October 2016, lead investigator Wan Azirul Nizam Che Wan Aziz said.  We made a request to the North Korean embassy to identify and question Chal Su, but did not receive any cooperation,  Wan Azirul told the court. Airport video recordings screened in court earlier showed the embassy s second secretary and a manager for North Korean airline Air Koryo helping the four fugitives flee immediately after the murder. Wan Azirul on Wednesday named the two individuals as North Korean embassy second secretary Hyon Kwang Song and Air Koryo manager Kim Uk Il. Both men had gone into hiding at the embassy in Kuala Lumpur, along with Ri Ji U, a 30-year-old North Korean also known as James, after warrants were issued for their arrest, Wan Azirul said. Police took statements from the embassy s second secretary and the Air Koryo official before releasing them, but did not pursue Ji U or Chal Su in the absence of instructions to do so, Wan Azirul said.  During this probe, which involves international issues, I faced many constraints in investigating and needed to refer to my superior officers before taking any action,  he added. North Korea has vehemently denied accusations by South Korean and U.S. officials that Kim Jong Un s regime was behind the killing. Kim Jong Nam, who was living in exile in Macau, had criticized his family s dynastic rule of North Korea and his brother had issued a standing order for his execution, some South Korean lawmakers have said. The murder unraveled once-close ties between Malaysia and North Korea. Malaysia was forced to return Kim Jong Nam s body and allow the suspects hiding in the embassy to return home, in exchange for the release of nine Malaysians barred from leaving Pyongyang. ",1
15391,"Under China anthem cloud, rare interest in Hong Kong vs Bahrain soccer friendly","HONG KONG (Reuters) - Some activists in Hong Kong say they plan to defy a Chinese law against disrespecting the national anthem, by jeering it at international soccer fixtures against Bahrain and Lebanon in the next few days. The controversy is another instance of recent tensions in the former British colony between pro-democracy advocates and China s Communist Party leaders, who have been criticized for tightening their grip on Hong Kong s affairs. Hong Kong returned from British to Chinese rule in 1997 under a  one country, two systems  arrangement that guarantees a high degree of autonomy, including an independent judiciary and the freedom of expression. In recent years, some Hong Kong fans have booed the national anthem at soccer matches, with some parallels to protests in the United States where American football players have knelt during the national anthem, a protest denounced by U.S. President Donald Trump. China s parliament on Saturday passed an amendment to its criminal law that extends punishments for publicly desecrating the national flag and emblem to disrespecting the national anthem.  Offenders can be jailed for up to three years, Xinhua reported. Hong Kong, as part of China, is now obliged to put its own set of laws related to the national anthem to the local legislature, but details including jail terms and the scope of enforcement have yet to be set. For now, though, some fans say they won t change their behavior when Hong Kong play Bahrain in a friendly match on Thursday and Lebanon in an Asian Cup qualifier next Tuesday.  It s something we ve always done,  said one fan who has attended games for the past few years, including two World Cup qualifiers between Hong Kong and China in 2015 that drew jeers from the crowd.  It s a kind of resentment toward China that comes through ... There are several hundred of us and it s become a tradition now. We ll keep doing it.  The Hong Kong Football Association (HKFA) was warned by the Asian Football Confederation (AFC) recently over the conduct of fans who booed the Chinese anthem, and said  a repeat violation may result in more severe punishment . Asked for comment, the AFC didn t specifically address a question on whether they d been pressed by China to punish Hong Kong, but said a review of video evidence found fans guilty of  improper conduct  under the AFC s disciplinary and ethics code. Hong Kong s leader, Carrie Lam, has suggested the law would be enacted in the current legislative year, and not be applied retrospectively - which would mean fans who jeer before it becomes law locally shouldn t face prosecution.  People should not excessively worry about unwittingly committing an offense. These worries are unnecessary,  Lam told reporters.  I don t see this as having any connection to ... freedom of expression. But this has highlighted a recent trend in Hong Kong that whenever there is anything related to Hong Kong and Chinese affairs ... some people cause panic and unnecessary fear.  ",1
15392,Egyptian court upholds leading activist's jail sentence,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt s Court of Cassation upheld a five-year jail sentence against prominent opposition activist Alaa Abdel Fattah on Wednesday, judicial sources said, a final ruling that cannot be appealed. Abdel Fattah, who has already served more than three years in prison, was jailed for protesting without permission in breach of a 2013 law that rights groups say effectively bans protests. The blogger and software engineer was a leading voice amongst the tech-savvy liberal youth who initially led the 2011 uprising that ended the 30-year-rule of Hosni Mubarak. He is one of several activists jailed since the military overthrew Islamist president Mohamed Mursi in 2013 after mass protests and cracked down on his Muslim Brotherhood movement and secular democracy activists. The government has proscribed the Muslim Brotherhood as a terrorist organization but denies it has cracked down on secular democracy activists. Prosecutors said Abdel Fattah was guilty of organizing a protest in November 2013 because he had promoted it on social media. Rights groups say authorities were only able to prosecute Abdel Fattah, who did not attend the protest, by invoking a century old law of assembly that institutes collective punishment for all those involved in an illegal gathering.     They say the 1914-era law was in fact repealed in 1928 and courts should not be using it. They have sued the president over its use but there has been no response from the government. Abdel Fattah is also on trial in a separate case where he is accused of insulting the judiciary, a charge that carries up to three years in jail. A verdict is scheduled for December. Egyptian rights activists say they face the worst crackdown in history under general-turned-president Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, who they accuse of erasing freedoms won in the 2011 uprising. Sisi, seen in the West as a bulwark against extremism in the region, has urged his critics to not judge Egypt s rights records by western standards, saying security and economic prosperity are also human rights.  ",1
15393,Iraq foreign minister says against 'isolating and besieging' any country,"DOHA (Reuters) - Iraqi Foreign Minister Ibrahim al-Jaafari said on Wednesday his country was against  isolating and besieging  any other country.  He was speaking in the Qatari capital Doha. Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain and Egypt cut diplomatic and transport ties with Doha on June 5, saying Qatar supports regional foe Iran and Islamists, a charge which Qatar denies.  ",1
15394,Danish fishermen could be hit hard by Brexit: research report,"COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Danish fishermen could be hit hard by Britain s decision to leave the European Union if it leads to restrictions in their access to British waters, a research report made on request of the Danish government concluded on Wednesday. The Danish fishing lobby has strong clout in Copenhagen and could press the government to adopt a tough stance in Britain s negotiations with the EU on a post-Brexit trade deal. European fishermen want Brussels to use its trump card - continued access to the essential EU market - in negotiations on how to divvy up the seas. Those Danish fishermen that operate the most in British waters could lose more than half of their current catch in the worst of four imagined scenarios, researchers from Copenhagen University concluded in the report. The actual consequences will depend on the negotiations between Britain and the other 27 EU countries, Minister for Fisheries Karen Ellemann said.  We are working with the other affected countries to maintain our fishing opportunities and access to British waters,  she said in a comment on the report. Each of the years from 2012 through to 2016 Danish fishermen have unloaded fish from British waters worth between 700 million  and 1 billion Danish crowns ($109-156 million). That corresponds to 34 percent of the total value of fish uploaded by the Danish fishermen, and 45 percent of the volume. Herring and mackerel would be especially hit, and it would indirectly hurt Denmark s onshore fish processing industry.  The Danish vessels might change behavior in a way which has not been foreseen in the analysis, or other fishing opportunities might become possible, for instance in the Norwegian zone,  the researchers said in the report. Danish fishermen have argued that if the British get free access to sell fish in the EU, then EU fishermen should also get free access to fish in the British fishing zone. Europe imports about 75 percent of the British catch.  Britain has said it plans to allow foreign ships to fish in UK waters after Brexit but claims the right to decide the extent of access. The EU will be seeking to maintain something close to the status quo, industry sources have told Reuters.  ",1
15395,Philippines to ask China to clarify its intentions in disputed sea,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, in an apparent policy shift, said on Wednesday he planned to ask China to make clear its intentions in the disputed South China Sea during Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) meetings in Vietnam. China claims almost the entire strategic waterway where $3 trillion worth of sea-borne goods passes every year, building and militarizing artificial islands. Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam also have conflicting claims.  So, it s about time, either in the bilateral or in the plenary, I should be bringing this important matter to the surface,  Duterte told reporters before leaving for Vietnam. He said China had to make it clear to Southeast Asian countries its intentions in the South China Sea.  You want to control the passage or do we have the free passage?  he said, adding he would not be confrontational.  Since coming to office 16 months ago, the firebrand leader has been conciliatory to Beijing, despite a ruling from an international arbitration court favoring the Philippines in its territorial dispute with China. In the past, Duterte has repeatedly said he will raise the sea dispute at the proper time and avoided the issue when Manila hosted two regional meetings this year. The two countries will also negotiate a military protocol to avoid maritime  miscalculations , Manila s defense minister said on Wednesday following a brief standoff near a Philippine-occupied island in a disputed part of the South China Sea. Delfin Lorenzana said the Philippines tried to put up makeshift structures on a sand bar about 4 km (2.5 miles) off Thitu island in the Spratly archipelago in August, but China objected and sent ships to the area. Duterte sought to defuse tensions by ordering troops to pull out. Construction was stopped.  We intend to sit down with China to draft and agree on a protocol to resolve immediately any incident,  he said, adding he hoped talks could start this year. China-Philippines relations have often been frosty over the South China Sea, but ties have warmed under Duterte, who prefers to not provoke Beijing and wants to tap it for loans and investment. ",1
15396,Germany urges North Korea to accept U.S. talks offer,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany urged North Korea on Wednesday to halt its program of missile tests and accept the United States  offer of talks on its nuclear plans, hours after U.S. President Donald Trump warned that the Pyongyang  rogue regime  was in  grave danger . A spokeswoman for Germany s foreign ministry told a regular news conference that U.S. foreign policy under Trump had become  unpredictable , including in areas like trade policy. U.S. rhetoric toward Pyongyang has undergone sharp shifts in recent days. ",1
15397,"In Pakistan, North Korean diplomat's alcohol stash raises bootlegging suspicions"," ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Neighbors say when three men kicked down the doors and burgled the home of a North Korean diplomat in Islamabad last month, it took them more than three hours to lug out their booty: thousands of bottles of Scotch whisky, beer and French wine.  The robbers came prepared. Police and witnesses said they brought three cars and a small truck to plunder Hyon Ki Yong s trove of alcoholic drinks, which is worth more than $150,000 on the black market in a country where it is illegal for Muslims to consume alcohol.  The police, who recovered much of the stash soon after the Oct. 3 burglary, say that the three robbers were police officers and have issued arrest warrants for them and for a member of a well-known bootlegging family. They have also arrested Hyon s housekeeper.  Senior police and customs officials say the discovery of such a large amount of liquor has led them to conclude that some North Korean diplomats are involved in selling alcohol either to make money for themselves or to provide funds for the cash-starved regime in Pyongyang.  The North Korean government is facing increasingly tough United Nations-backed economic sanctions because of its nuclear weapons and missile development programs.   This North Korean was involved in liquor selling,  said a senior police official in Islamabad who is familiar with the investigation, in reference to Hyon.  The officer said North Korean diplomats in Pakistan had been doing this for years, though he didn t provide direct evidence of such sales.  Reuters could not independently verify that Hyon had been selling alcohol.  A diplomat from the North Korean embassy declined to comment on Hyon s case, or the wider allegations about alcohol sales.   It has been discussed between the embassy and MOFA (Pakistan s ministry of foreign affairs),  said the diplomat, who put the phone down before identifying himself. He did not respond to subsequent calls.  Reuters was unable to reach Hyon for comment.  The investigating police officer, Ishtiaq Hussain, said that the housekeeper, Boota Masih, had  confessed  to his role in the crime and had provided all the details.  Masih is in custody and he could not be reached for comment. Reuters couldn t determine if he has a lawyer.  One of the officers being sought by police, Malik Asif, told Reuters when contacted by phone that he denies being involved in the burglary. He said he is currently in hiding.    He said he had no doubt that North Koreans were involved in the alcohol smuggling business.   They have been doing this business for a long time,  he added.       Some foreign diplomats in Islamabad have long-held suspicions that North Korean diplomats in Pakistan are involved in bootlegging.  They say they believe Pakistan has turned a blind eye to bootlegging by North Koreans, perhaps out of courtesy to the historic ties between the two countries. Abdul Qadeer Khan, the Pakistani scientist lionized as the father of Pakistan s atomic bomb, in 2004 said he had sold nuclear secrets to North Korea.  Pakistan denies being lax in policing such behavior by North Korean diplomats.  No such activity has ever been, or shall ever be tolerated,  foreign ministry spokesman Mohammad Faisal told Reuters.  When asked about this particular case, Faisal said:  Pakistan is actively investigating the case and any indiscretion, if proven, will be punished as per national and international laws.   Pakistan has also always denied helping North Korea with its nuclear program.  This summer, the U.S. embassy in Islamabad along with South Korean and Japanese counterparts lodged a complaint with Pakistan s Ministry of Foreign Affairs about the size of the North Korean mission in Pakistan, because they wanted to reduce its ability to raise funds for Pyongyang by reselling imported alcohol, according to diplomatic sources in Islamabad and Seoul.  The Japanese and South Koreans had been making such requests for more than a year, according to a source in Seoul. A Japanese foreign ministry source has denied knowledge of the demarche.  The source in Seoul estimates North Korea has 12-14 diplomats in Pakistan, split between Islamabad and Karachi, prompting some diplomats to wonder why Pyongyang needs so many representatives when   according to Pakistan central bank data - its official trade with Pakistan has ceased since August 2016.  Washington has been tightening the diplomatic and economic noose around North Korea, seeking to cut its foreign sources of funding amid fears the world s most isolated regime is on the cusp of developing intercontinental ballistic missiles capable of carrying nuclear warheads to American shores.  The U.S. Embassy in Pakistan declined to comment.  Japan s foreign ministry declined to comment.  The South Korean foreign ministry said:  Our government is closely monitoring any movement concerning illegal activities of North Korea but we cannot officially confirm this case.   Pakistan s foreign ministry didn t respond to questions about the pressure it faced from other nations over the size of North Korea s mission.  When Hyon discovered the robbery on Oct. 4 after returning to Islamabad from a trip to China,  the diplomat rushed to the nearby police station to report the crime.   He was angry and upset,  said Hussain, the police officer who interviewed Hyon in Islamabad s Kohsar police station.  And very worried.   Hyon told the police the robbers had fled with 1,200 bottles of Johnnie Walker Black Label whisky, 200 cases of wine, 60 cartons of beer, dozens of bottles of tequila, two diamonds and $3,000 in cash, according to a police document reviewed by Reuters. On the black market, the whisky alone is worth $80 per bottle, or a total $96,000.  Hyon and the North Korean embassy told police the alcohol was imported legally and presented documents to back up its case. Police declined to make the documents available.  A week after the robbery, North Korea s ambassador to Pakistan met the foreign ministry s chief of protocol and requested Hyon s missing items be returned, according to a Pakistani foreign ministry document seen by Reuters.  It is unclear whether Hyon, who would have diplomatic immunity, is himself under investigation.  Documents reviewed by Reuters showing four separate alcohol import orders by North Korea s embassy between March-December 2016 paint a picture of a mission importing alcoholic drinks that would be far above any reasonable personal needs of its diplomats.  During the nine-month period, the embassy imported 10,542 bottles of French Bordeaux wine through Truebell, a United Arab Emirates-based company. The four orders, billed by Truebell at $72,867, also included a total of 17,322 cans of Heineken and Carlsberg beer, as well as 646 bottles of champagne.  A person who answered the phone on Truebell s Sharjah, UAE number told Reuters that the company no longer has any dealing with North Korea, but did not elaborate, and would not answer any more questions.       Alcohol is a sensitive issue in Pakistan.  Muslims, by law, are not allowed to consume alcohol but many among the Westernized elite drink.  Non-Muslims such as Christians, Hindus and Sikhs, accounting for about 3 percent of the population between them, are allowed to drink alcohol but obtaining high-quality imported liquor and wine is almost impossible through legal means.  This has spawned a lucrative black market. Alcohol is smuggled across borders and through sea ports, while several diplomats from poorer countries told Reuters they had been offered thousands of dollars by bootleggers to buy their quarterly  alcohol quotas.    I ve been approached five times, usually at diplomatic receptions,  said one non-Western diplomat.  Under Pakistan s rules, Hyon, who has the first secretary rank at the North Korean embassy, would every three months be allowed to import a consignment of alcohol. Under one of the allowed formulas that would mean 120 liters of various spirits, 18 liters of wine and 240 liters of beer   only a fraction of the amount he reported missing.  ",1
15398,Russia opposes U.S. draft U.N. resolution on Syria chemical probe extension: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia opposes a draft U.N. resolution to extend the mandate of an international inquiry into chemical weapons attacks in Syria, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov said on Wednesday. Ryabkov s comments came hours after Russia rejected a report by the international inquiry blaming the Syrian government for a deadly toxic gas attack, casting doubt on the U.N. Security Council s ability to extend the investigation s mandate before it expires next week. Russia last month cast a veto at the United Nations Security Council against renewing the investigation s mandate.  I stress that we are in no way raising the question of ending this structure s activities,  RIA state news agency quoted Ryabkov as saying.  We are in favor of its maintenance, but on a different basis.  The draft U.N. resolution by the United States says Syria must not develop or produce chemical weapons, and it calls on all parties in Syria to provide full cooperation with the international probe. The investigation by the United Nations and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons   known as the Joint Investigative Mechanism (JIM)   was unanimously created by the 15-member Security Council in 2015 and renewed in 2016 for another year. Its mandate is due to expire in mid-November. The investigation found that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad s government was to blame for a chemical attack on the opposition-held town of Khan Sheikhoun that killed dozens of people in April, according to a report sent to the Security Council on Oct. 26. Russia, whose air force and special forces have bolstered the Syrian army, has said there is no evidence to show Damascus was responsible for the attack. Moscow maintains that the chemicals that killed civilians belonged to rebels, not Assad s government. ",1
15399,Catalonia protest strike closes down roads in region,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - A strike called across Catalonia by pro-independence activists to protest the jailing of sacked regional politicians shut down roads early on Wednesday, causing huge tailbacks into Barcelona while some public transport ran minimum services.Catalan pro-independence union CSC called the strike which was supported by civic groups Asamblea Nacional Catalana (ANC) and Omnium Cultural, whose leaders were imprisoned last month on sedition charges. Scores of people stood across dozens of major highways in the region waving placards and chanting  freedom for political prisoners  while minor scuffles were reported on social media as police attempted to move protesters, TV and video images showed. One crowd of activists also forced their way into the train station in the city of Girona and protested on the tracks, causing delays, images on social media showed.  However, despite transport delays, shops and businesses in the region largely appeared to be functioning as normal. The leaders the ANC and Omnium and eight former members of the Catalan government are in prison awaiting trial after staging a referendum on secession that Spanish courts deemed illegal and then declaring independence. The independence drive has tipped Spain in to its worst political crisis in decades, widening political and cultural divisions and prompting thousands of companies to relocate out of the region.  The government, which assumed control of Catalonia after a unilateral independence declaration, has called an election for Dec. 21. ",1
15400,Kremlin warns of mutual damage if Ukraine cuts diplomatic ties,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Wednesday that a reported plan by Ukraine to cut all diplomatic ties with Russia would further deepen a crisis between the two countries and end up hurting the interests of both Ukrainians and Russians. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov, speaking on a conference call with reporters, was responding to a report in Russia s Kommersant newspaper which said that the Ukrainian parliament was expected to vote to cut all diplomatic ties on Nov. 16. Ties between Moscow and Kiev have been in crisis since Russia annexed Ukraine s Crimea region in 2014 and a pro-Russian separatist uprising broke out in eastern Ukraine that same year.  ",1
15401,Kremlin says Putin meeting with Trump at APEC 'highly likely',"MOSCOW (Reuters) - A meeting between Russian President Vladimir Putin and U.S. counterpart Donald Trump at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Vietnam this week is  highly likely,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Wednesday. Peskov added that the two sides were still trying to agree on the best time and format for the meeting. ",1
15402,"Short on boots and backing, West Africa force faces uphill battle","SEVARE, Mali (Reuters) - Snipers from a new West African force lie prone on a rooftop in central Mali, scanning the horizon for Islamist militants who have infiltrated this sparsely populated region south of the Sahara and made it a launchpad for deadly attacks. Thousands of U.N. peacekeepers, French troops and U.S. military trainers and drone operators have failed to stem a growing wave of jihadist violence, leading international powers to pin their hopes on a new regional force. But the so-called G5 Sahel initiative faces immense challenges if it is to do any better at bringing security to the arid Sahel region than its countries Burkina Faso, Chad, Mali, Mauritania and Niger have managed so far. Security sources and analysts say too strong an emphasis on military might over tackling the underlying causes of jihad, logistical shortfalls and a lack of cooperation from regional powerhouse Algeria all raise doubts over whether the G5 can succeed where years of Western intervention has not.  There is a long way to go to reach full operational capacity, even though the timeframe is relatively short,  G5 force commander General Didier Dacko told visiting U.N. Security Council envoys last month, citing a range of needs from aerial support to communications equipment to intelligence gathering.  The United Nations, France and the United States have poured billions of dollars into stabilizing the region over the past 15 years but have failed to meaningfully address the many local grievances driving conflict, analysts say. Political and social tensions, such as a stalled peace process between the government and armed groups in Mali, are pushing youths to jihad, as are growing rivalries between farmers and cattle herders and rights abuses by national armies. In northern Burkina Faso, for example, preacher Malam Ibrahim Dicko has gained adherents to his militant Ansarul Islam movement by railing against the privileges of traditional elites in a region scarred by widespread poverty. Some local groups have affiliated themselves with global franchises such as al Qaeda and Islamic State, whose dwindling presence in the Middle East has led Western governments to zero in on the vast lawless tracts of North and West Africa to prevent them finding new footholds. But the militant groups in the Sahel draw more on frustrations with central governments and the Western forces that back them than a global jihadist agenda, making security-heavy approaches risky, analysts say.  I think local communities in Mali and Niger feel alienated and confused by the actions of those entities,  said Alexander Thurston, an assistant professor at Georgetown University who specializes in Islam and politics in West Africa.   The problems require political solutions, ultimately, and the G5 is a small and underfunded force.  The G5 s backers say they recognize the need for longer-term economic development, not just a beefed-up security presence. In Mali last month, France s U.N. envoy Francois Delattre called the two  absolutely inseparable . But when it comes to coughing up, development often gets short-changed. A U.N. initiative to support regional security, governance and development has only received 30 percent of its budget since 2013, with the latter two areas worst hit. France is keenly backing the G5, hoping it will provide an eventual exit strategy for its own costly 4,000-strong counter-terrorism taskforce in the region, Operation Barkhane.   Terrorist groups in the Sahel now represent a global threat,  French Foreign Minster Jean-Yves Le Drian told the Security Council last week.  The G5 Sahel joint force is the right response to this challenge.  The threat Islamist militants pose was underscored by last month s attack in Niger that killed eight U.S. and Nigerien troops, prompting American officials to predict U.S. involvement in the region would intensify. Across the street from the snipers  perch in Sevare, Mali, inside the G5 headquarters, General Dacko told Security Council diplomats how he planned to take on the 1,000 or so  terrorists  he estimated operate in the area. Joint patrols, hot pursuit operations and intelligence sharing among the five countries contributing to the force, which should eventually boast nearly 5,000 soldiers, will chase out drug traffickers and militants, he said. Neither the U.N. mission in Mali, which cannot operate across borders, nor the French taskforce, which has concentrated on training local forces and going after high value targets, has made securing the region s porous borders a priority. Last week, the G5 deployed its first several hundred troops from Mali, Niger and Burkina Faso to their shared borderlands where jihadists have carried out dozens of attacks this year.     The G5 is a source of hope and we believe in it completely,  Dacko said. Initially skeptical of the force, the United States pledged up to $60 million last week. Even so, commitments from the G5 countries and donors stand at only a third of the estimated $490 million the force needs in its first year. Money, logistical support and local opposition aside, Dacko said he was concerned about the relationship with the continent s biggest country, Algeria, with which the G5 nations share a collective border roughly 2,500 km (1,500 miles) long. Islamist militant groups emerged in Algeria in the early 1990s and then spread beyond its borders. The country s constitution prohibits foreign military intervention but analysts say its collaboration is essential because of its intelligence networks  intimate knowledge of regional militants.   Dacko, however, said there was no process as yet to formalize security cooperation between the G5 and the North Africa country. Algerian officials were not immediately available to comment. A source familiar with the Algerian government s thinking said it already had channels of cooperation with G5 military officials and questioned the need for a new force.   You have MINUSMA (the U.N. peacekeeping mission) in Mali ... so why another regional group to fight terror in the Sahel?  the source said. Algeria also sees the G5 as effectively being controlled by its former colonial master France, with which it fought a bitter independence war and has since regarded with suspicion.  Algeria perceives the G5 Sahel as an extension of French influence in a region in which Algeria has traditionally been dominant, and in which France has historically played an essentially destabilizing role,  Hannah Armstrong, an Algeria expert at the International Crisis Group, said. Algeria mediated talks leading to the 2015 peace deal in Mali but it is sometimes suspected of not doing all it could to prevent militants using its desert spaces as a rear base.  It is essential to find ways to partner (with Algeria),  said Soumeylou Boubeye Maiga, Mali s former intelligence chief.  As long as there is not a shared evaluation, you cannot imagine a common course of action.   West Africa's Sahel initiative: tmsnrt.rs/2m3ScBv ",1
15403,White House condemns missile attacks on Saudi by Yemen's Houthis,"BEIJING (Reuters) - The White House on Wednesday condemned missile attacks by Yemen s Houthi militias on Saudi Arabia, saying they threatened the region s security and undermined efforts to halt the conflict. Saudi Arabia said its air defense forces intercepted a ballistic missile fired from warring Yemen over the capital Riyadh on Saturday. The rocket was brought down near King Khaled Airport on the northern outskirts of the capital. Saudi Arabia s Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman said Iran s supply of rockets to militias in Yemen was an act of  direct military aggression  that could be an act of war.  Houthi missile attacks against Saudi Arabia, enabled by Iran s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, threaten regional security and undermine UN efforts to negotiate an end to the conflict,  the White House said in a statement as U.S. President Donald Trump began a visit to the Chinese capital.   These missile systems were not present in Yemen before the conflict, and we call upon the United Nations to conduct a thorough examination of evidence that the Iranian regime is perpetuating the war in Yemen to advance its regional ambitions,  the statement added.   It said the United States would continue working with other  like-minded  partners to respond to such attacks and expose what it called Iran s destabilizing activities in the region. Iran denied it was behind the missile launch. On Wednesday, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said missile attacks from Yemen were a reaction to what he called Saudi aggression. In reaction to the missile, the Saudi-led coalition closed all air, land and sea ports to the impoverished country. It also intensified air strikes on areas controlled by the Houthis including the capital Sanaa. The war has killed more than 10,000 people and triggered one of the worst man-made humanitarian disasters in recent history. The United Nations on Tuesday called on the coalition to re-open an aid lifeline into Yemen, saying food and medicine imports were vital for 7 million people facing famine. ",1
15404,Iran calls Houthi missile attack targeting Riyadh 'reaction' to Saudi aggression,"LONDON (Reuters) - Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said on Wednesday that missile attacks by Yemen s Houthis targeting Saudi Arabian capital Riyadh were a reaction to what he called Saudi aggression.   How should the Yemeni people react to bombardment of their country. So they are not allowed to use their own weapons? You stop the bombardment first and see if the Yemenis would not do the same,  Rouhani was quoted as saying by Tasnim news agency. Rouhani also said Saudi Arabia had made a  strategic mistake  by considering the United States and Israel as friends and Iran as an enemy. ",1
15405,China says will keep talking to Myanmar over stalled dam scheme,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China said on Wednesday it will continue to talk to Myanmar about a controversial stalled dam project, after Myanmar s new energy minister cast doubt over the scheme. Valued at $3.6 billion, the Myitsone dam project in the north of the former Burma has been a sticking point between the two countries since the previous military-backed government suspended work in 2011. Reuters reported in April that officials in China and Myanmar were discussing alternative options that would allow Myanmar to scrap the massive project amid environmental concerns. Big hydropower dams are not a priority in Myanmar s strategy to tackle chronic power shortages, Energy Minister Win Khaing told Reuters on Tuesday. Speaking in Beijing, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said China s position on the Myitsone dam had not changed, which was that China had always upheld deepening cooperation with Myanmar on a mutually beneficial basis.  The Myitsone hydropower station is a commercial cooperation project both sides have already agreed upon, and has already been through a complete approval process,  Hua told a daily news briefing.   We will continue to maintain communication with the Myanmar side and proactively and appropriately handle the problems or difficulties which arise during cooperation on the project, to allow relevant cooperation to continue to develop healthily and stably,  she added. The proposed dam, on the upper reaches of the Ayeyarwady river in Kachin state, would have sent most of its power across the border to China s Yunnan province, which now has an oversupply of electricity as it switches to less energy-intensive industries amid an economic slowdown. A government panel set up in August 2016 was still reviewing the dam, Myanmar s energy minister said, adding the government was in dialogue with the Chinese operator, State Power Investment Corp subsidiary Yunnan International Power Investment. ",1
15406,"Chinese fans prepare to welcome rich, powerful, 'free-spirit' Trump","BEIJING (Reuters) - He may be a divisive figure back home, but U.S. President Donald Trump will be landing in friendly territory when he arrives in Beijing on Wednesday, judging by Chinese social media. On platforms such as the Twitter-like Sina Weibo, Trump s Chinese supporters, who admire his business success and a free-wheeling style unconstrained by political correctness, are far more prominent than detractors. While no comprehensive survey has been done to assess the size and intensity of Trump s popularity in China, several pundits suggest he has broad and vocal support.  Chinese people are impressed that he is extremely rich, he loves things splendid and magnificent, and he loves to show off. Not every billionaire is like that,  said Yin Hao, who translates American news and comedy clips for his nearly one million followers on Weibo.     Yin said his translated Trump-related video clips sometimes attract thousands of comments, where some supporters engage in name-calling and invective in defending the president.  They will keep posting comments to defend Trump, mock his opponents under all news clips that involve Trump, and rebuke any comments that are not in favor of Trump,  Yin said. Chen Jibing, a Shanghai-based political commentator, said Trump s Chinese fan base is different than that for previous foreign leaders such as his predecessor, Barack Obama, and for British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, who enjoyed widespread but tepid support.  Chinese Trump fans are seriously and truly invested, and you had better not make light of offending them,  Chen wrote in a social media post to his millions of followers. While Trump encountered protests during his visits to Japan and South Korea on the first two legs of his 12-day Asian tour, such scenes are unlikely in China, which tightly controls public gatherings, with media and the internet subject to censorship. China s ambassador to the United States, Cui Tiankai, said Trump will receive a  state visit-plus  experience in Beijing. He is expected to go to the Forbidden City and participate in an inspection of Chinese troops, though China has released few other details. Trump s popularity in China largely comes from his disdain for political correctness and defiance of traditional liberal western views, which many Chinese consider elitist and unrealistic, Chen said. His criticism of the U.S. trade deficit with China, for example, is seen by many in the country as standard U.S. political talk, some pundits say.     In China, realists hold a deep-rooted belief that the rule of the jungle means the strong prey on the weak,  Chen said.  For them, the world is not split into right and wrong, good or evil, it is only success or failure, the powerful and the weak.   Factual errors or gaffes by Trump tend to be ignored by his Chinese fans or explained away as harmless mistakes made by a leader who writes his own rules. In Japan on Monday, Trump told Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe that the Japanese economy was not performing as well as the United States  and appeared to mistakenly say that Japan s economy was the world s second-largest. It is actually third, after China s. An editor at a major state publication told Reuters was inclined to be forgiving about Trump s remark to Abe:  He s a free spirit. No one can tell him what to do.    Many on Chinese social media see Trump as a figure of fun.  Rather than being a president, Trump is more like a comedian!  one Weibo user wrote. In a country where parents are traditionally judged by the success of their children, Trump scores extra points for his daughter Ivanka, a businesswoman and currently advisor to President Trump, and her Mandarin-speaking children. One Chinese state publication said that all five of Trump s children are a testament to his character.  You can tell what parents are like through their childrens  success. Trump s five children are all excellent, it means he is a very successful father,  the China Education Daily said on its social media account. Ivanka Trump is sometimes referred to as  goddess  on Chinese social media, where some were upset that the first daughter would not be accompanying her father to Beijing.  SAD! Ivanka is not coming to China,  said Jiang Xiaofeng, a journalist with Phoenix TV on Sina Weibo, appropriating one of Donald Trump s favorite Twitter exclamations.  ",1
15407,Turkey's Erdogan to visit Qatar on November 15,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey s President Tayyip Erdogan will travel next week to Qatar, which Ankara has supported in its dispute with powerful Gulf Arab neighbors, presidential sources said on Wednesday. They said Erdogan would visit Doha on Wednesday, following trips to Russia and Kuwait. Turkey has backed Qatar since Saudi Arabia, Egypt, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain, cut economic and diplomatic ties in July, accusing Doha of supporting terrorism, a charge it denies. Turkey has increased trade with Qatar since the start of the embargo and the two countries have held joint military exercises in the Gulf state, where Ankara has a military base. It has said it will deploy 3,000 troops at the base. ",1
15408,Philippines' Duterte to raise sea dispute with China at Asia-Pacific summit,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte on Wednesday said he planned to raise the issue of conflicting claims in the South China Sea at an Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) meeting in Vietnam, and ask China its real intentions. He added that it was time for Manila to clarify with Beijing if Southeast Asian countries were allowed to freely navigate the disputed strategic waterway through which about $3 trillion in trade passes every year.  So it s about time, either in the bilateral or in the plenary, I should be bringing this important matter to the surface,  Duterte told a news conference prior to his departure for Vietnam s central city of Danang, the site of the meeting. ",1
15409,Moscow has never supported complete embargo on North Korea: RIA cites deputy FM,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov said on Wednesday that Moscow has never supported the imposition of a complete embargo on North Korea, RIA news agency reported.  Ryabkov added that attempts by the United States to resolve all problems with sanctions were extremely alarming and that the crisis around North Korea would be addressed in President Vladimir Putin s meeting with U.S. counterpart Donald Trump. Ryabkov said there was no clarity when the meeting will take place, RIA reported. Russian officials have said Putin and Trump would meet at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum in Vietnam this week. ",1
15410,Lebanon's Hariri visits UAE as home crisis escalates,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s outgoing prime minister, Saad al-Hariri, made a brief visit to the United Arab Emirates from Saudi Arabia on Tuesday despite a deepening crisis back home and a rise in regional tensions triggered by his surprise resignation. Hariri announced his resignation on Saturday during a visit to his ally Saudi Arabia and has not yet returned to Lebanon. He said he believed there was an assassination plot against him and accused Iran, Saudi Arabia s arch-rival, and its Lebanese ally Hezbollah of sowing strife in the Arab world. His resignation has thrust Lebanon back into the frontline of the regional rivalry that pits a mostly Sunni bloc led by Saudi Arabia and allied Gulf monarchies against Shi ite Iran and its allies. Hariri s office said he had flown to Abu Dhabi on Tuesday and then returned to Riyadh, but it gave no reason for the trip. It also did not say when he would return home. Hariri s Future TV channel said he would also visit Bahrain but gave no reason. Hezbollah has accused Riyadh of forcing Hariri to resign. Riyadh and aides to the Lebanese leader, whose family made their fortune in the Saudi construction industry, have strongly denied reports that he has been detained or was forced to quit. On Monday Riyadh accused Lebanon of declaring war against it because of aggression by Hezbollah, dramatically escalating the crisis and threatening to destabilize Lebanon. On Tuesday Lebanese politicians and Hezbollah remained silent about the escalation in Saudi rhetoric after a series of consultations with President Michel Aoun, a Hezbollah ally.  A rocket fired from Yemen was intercepted on the outskirts of Riyadh hours after Hariri s resignation on Saturday. On Monday, Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir told CNN the rocket  was an Iranian missile launched by Hezbollah .          Iranian President Hassan Rouhani called Aoun on Tuesday to discuss developments, telling him that unity among the Lebanese people would ensure that external strife and regional problems could be overcome, Iran s state news agency IRNA reported.  Iran will do all it can to bolster the stability of Lebanon,  IRNA quoted Rouhani as saying. Hariri s resignation has triggered the collapse of a national unity government agreed last year in a political deal that united Lebanon s opposing sides. This had led to Lebanon s first budget since 2005 and to agreement on a new law for a parliamentary election, which could now get derailed. Aoun has said he will not accept Hariri s resignation until he returns to Lebanon to explain his thinking   a move widely seen as a stalling tactic. Hezbollah and its allies will struggle to form a government without Hariri or his blessing. The post of prime minister must be filled by a member of Lebanon s Sunni community, among which he is the most influential politician.  The pro-Hezbollah al-Akhbar daily reported on Tuesday that Hariri  was placed under house arrest hours after arriving in Riyadh last Friday , that a Saudi security team was supervising his movements and that he had only limited access to his phones. Fouad Siniora, a former prime minister and member of Hariri s Future Movement, said he had spoken to him on Monday and added that Hariri would return to Lebanon. The political crisis has alarmed investors. On Tuesday Lebanon s dollar bonds fell and the cost of insuring exposure to its debt reached its highest since late 2008, and Moody s ratings agency warned of damage to its credit rating. Five-year credit default swaps (CDS) for Lebanon LBGV5YUSAC=MG jumped 51 basis points from Monday s close to 588 bps, according to IHS Markit data. Lebanon s 2022 issue dollar bond LB055923779= fell 3.4 cents to 92 cents in the dollar, trading at its lowest ever level, Thomson Reuters data showed. The finance minister, central bank governor and head of the banking association all issued statements on Monday stressing Lebanon s financial and monetary stability. ",1
15411,EU affirms support for Lebanon stability,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The European Union on Wednesday said it reaffirmed support for Lebanon s stability and unity after Saad al-Hariri s resignation as prime minister on Saturday plunged the country into crisis. In a statement, EU ambassadors called on all sides  to pursue constructive dialogue  and to continue work to strengthen Lebanon s institutions and to prepare for parliamentary elections in early 2018 in adherence with the constitution. ",1
15412,Thailand's main party urges junta to end ban on political activity,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thailand s Puea Thai Party on Wednesday urged the ruling junta to end a ban on political activity since the 2014 coup, saying it feared a delay could signal that a general election promised for next year might be pushed back yet again. The rare statement from the party whose government was ousted in 2014 comes amid growing calls from groups of all political stripes to scrap the ban ahead of the November 2018 election the junta has promised.  The junta s continued ban on political activity could provide a channel or excuse to delay elections again, as has happened before many times,  it said after an announcement by Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha that the ban would stay. The junta had said it would consider lifting the ban, which had drawn condemnation from Western governments and the United Nations, following the Oct. 29 end of a funeral ceremony for King Bhumibol Adulyadej.  But after a cabinet meeting on Tuesday, Prayuth, who led the 2014 coup, said the ban would be retained because Thailand was not ready for political conflicts. Tension has festered since 2006, when a coup removed then prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra. Subsequent bouts of unrest included deadly street protests. Thailand is divided broadly between those backing Thaksin and his sister, former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra, whose government was removed in the 2014 coup, and the elite in the capital, Bangkok.  Thaksin is credited by some as being the first Thai prime minister to tap into the potential of the rural electorate. But his enemies accuse him of corruption, which he denies. Thaksin and Yingluck live abroad. Yingluck fled Thailand in August, ahead of a verdict in a negligence trial that eventually found her guilty and handed down a five-year jail term. Thaksin fled to avoid a 2008 jail term for corruption. Government spokesman Sansern Kaewkamnerd said the junta, formally known as the National Council for Peace and Order (NCPO), did not want to hold on to power.  The NCPO has no such thought to not return power to the people, but we have to wait until country is more peaceful first,  he told Reuters. Other political parties echoed Puea Thai s call.   Parties should at least be allowed to hold meetings to select new board members,  said Nipit Intharasombat, a deputy leader of the Puea Thai s rival Democrat Party.  The continued ban lets the military gain popularity before the election, academic Titipol Phakdeewanich told Reuters.  With the political ban in place, people only receive one-sided information, allowing the NCPO to build its credibility and discredit other parties,  said Titipol, the dean of political science at northeastern Ubon Ratchathani University. Although Prayuth cannot stand for election, a new military-backed constitution offers a route for him to be chosen as  outside prime minister . ",1
15413,China says will investigate if U.N. resolutions on North Korea contravened,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s foreign ministry on Wednesday said that China fully and strictly implements U.N. Security Council resolutions on North Korea and will investigate if there are activities that contravene resolutions. China upholds resolving the North Korean nuclear issue via talks, ministry spokeswomen Hua Chunying added, speaking at a regular news briefing in Beijing.  U.S. President Donald Trump will ask China to cut its financial links with North Korea and to abide by U.N. sanctions when meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping in Beijing, a senior White House official said on Wednesday. Trump arrived in Beijing on Wednesday afternoon from South Korea for a two-night stop in the Chinese capital as part of his marathon Asia tour. ",1
15414,Trump to ask China to cut financial links with North Korea: White House official,"BEIJING (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will ask China to cut its financial links with North Korea and to abide by U.N. sanctions when meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping in Beijing, a senior White House official said on Wednesday. Trump arrived in Beijing on Wednesday afternoon from South Korea for a two-night stop in the Chinese capital as part of his marathon Asia tour. The U.S. president was undecided on whether to declare North Korea a state sponsor of terrorism by the end of his trip, the official said, speaking to reporters on-board Air Force One. Trump believes any talks with the North would require reducing threats, ending provocations and movement toward denuclearization and that no deal can be achieved without denuclearisation, the official added. ",1
15415,Philippine ombudsman files criminal case against ex-president Aquino,"MANILA (Reuters) - The Philippines  anti-graft body filed criminal charges against former President Benigno Aquino on Wednesday for mishandling a botched anti-militant raid that resulted in the death of 44 police commandos in 2015. The police officers  deaths at the hands of an overwhelming number of rebel gunmen contributed to the stalling of peace efforts with Muslim separatists in the southern Philippines and was the biggest crisis of Aquino s 2010-2016 presidency. The Office of the Ombudsman said it had charged Aquino with usurpation of authority, as well as graft and corruption, following preliminary investigations. The agency said the former leader allowed a suspended police chief to be involved in the planning and execution of the January 2015 incident in Mamasapano in Maguindano province and kept the interior minister and police officer in charge out of the loop. Aquino s representative did not respond immediately to a request for comment.  Police Special Action Force commandos killed two al Qaeda-linked militants but were ambushed and outnumbered by militants during the raid. The incident caused national outrage and Aquino s approval and trust ratings fell to record lows. A bill put to Congress by the government and the separatist Moro Islamic Liberation Front to grant self-rule over the predominantly Muslim region of Mindanao island stalled, which many in the process blamed on the impact of the Mamasapano incident. The bill has since been reworked and is expected to be put to Congress again soon, with President Rodrigo Duterte determined to see it passed as a means to develop the country s most impoverished region and arrest the spread of radical sentiment and the influence of the Islamic State group. ",1
15416,Saudi reopens Lebanon front in struggle with Iran,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia has opened a new front in its regional proxy war with Iran, threatening Tehran s powerful ally Hezbollah and its home country Lebanon to try to regain the upper hand. With Iranian power winning out in Iraq and Syria, and Riyadh bogged down in a war with Iran-allied groups in Yemen, the new Saudi approach could bring lasting political and economic turmoil to a country where Tehran had appeared ascendant. The resignation on Saturday of the Saudi-allied Lebanese prime minister Saad al-Hariri, announced from Riyadh and blamed on Iran and Hezbollah, is seen by many as the first step in an unprecedented Saudi intervention in Lebanese politics.  The Saudis appear to have decided that the best way to confront Iran is to start in Lebanon,  a European diplomat said. Riyadh is blaming Hezbollah for the resignation of Lebanon s preeminent Sunni politician, accusing it of  hijacking  Lebanese politics. But Saudi Arabia is also widening blame to Lebanon as a whole, saying it too has declared war on the Kingdom. A Saudi minister has made the near impossible demand that Lebanese act against a group that is a major part of Lebanon s political fabric and far more powerful than the weak state, with a guerrilla army that out guns the national military.  Coinciding with a major anti-corruption purge of top Saudis, Hariri s shock announcement has given rise to suggestions from Hezbollah and others that his Saudi business interests had embroiled him in the probe and he was forced to resigning. Saudi Arabia and Hariri s allies deny that, and assertions that Hariri is under house arrest. They say his hand was forced by Hezbollah interventions in Arab countries in service of Iran.  Saudi Foreign Minister Adel Jubeir said Hezbollah had been  calling the shots  in the Hariri government, which included two Hezbollah ministers and was formed last year in a political deal that made Michel Aoun, a Hezbollah ally, head of state. Hezbollah and its allies will struggle to form a government without Hariri or his blessing, leaving Lebanon in a protracted crisis that could eventually stir Sunni-Shi ite tensions, though there is no sign of this yet as all sides urge calm.  Announcing his resignation, Hariri cited an assassination plot against him and slammed Iran and Hezbollah for sowing strife and trying to  kidnap  Lebanon away from the Arab world. The declaration came as a surprise even to Hariri s aides. It is not clear what comes next: Saudi-backed efforts to weaken Hezbollah in Lebanon failed badly a decade ago, ending with a bout of Sunni-Shi ite fighting on the streets of Beirut that only underlined Hezbollah s military dominance. The regional struggle moved elsewhere in recent years, notably neighboring Syria where years of Saudi investment in rebel groups fighting President Bashar al-Assad failed to withstand direct military intervention by Iran and Hezbollah.  In Iraq, Tehran-backed militias and Iranian commanders have often seemed as powerful as the U.S.-backed Iraqi military, most recently in an operation to retake Kirkuk from Kurdish forces. So emboldened was Iran that top Iranian official Ali Akbar Velayati trumpeted his regional alliance s success from Beirut last Friday, declaring victories in Iraq, Syria and Lebanon. His statement to the media after a meeting with Hariri was seen as a major provocation to regional Sunni powerhouse Saudi Arabia. Hariri left for Saudi Arabia immediately afterwards, cancelling previously scheduled engagements and catching even his closest advisors off guard the next day with a declaration first broadcast by Saudi-owned media. The regional standoff flared in the Gulf hours later, with Iran-allied groups firing a ballistic missile at Riyadh from Yemen. Saudi Arabia says it was launched by Hezbollah. Hezbollah has not responded to the accusation. Neither Hezbollah nor the Lebanese government responded on Tuesday to the Saudi accusation, voiced by Gulf affairs minister Thamer al-Sabhan, a top aide to Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, that both Lebanon and Hezbollah had declared war.  The Lebanese government will be dealt with as a government declaring war on Saudi Arabia, and all Lebanese must realize these dangers and work to resolve the issues before we reach the point of no return,  he said in an interview with Al-Arabiya TV.     Crown Prince Mohammed told Reuters last month the war in Yemen would continue to prevent the Iran-allied Houthi movement from becoming another Hezbollah at Saudi s border.  Hezbollah was established by Iran s Revolutionary Guards in 1982 to fight Israeli troops in Lebanon. Its last major war with Israel was in 2006, since when Hezbollah has grown stronger. While Sabhan vowed that Hezbollah would be forced back into  its caves  in southern Lebanon, any Saudi military action in Lebanon - such as air strikes - would come as a major surprise. Political paralysis and tension is however a big threat to an already stagnant economy, and could derail next year s parliamentary elections - Lebanon s first since 2009. Policymakers have scrambled to calm concern over the financial stability of the heavily indebted state. They say the Lebanese pound - pegged against the dollar at the same rate for 20 years - is stable.     Hariri was spearheading efforts to garner international aid to help Lebanon deal with the strain of hosting 1.5 million Syrian refugees, or a quarter of the population. Leaders on all sides say there should be no further escalation. Both Hezbollah and Hariri s Future Movement have worked to contain Sunni-Shi ite tensions during the war in neighboring Syria. Hezbollah leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah has called for calm and patience in the face of Hariri s resignation. Okab Sakr, a member of Hariri s Future Movement, noted that protests in solidarity with Hariri had been canceled to avoid trouble.     Sabhan, the Saudi minister, has called for  real sanctions  and alliances  to find a fundamental solution to this cancerous disease , saying Hezbollah should be disarmed and kept out of government. Hariri, who was thrust into politics by the 2005 assassination of his father, Rafik al-Hariri, led years of political struggle with Hezbollah in Lebanon. But his Saudi-backed  March 14  coalition failed to make any progress toward Hezbollah s disarmament as demanded by U.N. resolutions.     Echoing the Saudi position, the United States has also taken new measures targeting Hezbollah in recent weeks, as President Donald Trump takes a tougher stance toward Iran.  It has offered a bounty for two Hezbollah officials, and the House of Representatives has backed new sanctions targeting entities found to support it. ",1
15417,Saudi crown prince calls Iran supply of rockets 'military aggression',"DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia s crown prince said Iran s supply of rockets to militias in Yemen is an act of  direct military aggression  that could be an act of war, state media reported on Tuesday. Prince Mohammed bin Salman s comments were published after Saudi air defense forces intercepted a ballistic missile that Saudi Arabia said was fired toward Riyadh on Saturday by the Iran-allied Houthi militia, which controls large parts of neighboring Yemen.  Saudi-led forces, which back the internationally-recognized government, have been targeting the Houthis in a war which has killed more than 10,000 people and triggered a humanitarian disaster in one of the region s poorest countries. The supply of rockets to the Houthi movement could  constitute an act of war against the kingdom,  state news agency SPA on Tuesday quoted Prince Salman as saying in a call with British Foreign Minister Boris Johnson. Iran has denied it was behind the missile launch, rejecting the Saudi and U.S. statements condemning Tehran as  destructive and provocative  and  slanders . In reaction to the missile, the Saudi-led military coalition said on Monday it would close all air, land and sea ports to the Arabian Peninsula country. The United Nations on Tuesday called on the coalition to re-open an aid lifeline into Yemen, saying food and medicine imports were vital for 7 million people facing famine.  The situation is catastrophic in Yemen, it is the worst food crisis we are looking at today,  Jens Laerke of the U.N. Office for the Coordination for Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) told a briefing in Geneva. The missile launch was  most likely a war crime  Human Rights Watch said on Tuesday but also urged Saudi Arabia against restricting aid access to Yemen, where the United Nations estimates nearly 900,000 people are infected with cholera.  This unlawful attack is no justification for Saudi Arabia to exacerbate Yemen s humanitarian catastrophe by further restricting aid and access to the country,  it said. The coalition said aid workers and humanitarian supplies would continue to be able to access and exit Yemen despite the temporary closure of ports but the United Nations said it was not given approval for two scheduled humanitarian flights on Monday. The United Nations and international aid organizations have repeatedly criticized the coalition for blocking aid access, especially to northern Yemen, which is held by the Houthis. The Saudi-led coalition has been targeting the Houthis since they seized parts of Yemen in 2015, including the capital Sanaa, forcing President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi to flee and seek help from neighboring Saudi Arabia.  In an interview with CNN television on Monday, Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir accused the armed Lebanese Hezbollah group of firing the missile at Riyadh from Houthi-held territory.  With regards to the missile...that was launched on Saudi territory, it was an Iranian missile launched by Hezbollah from territory occupied by the Houthis in Yemen.  He said the missile was similar to one launched in July at Yanbu in Saudi Arabia and was manufactured in Iran, disassembled and smuggled into Yemen, then reassembled by the operatives of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards and Hezbollah,  then it was launched into Saudi Arabia.  ",1
15418,U.S. calls for U.N. action against Iran over Yemen missile,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United States accused Iran on Tuesday of supplying Yemen s Houthi rebels with a missile that was fired into Saudi Arabia in July and called for the United Nations to hold Tehran accountable for violating two U.N. Security Council resolutions.  U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said information released by Saudi Arabia showed the missile fired in July was an Iranian Qiam, which she described as  a type of weapon that had not been present in Yemen before the conflict.  Saudi-led forces, which back the government in neighboring Yemen, have been targeting the Iran-allied Houthis in a more than two-year war. Saudi Arabia s crown prince on Tuesday described Iran s supply of rockets to the Houthis as  direct military aggression  that could be an act of war. Haley said that by providing weapons to the Houthis, Iran s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corp s had violated two U.N. resolutions on Yemen and Iran. She said a missile shot down over Saudi Arabia on Saturday  may also be of Iranian origin.       We encourage the United Nations and international partners to take necessary action to hold the Iranian regime accountable for these violations,  Haley said. It was not immediately clear what action the United States was calling for.  Saudi U.N. Ambassador Abdallah Al-Mouallimi echoed Haley s call for U.N. action against Iran in a letter to the U.N. Security Council and Secretary-General Antonio Guterres later on Tuesday, seen by Reuters.  He said the missile fired on Saturday  may amount to a war crime  and that Saudi Arabia was  taking appropriate measures to respond to these terrorist acts.  Iran s U.N. Ambassador Gholamali Khoshroo also wrote to the Security Council and Guterres on Tuesday, rejecting the accusations by Saudi Arabia as  baseless and unfounded.   Iran calls for self-restraint and wisdom instead of provocation and threat that may bring further instability to this already volatile region,  Khoshroo wrote in the letter, seen by Reuters.  Under a U.N. resolution that enshrines the Iran nuclear deal with world powers, Tehran is prohibited from supplying, selling or transferring weapons outside the country unless approved in advance by the U.N. Security Council. A separate U.N. resolution on Yemen bans the supply of weapons to Houthi leader Abdul-Malik al-Houthi, two Houthi commanders, Yemen s former President Ali Abdullah Saleh, his son, and  those acting on their behalf or at their direction.  The United States could propose people or entities to be blacklisted by the Security Council s Yemen sanctions committee, a move that would need consensus approval by the 15-members.  Or it could put forward a new Security Council resolution to impose sanctions on Iran. To pass, a resolution needs nine votes in favor and no vetoes by the United States, Britain, France, China or Russia. ",1
15419,Fog stops Trump facing-off North Korea across DMZ,"SEOUL (Reuters) - After months of fiery rhetoric and rising tensions, U.S. President Donald Trump s secret attempt to personally face off with North Korea across the heavily fortified demilitarized zone (DMZ) on Wednesday was defeated by fog and mist. Helicopters carrying Trump and an entourage of staff, media, and security forces were turned back just minutes from the DMZ, thwarting a plan that had been in the works since before the president left on his trip through Asia.  He s actually pretty frustrated,  Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said of Trump. Often clad in photo-friendly bomber jackets, all U.S. presidents since Ronald Reagan have visited the DMZ except for George H.W. Bush, who toured as vice president. In April, U.S. Vice President Mike Pence visited the DMZ, also sporting a bomber jacket, so that the North Koreans could see  our resolve in my face . Trump s attempt for his own visit had been in the works for some time, despite previous denials from the White House, including late last month by a senior official who called visiting the DMZ  a little bit of a clich . Journalists accompanying Trump were summoned earlier than expected Wednesday morning.  This is where we re going,  Sanders said, holding up a piece of notepaper on which the letters  DMZ  were scrawled. Just after 7 a.m. (2200 GMT Tuesday) the motorcade left Trump s hotel in downtown Seoul, arriving 10 minutes later at Yongsan Garrison, a U.S. military base. Helicopters carrying Trump and his entourage took off from a sports field on the base, camouflage-clad men seated at the back of the aircraft. Weaving through the dense fog that shrouded Seoul s skyscrapers, the helicopters were only minutes away from landing at the DMZ when they turned back to the base.  There wasn t enough visibility to land,  Sanders said.  It would have been really dangerous, and our guys pulled back.   The trip was finalized during bilateral meetings between Trump and South Korea President Moon Jae-in on Tuesday, officials said. When Trump told Moon he was interested in visiting the DMZ, the South Korean president not only gave his blessing, but said he would meet Trump there.  It would be good for you to go. If you go, I will go with you,  said Moon, quoted by a presidential Blue House official. Moon waited about 30 minutes for Trump at the DMZ on Wednesday, having driven part of the way to the fortified border by road, an option not open to Trump because of security concerns. As he waited for a second chance back at Yongsan, Trump sat in his limousine, working on a draft of his speech to be given at South Korea s National Assembly later that day   a speech which saw Trump return to his bellicose attack of North Korea and its leader Kim Jong Un.  The world cannot tolerate the menace of a rogue regime that threatens it with nuclear devastation,  Trump later declared in his speech. But as he sat in his car there was to be no second chance to look across the DMZ to North Korea, as the fog, mixed with yellow dust blown in from China, lingered late into the morning. On Wednesday, before news of the aborted trip broke, an editorial in China Daily, a state-run English-language newspaper, praised Trump s previously announced decision not to visit and North Korea s restraint in not carrying out further missile or nuclear tests.  The restraint both Washington and Pyongyang have demonstrated so far...is a hopeful sign that both prefer to find a peaceful solution to their predicaments,  the editorial said. ",1
15420,Trump to urge all nations to isolate North Korea's 'brutal regime' in South Korea speech,"SEOUL (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will urge all countries to join forces to isolate  the brutal regime of North Korea  on Wednesday, saying the world cannot tolerate  the menace of a rogue regime  that threatens it with nuclear devastation.  Today, I hope I speak not only for our countries, but for ALL civilized nations, when I say to the North: Do not underestimate us. AND DO NOT TRY US.,  according to excerpts of a speech Trump is set to deliver to South Korea s parliament.  We will not allow American cities to be threatened with destruction. We will not be intimidated,  according to the excerpts.  All responsible nations must join forces to isolate the brutal regime of North Korea - to deny it any form of support, supply, or acceptance.  ",1
15421,Chinese media upbeat on U.S. ties ahead of Trump visit,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China and the United States have common interests but the relationship needs careful handling, Chinese state-run media said on Wednesday ahead of U.S. President Donald Trump s visit to Beijing. North Korea and trade are expected to dominate Trump s trip, with the U.S. leader likely to push Chinese President Xi Jinping to do more to rein in Pyongyang s nuclear and missile programs and address China s large trade surplus with the United States. The ruling Communist Party s official People s Daily said in a commentary that as China becomes strong, it won t repeat  old fashioned zero-sum thinking  in handling ties, but will work with the United States to construct a cooperative and mutually profitable relationship with no conflict.  In realizing the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula, and protecting peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula, China and the United States have common interests,  it said.  The two sides should respect one another s interests, maintain close communication and consultation, and make unremitting efforts to promote a thorough resolution of the Korean Peninsula nuclear issue.  Trump heads to China later on Wednesday after visiting Japan and South Korea in the first legs of his marathon Asian tour. Trump s attempt to make a surprise visit to the heavily fortified border separating North Korea and South Korea was aborted on Wednesday after dense fog prevented his helicopter from landing at the doorstep of the North Korean nuclear standoff. The China Daily, in an editorial which preceded the announcement of the abortive Trump trip to the border, said Trump not going to the Demilitarised Zone (DMZ) and North Korea not recently carrying out any nuclear or missile tests was a  hopeful sign that both prefer to find a peaceful solution to their predicaments .  China has promised a  state visit plus  for Trump, and while having not released any details, Beijing is attaching great importance to the visit. Trump is expected to go to the Forbidden City, possibly guided by Xi.  Such hospitality is rarely seen in modern China,  influential tabloid the Global Times, published by the People s Daily, said in its editorial.   Beijing s enthusiasm reflects the most positive part of the attitude that the diversified world holds toward the U.S., and the realistic international outlook of the rising China.      ",1
15422,Trump warns 'rogue regime' North Korea of grave danger,"BEIJING (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump arrived in China on Wednesday seeking help to rein in North Korea, telling the reclusive state s leader he was putting his country in grave danger by developing nuclear weapons. Trump used some of his toughest language yet against North Korea in a wide-ranging address in Seoul that lodged specific accusations of chilling human rights abuses. He called on countries around the world to isolate Pyongyang by denying it  any form of support, supply or acceptance.   Do not underestimate us and do not try us,  Trump told North Korea as he wrapped up a visit to South Korea with a speech to the National Assembly before heading to Beijing, where he was making his first official visit. Trump painted a dystopian picture of the reclusive North, saying people were suffering in  gulags  and some bribed government officials to work as  slaves  overseas rather than live under the government at home. He offered no evidence to support those accusations. Trump s return to harsh, uncompromising language came a day after he appeared to dial back the bellicose rhetoric that had fueled fears across east Asia of the risk of military conflict. On Tuesday, Trump had even offered a diplomatic opening to Pyongyang to  make a deal.  He went mostly on the attack in Wednesday s speech but did promise a  path to a much better future  if North Korea stopped developing ballistic missiles and agreed to  complete, verifiable and total denuclearization    something Pyongyang has vowed never to do.  We will not allow American cities to be threatened with destruction. We will not be intimidated,  he told South Korean lawmakers.  And we will not let the worst atrocities in history be repeated here, on this ground we fought and died to secure.  The North defends its nuclear weapons and missile programs as a necessary defense against what it says are U.S. plans to invade. The United States, which has 28,500 troops in South Korea, a legacy of the 1950-53 Korean war, denies any such intention.      The world cannot tolerate the menace of a rogue regime that threatens it with nuclear devastation,  Trump said, speaking as three U.S. aircraft carrier groups sailed to the Western Pacific for exercises - a rare show of such U.S. naval force in the region.  STATE VISIT-PLUS  In Beijing, Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping resumed their  bromance  struck in April at Trump s Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida, making small talk as they toured the Forbidden City - which was shut down to tourists - with their wives before taking in a Chinese opera performance. While the sprawling palace complex in the political and cultural heart of Beijing is a regular stop for visiting dignitaries, it is rare for a Chinese leader to act as a personal escort, confirmation of the  state visit-plus  treatment that China had promised for Trump.   Trump has threatened action over China s wide trade surplus with the United States and called on Beijing to do more to rein in ally and neighbor North Korea, but has expressed admiration for Xi and held off on imposing trade measures. During his two-day visit, Trump will ask China to abide by U.N. resolutions and cut financial links with North Korea, a senior White House official said on the plane from Seoul. He also plans to discuss with Xi the long-contentious trade imbalance, U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said at a ceremony with U.S. business leaders where $9 billion worth of deals were signed. The White House expects to announce deals in China this week worth more than $250 billion, Bloomberg reported, citing an administration official. Trump believes any talks with North Korea would require it to reduce threats, end provocations and move toward denuclearization, and that no deal can be achieved without denuclearization, the official added. Trump and Xi were scheduled to hold formal talks on Thursday. Before leaving for Beijing, Trump cited China as one of the countries that must fully enforce international sanctions against Pyongyang and downgrade diplomatic and commercial ties.  To those nations that choose to ignore this threat or, worse still, to enable it, the weight of this crisis is on your conscience,  he said. While Trump will try to convince Xi to squeeze North Korea further with steps such as limits on oil exports and financial transactions, it is not clear if Xi, who has just consolidated his power at a Communist Party congress, will agree to do more. China has repeatedly said its leverage over Pyongyang is exaggerated by the West and that it is already doing all it can to enforce sanctions. The Chinese Foreign Ministry said that China fully and strictly implements U.N. Security Council resolutions on North Korea, but will investigate if there have been any contraventions. During his speech in Seoul, Trump directed his words at North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.  The weapons that you are acquiring are not making you safer, they are putting your regime in grave danger,  he said.  Every step you take down this dark path increases the peril you face.  However Trump, whose strategy has stressed sanctions and military pressure instead of diplomacy, did not spell out any new approach. North Korea has made clear it has little interest in negotiations at least until it develops a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland, something U.S. intelligence officials say it may be just months away from achieving.  North Korea is a country ruled by a cult,  Trump said in a speech that was interrupted several times by applause and ended with a standing ovation.  He stopped short of repeating the derisive nickname  little Rocket Man  that he has used to describe the young North Korean leader. Kim, for his part, has called Trump  mentally deranged.  The speech came after Trump s attempt to make an unannounced visit to the heavily fortified border separating North and South Korea was aborted when dense fog prevented his helicopter from landing, officials said. A visit to the DMZ, despite his aides  earlier insistence he had no plans to go there, would have had the potential to further inflame tensions with North Korea. Arriving in Beijing on Wednesday, Trump and his wife Melania descended from a red-carpeted staircase rolled up to the main door of Air Force One. That was in contrast to a 2016 visit to China by his predecessor, Barack Obama, who was forced to exit his plane from a lower door in what was seen as a snub. And while in China, Trump will not be deterred from using Twitter, his favored form of communication, despite its being banned there, according to an administration official.  The president will tweet whatever he wants,  the official told reporters on Air Force One.  I m sure we ve got the gear aboard this airplane to make it happen.  ",1
15423,South Korea's Moon first suggested Trump visit DMZ: Blue House official,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean President Moon Jae-in had initially suggested on Tuesday that U.S. President Donald Trump make a visit to the demilitarized zone (DMZ) between North and South Korea, a Blue House official told reporters on Wednesday. Trump had told Moon he had been considering such a trip, and Moon said he would accompany Trump should the U.S. president decide to visit the DMZ, the official said. The U.S. president aborted a surprise visit to the DMZ on Wednesday morning due to fog after two attempts. ",1
15424,Catalan secessionist parties fail to agree on unity ticket for December vote,"MADRID (Reuters) - Catalan secessionist parties on Tuesday failed to agree on a united ticket to contest a December snap regional election, making it more difficult to rule the region after the vote and press ahead with their collective bid to split from Spain. Catalonia s secessionist push has plunged Spain into its worst political crisis in four decades, triggered a business exodus, forced Madrid to cut its economic forecast and reopened old wounds from Spain s civil war in the 1930s. Pro-independence groups have called for a general strike in the restive region on Wednesday. Catalan political parties had until midnight on Tuesday to register coalitions ahead of the Dec. 21 vote, but the two main forces which formed an alliance to rule the region for the last two years did not manage to agree on a new pact in time. While they could still find an agreement after the vote, political analysts say the lack of a deal on a joint campaign may also trigger a leadership fight at the top of the movement. This is because center-right PdeCat (Catalan Democratic Party) of sacked Catalan president Carles Puigdemont is expected to be overtaken by leftist Esquerra Republicana de Catalunya (ERC) of former regional vice president Oriol Junqueras. Puigdemont and Junqueras are the two main leaders behind the current secession bid that last month led to a unilateral declaration of independence which Spain thwarted by imposing direct rule on the region. Junqueras is currently in custody pending a potential trial on charges of sedition, rebellion and misuse of public funds. Puigdemont, who faces the same charges, is currently in self-imposed exile in Belgium and has said he would oppose extradition. An opinion poll released on Sunday by Barcelona-based newspaper La Vanguardia showed Junqueras  ERC could garner between 45 and 46 seats in the 135-strong regional assembly while Puigdemont s PdeCat would win between 14 and 15 seats. In order to reach the 68-seat threshold for a majority, they would then have to form a parliamentary alliance with anti-capitalist CUP, which is expected to get seven or eight seats. Such an alliance previously existed between 2015 and 2017. By standing together, ERC and PdeCat could have held more seats, separate polls and projections based on the results of the 2015 regional election showed. According to a comprehensive official survey released last week, a coalition between ERC and PdeCat would have won between 60 and 63 seats, while CUP would have won eight or nine seats under such a scenario, virtually guaranteeing a secessionist majority.  It has been impossible to form a joint list and we will therefore have to create a joint front from various candidacies,  said ERC lawmaker Sergi Sabria in a statement. Sabria said on Monday that each party could stand under its own brand though parts of their manifestos relating to independence would likely be jointly agreed upon. ",1
15425,Two children killed as car crashes into Australian classroom,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - A car crashed into a Sydney school classroom on Tuesday, killing two eight-year-old boys and seriously injuring three children, Australian police said. Police believe it was an accident, not a deliberate attack. A sports utility vehicle smashed through the wooden wall of the school in Sydney s west, where 24 primary-age children were in class with their teacher, police said in a statement. Three girls, two aged eight and another aged nine, were in a serious or stable condition in hospital. Another 17 children and their teacher were treated for minor injuries. Police said the driver, a 52-year-old woman who was not hurt, was taken to hospital for blood and urine tests and later charged with two counts of dangerous driving. TV images showed the car punched through the wall and stop completely inside the classroom, which was adorned with children s drawings and pictures.  Obviously it was a scene of carnage,  New South Wales state Ambulance Superintendent Stephanie Radnidge told reporters outside the school. New South Wales Police Acting Assistant Commissioner Stuart Smith said police were  not looking at this as an intentional act, it is a crash investigation .  The driver was granted bail to appear in court on Nov. 29, according to a police statement. ",1
15426,"At U.N., Russia slams inquiry into toxic gas attacks in Syria","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Russia rejected on Tuesday a report by an international inquiry blaming the Syrian government for a deadly toxic gas attack, casting doubt on whether the U.N. Security Council can agree to extend the investigation s mandate before it expires next week. Russia vetoed an initial U.S. bid to renew the joint  inquiry by the U.N. and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) on Oct. 24, saying it wanted to wait for the release of the investigation s report two days later. It has since proposed its own rival draft resolution, which deputy Russian U.N. Ambassador Vladimir Safronkov said on Tuesday aimed to enhance the effectiveness of the inquiry and correct  errors and systemic problems.   Without a comprehensive change it will become a tool to settle accounts with the Syrian authorities,  Safronkov told the 15-member Security Council on Tuesday during a meeting on the report by the U.N./OPCW Joint Investigative Mechanism (JIM). The report found the Syrian government was responsible for an April 4 attack using the banned nerve agent sarin in the opposition-held town of Khan Sheikhoun, killing dozens of people. The Syrian government has denied using chemical weapons. The chemical weapons attack prompted a U.S. missile strike just days later against a Syrian air base.  Russia is trying to shoot the messenger to cover up for the crimes of the Syrian regime,  Deputy British U.N. Ambassador Jonathan Allen told the Security Council. U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said there could be no higher priority for the Security Council than renewing the JIM mandate. Diplomats said the United States had amended its draft resolution in a bid to win Russian support.  Anyone who prevents us from achieving this goal is aiding and abetting those who have been using chemical weapons,  Haley said.  They are helping to ensure, not just that more women and children will die, but that those women and children will die in one of the cruelest, most painful ways possible.  A resolution must get nine votes in favor and no vetoes by Russia, China, the United States, Britain and France to pass. Allen told reporters the Russian draft resolution  has very little if any support in the council and no realistic prospects of success.  The JIM had previously found that Syrian government forces were responsible for three chlorine gas attacks in 2014 and 2015 and that Islamic State militants used mustard gas. Syria agreed to destroy its chemical weapons in 2013 under a deal brokered by Russia and the United States. ",1
15427,"Assad adviser says Turkish, U.S. forces 'illegal invaders' in Syria","BEIRUT (Reuters) - U.S. and Turkish troops are  illegal invader  forces on Syrian territory and Syria will  deal with  them, a top adviser to President Bashar al-Assad said on Tuesday. Bouthaina Shaaban also said in a television interview that Damascus would not give up on the northern city of Raqqa, which was liberated from Islamic State last month by the U.S.-backed, Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF).  Turkey today is a colonizer country, its forces on our soil are illegal, just as the American forces are on our soil  illegally,  she told Lebanese channel al-Mayadeen.  We will deal with this issue as we deal with any illegal invader force on our lands,  she said, without elaborating. Assad s forces, helped by Russian air power and Iran-backed militias, have managed to reestablish control over most of Syria over the past two years. The United States and Turkey are backing various rebel groups opposed to both Assad and to Islamic State. Turkey has started setting up observation points in Idlib province in northwest Syria under a deal with Assad s allies, Russia and Iran. The U.S.-led coalition battling Islamic State in Syria has repeatedly said it does not seek to fight Assad s forces, though Washington and Ankara both want the president to step down. The SDF has said Raqqa will be part of a decentralized  federal Syria  and hopes for a new phase of negotiations that will shore up Kurdish autonomy in northern Syria, but last Friday a senior Iranian official said Syrian government forces would advance soon to take the city.  Everything is up to the Syrians and to discussions between Syrians, and there cannot be discussion on the division or cutting up of a part of the country or on so-called federalism,  Shaaban said. She added that what happened in Iraqi Kurdistan  should be a lesson  to the SDF, referring to Iraq s Kurdish leaders who suffered a major blow when the central government in Baghdad - backed by Iran and Turkey - retaliated against them for holding an independence referendum last month. Shaaban also said comments by the Syrian foreign minister in September, when he said Damascus was open to negotiations with the Kurds over their demand for autonomy within Syria s borders, had been misinterpreted.  I don t think any government can discuss with any group when it comes to the topic of the country s unity,  she said. Earlier on Tuesday, Assad said the army and its allies would keep fighting in Syria after it has driven Islamic State militants from their last significant stronghold in the country, in Deir al-Zor province. He also indicated that he might take the war to the SDF, which controls more than a quarter of Syria, by saying the war must target those who seek to  divide and weaken states . ",1
15428,Liberia's president says 'our democracy is under assault',"MONROVIA (Reuters) - Liberia s President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf on Tuesday said democracy in the West African country was being threatened, a day after the Supreme Court put a presidential runoff on hold over fraud allegations. Former footballer George Weah was initially set to face Vice-President Joseph Boakai on Tuesday to determine who will replace the term-limited Nobel Peace Prize laureate.  A successful vote would be Liberia s first democratic transfer of power in more than seven decades. But on Monday, the Supreme Court ordered the elections commission to fully examine allegations levelled by Charles Brumskine, who finished third in last month s first round poll. The ruling could push back the run-off date by weeks or even result in the first round being re-run.  Democracy is only as strong as its weakest link and at these moments, our democracy is under assault. Our country s reputation is under assault, our economy is under stress,  Johnson Sirleaf said in a radio address. The National Elections Commission (NEC) has said the first round of voting was largely fair, and international observers said they saw no major problems with the poll. However Brumskine s complaint cites gross irregularities and accuses NEC officials of fraud, an allegation the body denies. A growing chorus of parties have voiced support for Brumskine s case, including Boakai s ruling Unity Party, which last week accused Johnson Sirleaf, one of its own members, of trying to influence the vote. She rejected the accusation.  Allegations, hate speech, inciteful language has been defining what should be a proud moment in our history,  she said on Tuesday.  We politicians must do better ... Historians will look back at this time and judge us by how we conduct ourselves at this critical moment in time.  Boakai, Brumskine and two other first-round candidates - Alexander Cummings and Benoni Urey - held a meeting in the capital Monrovia on Tuesday. While they called upon their supporters to remain calm and pledged to respect the law, they also vowed to fight to ensure the credibility of the vote.  We thought this would be peaceful, transparent, and meet the standard that it would bring dignity to our country,  Boakai said afterward.  Unfortunately the process was peaceful but not transparent, not credible and didn t represent the will of the Liberian people.  ",1
15429,U.S. lawmakers aim to comply with Iran nuclear deal: EU,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. lawmakers signaled they plan to ensure the United States complies with the 2015 Iran nuclear deal despite U.S. President Donald Trump s misgivings about the pact, the European Union s foreign policy chief said on Tuesday.  I got clear indications that the intention is to keep the United States compliant with the agreement,  the EU s Federica Mogherini said at a press conference on a visit to Washington. Trump on Oct. 13 dealt a blow to the pact by refusing to certify that Tehran was complying with the accord even though international inspectors said it was. Under the deal Iran agreed to curb its nuclear program in return for relief from economic sanctions. Trump s decision has thrown into doubt the future of the pact negotiated by Iran, the EU and six major powers - Britain, China, France, Germany, Russia and the United States. Congress has until mid-December to decide whether to reimpose sanctions lifted under the deal, something few diplomats expect. Mogherini sought to avoid publicly becoming embroiled in the U.S. congressional debate about what kind of legislation, if any, to pass even as she stressed the EU s desire to see the United States stick with the nuclear agreement.  I made clear any outcome of any process ... has to be, at the end of the day, compliant with the deal,  Mogherini said. She said she had voiced her readiness to help lawmakers  find solutions that are compatible  with U.S. compliance under the agreement. Separately, the head of the U.N. nuclear watchdog told reporters it would be  a pity  if Iran were to cease to provisionally implement the Additional Protocol, which gives the agency more tools to verify a country s nuclear compliance.  The Additional Protocol is the most ... important tool for us in the verification. So if it happens, it s a pity,  said     International Atomic Energy Agency Director General Yukiya Amano. Under the 2015 deal, Iran agreed to provisionally implement the Additional Protocol. Amano told reporters that if Iran were to discontinue the protocol, the IAEA would not be able to get access to undeclared potential nuclear sites. Amano said that on a visit to Iran last month, Iranian officials had assured him they would continue implementing the nuclear deal and would not be the first to abandon it. The Additional Protocol was created in the 1990s as a way to smoke out covert, arms-related activities after the discovery of Iraq s secret nuclear weapons program and revelations that North Korea and Romania had separated plutonium. Asked if the Iranians had given him any sign that they might abandon the Additional Protocol, Amano replied:  They don t say what will happen, but anything can happen. That is my sense.  ",1
15430,EU eyes tough Brexit transition terms,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - EU diplomats will start sketching out a Brexit transition offer on Wednesday that would probably let Britain stay in the single market for about two years after it leaves the bloc in March 2019, EU officials said. But some officials and diplomats involved in preparing for the first  orientation debate  among envoys from the other 27 EU states warned London should not assume it can clinch an initial deal next month to open talks on post-Brexit relations. Some governments see benefits in making Britain wait for it. A paper prepared for the discussion, seen by Reuters, showed the envoys would discuss the  scope  and  duration  of a transition, including how far Britain could remain in the single market - with all its obligations - and in other EU programs such as agriculture and fisheries schemes, the nuclear pact Euratom and security and defense arrangements. They would also debate how the transition would affect EU agreements with other states, such as trade, fisheries and aviation treaties. Several officials who spoke to Reuters said Britain would have to abide by all EU laws in the transition period, even if they are changed during that period, but would have no influence over them.   Anything else would be too complicated,  a second official said. Two others expressed the same view.      The EU view on the transition period and the future will in a way be a moment of truth, exposing all the lies of those who campaigned for Brexit saying that Britain will be able to have the cake and eat it,  a third official said. Wednesday s discussions will also seek to gather views on the trade relationship with London that is to follow a transition, which may finish in December 2020, at the end of the current seven-year EU budget period.  EU leaders told Prime Minister Theresa May last month they were not ready to negotiate post-Brexit arrangements until London offered more concessions on its  divorce  terms. But they held out the prospect of opening such talks at a summit in mid-December and ordered their officials to start preparing among the 27 for a move to this new phase of talks.  British Brexit Minister David Davis is expected in Brussels on Friday for the first negotiations since the mid-October summit with May. But the anticipated brief encounter with EU Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier is not expected to produce a breakthrough on how much Britain will pay the EU on leaving. Diplomats and officials said the continued slow pace of the divorce talks was increasing the possibility that EU leaders would again refuse next month to open trade talks. They said some may already be considering that as a useful tactic against Britain, which is anxious to prevent businesses relocating investment.  Some believe that the worse it gets for the British, the better for us... that maybe we could delay it all until for instance March, increasing the uncertainty and triggering the contingency plans in the corporate sector,  the first EU official said.   That would be ruthless and risky, but people have different views on what is risky.  An EU diplomat involved in negotiations said he expected envoys also to discuss how to handle a possible failure next month to open the next phase of talks if May refuses to meet EU demands.  What do we do if they (the British) don t move?  he said. Some continental negotiators believe British anxiety about businesses starting to shift investments in the new year if there is no transition deal could be to Brussels  advantage. Officials said Britain s full membership in the single market, even during a transition, is not a given.  There is no up-front agreement on that. It is part of a bigger package. For instance it is not feasible to expect they would be in the single market ... but not pay into the EU budget,  one said.     There will be one or two more meetings of EU envoys before they expect to agree what they might offer Britain in terms of a transition period, officials said. The results of these discussions will not be presented to the British, however, until leaders have agreed to open a new phase of talks. ",1
15431,Assad says Syria war does not end in Deir al-Zor,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syria s army and its allies will keep fighting in Syria after the battle ends in Deir al-Zor province, where Islamic State has its last significant stronghold, President Bashar al-Assad said on Tuesday. He also indicated that he might take the war to the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), which controls more than a quarter of Syria, by saying the war targeted those who seek to  divide and weaken states .  His comments came after a meeting with Ali Akbar Velayati, the foreign policy adviser to Iran s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.   The victories against terrorist organizations, starting in Aleppo and not ending in Deir al-Zor, formed a critical strike that foiled partition projects and terrorist goals,  Assad s office quoted him as saying. Assad regards all the groups fighting against the Syrian state as terrorist groups. The Syrian army, with Russian air power and Iran-backed militias, is waging an offensive against Islamic State in the eastern Deir al-Zor province, mostly on the west banks of the Euphrates River. The SDF, an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias, is also battling IS militants in Deir al-Zor. Backed by U.S.-led air strikes and special forces, the SDF has focused on territory east of the river, which bisects the oil-rich province. Velayati on Friday said Syrian army forces would soon advance to take Raqqa city from the SDF and accused the United States of seeking to divide Syria by stationing its forces east of the Euphrates.  We will witness in the near future the advance of government and popular forces in Syria and east of the Euphrates, and the liberation of Raqqa city,  he said in televised comments on a visit to Beirut. Turkey also supports rebel groups in a pocket in northern Syria, wedged between Kurdish-controlled areas. Last month, its army began setting up observation points in Idlib province in northwest Syria under a deal with Russia and Iran. Assad said in his meeting with Velayati that the battle would last  until the recovery of security and stability to all Syrian lands , his office said. ",1
15432,Congo opposition rejects new timetable for polls to replace Kabila,"KINSHASA (Reuters) - Democratic Republic of Congo s main opposition parties have rejected a new date for elections announced at the weekend to replace President Joseph Kabila, saying it violates the law and a political deal agreed with the government. Originally scheduled for late 2016, the polls have been repeatedly delayed. Following several rounds of deadly protests, Kabila s camp and his opponents signed an accord last December agreeing to hold the election before the end of this year. On Sunday, Congo s CENI elections commission announced that the election, which term limits currently bar Kabila from taking part in, will be held on Dec. 23, 2018 with the winner to be sworn in on Jan. 13, 2019.  The calendar presented by the CENI violates the Constitution, the Dec. 31, 2016 accord and electoral law,  read a statement from opposition leader Felix Tshisekedi s Rassemblement coalition.  The document was also agreed to by the MLC and UNC opposition parties. Dozens died in protests against Kabila s refusal to step down at the end of his constitutional mandate last December. Unrest sparked by the uncertainty surrounding the polls has raised fears Congo could witness a repeat of the kind of violence that killed millions around the turn of the last century, mostly from hunger and disease.  After the CENI said last month that the vote could only take place in April 2019 at the earliest, the opposition warned that the population would  take matters into its own hands .  The opposition leaders call upon all the Congolese people to be vigilant and mobilized in the aim of freeing up the electoral process by Dec. 31, 2017,  Tuesday s Rassemblement statement said. It nonetheless went on to state that the coalition believed it was possible to hold the vote by June 30 next year at the latest. The CENI and government officials blame poll delays on problems registering millions of voters across the vast Central African nation. The opposition accuses Kabila of manipulating the process to cling to power. ",1
15433,Saudi mass arrests jolt markets but many see overdue swoop on corruption,"RIYADH (Reuters) - All major Gulf stock markets slid on Tuesday on jitters about Saudi Arabia s sweeping anti-graft purge, a campaign seen by critics as a populist power grab but by ordinary Saudis as an overdue attack on the sleaze of a moneyed ultra-elite. U.S. President Donald Trump endorsed the crackdown, saying some of those arrested have been  milking  Saudi Arabia for years, but some Western officials expressed unease about the possible reaction in Riyadh s opaque tribal and royal politics. Authorities detained dozens of top Saudis including billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal in a move widely seen as an attempt by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman to neuter any opposition to his lightening ascent to the pinnacle of power. Admirers see it as an assault on the endemic theft of public funds in the world s top oil exporter, an absolute monarchy where the state and the ruling family are intertwined.  Corruption should have been fought a long time ago, because it s corruption that delays society s development,  Riyadh resident Hussein al-Dosari told Reuters.  God willing, everything that happened ... is only the beginning of what is planned,  said Faisal bin Ali, adding he wanted to see  correcting mistakes, correcting ministries and correcting any injustices against the general population.  But some analysts see the arrests as the latest in a string of moves shifting power from a consensus-based system dispersing authority among the ruling Al Saud to a governing structure centered around 32-year-old Prince Mohammed himself. Investors worry that his campaign against corruption - involving the arrests of the kingdom s most internationally known businessmen - could see the ownership of businesses and assets become vulnerable to unpredictable policy shifts. Saudi banks have frozen more than 1,200 accounts belonging to individuals and companies in the kingdom and the number keeps rising, bankers and lawyers said. The authorities sought to reassure the business community late on Tuesday, with the central bank saying it was freezing suspects  personal bank accounts at the request of the attorney general but not suspending operations of their companies.  In other words, corporate businesses remain unaffected. It is business as usual for both banks and corporates,  the bank said in a statement, adding there were no restrictions on money transfers through proper banking channels. A separate statement said Prince Mohammed had directed a powerful ministerial committee, the Council for Economic Affairs and Development, to ensure that national and multinational companies, including those wholly or partly owned by individuals under investigation, were not disrupted.  The Council recognized the importance of these companies for the national economy, and the importance of ensuring that investors could operate with confidence in Saudi Arabia,  the state news agency SPA said. In Washington, Heather Nauert, spokeswoman for the U.S. State Department, said it had urged Saudi Arabia to undertake any prosecutions of corruption suspects in a  fair and transparent  manner. She said the United States had received assurances from the Saudi government that it would do so. But another U.S. official later told reporters she had misspoken and that they had no such assurances that they could discuss in public. The Saudi stock index .TASI sank 0.7 percent in heavy trade, led by shares in companies linked to people detained in the investigation.  The market, which was down 3.1 percent at one stage, would have finished much lower without apparent buying by government-linked funds seeking to prevent a panic, fund managers said. A mass pull-out of foreign funds was not apparent. Among the companies, Prince Alwaleed s Kingdom Holding 4280.SE plunged by its 10 percent daily limit, bringing its losses in the three days since the investigation was announced to 21 percent. The fall has wiped about $2 billion off his fortune, previously estimated by Forbes magazine at $17 billion. In Dubai, where Saudis have been significant investors, the index .DFMGI slipped 1.8 percent. The index in Abu Dhabi .ADI, less exposed to Saudi money, fell only 0.4 percent. But Kuwait continued to slide, its index .KWSE losing 2.8 percent.  The show of investor nerves coincided with sharply heightened strains between Riyadh and Tehran, reflected in a  fresh denunciation of adversary Iran by Prince Mohammed over its role in Yemen, and by continuing mutual acrimony over political turmoil in Lebanon, another cockpit of Iranian-Saudi rivalry. Displaying an apparently undimmed taste for navigating several challenges simultaneously, Prince Mohammed said Iran s supply of rockets to militias in Yemen is an act of  direct military aggression  that could be an act of war.  He was speaking in a phone call with the British foreign minister after Saudi forces intercepted a ballistic missile they said was fired toward Riyadh on Saturday by the Houthis. A Saudi-led coalition, which backs Yemen s internationally-recognized government, has been targeting the Houthis in a war which has killed more than 10,000 people and triggered a humanitarian disaster in one of the region s poorest countries. Iran has denied it was behind the missile launch, rejecting the Saudi and U.S. statements condemning Tehran as  destructive and provocative  and  slanders . The coincidence of heightened Saudi-Iranian tensions and Saudi domestic political upheaval has stirred unease among some Western governments and analysts about the emergence of an impromptu policy-making style under Prince Mohammed and turmoil in a region traditionally seen as a haven of stability.  He seems to be pushing the creation of a personalized system of rule without the checks and balances that have typically characterized the Saudi system of governance,  wrote Marc Lynch, professor of political science and international affairs at George Washington University, in the Washington Post.  In both domestic and foreign affairs, he has consistently undertaken sudden and wide-ranging campaigns for unclear reasons which shatter prevailing norms.   Among those held in the anti-graft purge was Prince Miteb bin Abdullah, who was replaced as minister of the National Guard, a pivotal power base rooted in the kingdom s tribes. That recalled a palace coup in June that ousted Mohammed bin Nayef, known as MbN, as heir to the throne. MbN made his first confirmed public appearance since then at the funeral for Prince Mansour bin Muqrin, deputy governor of Asir province, who was killed in a helicopter crash on Sunday. No cause has been given for the crash. A photo shared online by a state media photographer showed MbN greeting another royal at the first major family gathering since the anti-corruption sweep began. The crackdown removed any remaining political counterweights to the crown prince, according to Steffen Hertog, a Saudi scholar at the London School of Economics.  This allows for fast decision-making and reduces costly involvement of princes in state contracts, but also potentially reduces internal criticism and review of new policy initiatives,  he said. A former senior U.S. intelligence official cautioned that given the National Guard s loyalties, Prince Mohammed could face a backlash.  I find it difficult to believe that it (National Guard) will simply roll over and accept the imposition of new leadership in such an arbitrary fashion,  he said. But the purge may go some way to soothing public disgust over financial abuses by the powerful, some Saudis say.  There is no doubt that it (the detentions) soothes the anger of the regular citizen who felt that such names and senior leaders who appeared in the list were immune from legal accountability,  said Saudi-based political analyst Mansour al-Ameer.  Its spread to the general population is evidence that no one is excluded from legal accountability, and this will eventually benefit the citizen and (national) development.  ",1
15434,"U.S. urges Saudis to be fair, open in handling graft prosecutions","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department said on Tuesday it was urging Saudi Arabia to be  fair and transparent  in its handling of any prosecutions stemming from a sweeping corruption probe that has resulted in the arrests of dozens of top Saudi officials. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said the United States had no advance knowledge of the corruption crackdown that unfolded over the weekend and resulted in the detention of members of the royal family, ministers and investors, including prominent billionaire businessman Alwaleed bin Talal.  We continue to encourage Saudi authorities to pursue the prosecution of people they believe to have been corrupt officials; we expect them to do it in a fair and transparent manner,  Nauert told a briefing.  We call on the government of Saudi Arabia to do that.  Nauert said the United States had received assurances from the Saudi government that it would do so, but another U.S. official later told reporters that she had misspoken and that they had no such assurances that they could discuss in public. Asked about Saudi Arabia s increasingly tough talk toward Iran and Lebanon, Nauert pointed to what she said was Iran s destabilizing activity and the Lebanese Hezbollah group s past record of attacks against U.S. military personnel. Saudi Arabia accused Lebanon on Monday of declaring war against it because of aggression by Hezbollah, the Lebanese Shi ite group backed by Iran. Saad al-Hariri, the Saudi-allied Lebanese prime minister, resigned on Saturday, blaming Iran and Hezbollah in his resignation speech. Nauert told reporters that Lebanon was a strong U.S. partner. Hezbollah has influential ties across Lebanon. Hariri s coalition government, which took office last year, grouped nearly all Lebanon s main parties, including Hezbollah. Michel Aoun, a Hezbollah ally, is president.  The United States strongly supports the legitimate institutions in the Lebanese state,  Nauert said.  We expect all members of the international community to respect fully those institutions and the sovereignty and political independence of Lebanon.  ",1
15435,"From Chilean refuge, Venezuelan congress deputy defies Maduro","CARACAS (Reuters) - From his refuge at the Chilean ambassador s home, Venezuela s deputy congressional leader has defended  civil disobedience  against President Nicolas Maduro and urged demoralized opponents to unite and oust him in a presidential vote.   All the focus of our struggle now is to have truly free presidential elections,  opposition lawmaker Freddy Guevara said in a video released overnight after he entered the Chilean diplomatic residence at the weekend.  Venezuela is due to hold a presidential vote in 2018. But foes of Maduro are demanding that the pro-government election board first be reformed, charging the election will be rigged if it is not. Saying he should be tried for violence, authorities have revoked Guevara s parliamentary immunity and banned the 31-year-old leader of hardline Popular Will party from traveling. Guevara, who is vice president of the opposition-led National Assembly, was at the forefront of anti-Maduro street demonstrations between April and July in which at least 125 people died and thousands were injured. Opponents say Maduro s leftist government has run oil-rich Venezuela s economy into the ground and resorted to increasingly authoritarian tactics to retain power.  The usurpers of the Supreme Court and State Prosecutor s Office accuse me of crimes I have not committed but based on events I do recognize,  Guevara said in the video released via social media.  Yes, I called protests and believe in civil disobedience. I organized them and will do it again. Never will they convince me, those who were in the street, nor the international community, that we are guilty when you murdered us.  Chief prosecutor Tarek Saab, who recently replaced a dissident prosecutor, presented the case against Guevara to the pro-Maduro Constituent Assembly superbody, which has sidelined congress, in a session late on Monday. Saab blamed Guevara for the shooting, stoning and stabbing of security officials, paying adolescents to protest, and exhorting violence during the protests this year.  He didn t care who died,  Saab said.  The U.S. State Department weighed in on the Guevara case on Tuesday, saying in a statement the government s moves against him were  yet another extreme measure to close the democratic space in Venezuela, criminalize dissent and control information.  Maduro, 54, has long had his sights on Guevara, nicknaming him  Chucky  in reference to a horror film s murderous doll. Popular Will founder Leopoldo Lopez is under house arrest, for his role in protests in 2014, and the party is under constant threat of being banned as officials accuse it of terrorism.  Mr. Nicolas Maduro, sadly for you, we have taken the decision not to give you any more hostages,  Guevara added in his video, explaining his decision to take refuge rather than face trial like Lopez did. Earlier this year the Chilean ambassador s opulent residence in the Country Club zone of Caracas took in five pro-opposition magistrates threatened with jail time.  They eventually crossed the border secretly to Colombia before flying to Santiago to be received by President Michelle Bachelet s government, which has joined a chorus of major Latin American nations in denouncing Maduro for rights abuses. Critics say Maduro has turned the country into a dictatorship by twisting elections and detaining opponents. His supporters say Maduro, who inherited the socialist course of his predecessor the late Hugo Chavez, is resisting a U.S.-backed push for a coup, and insist Venezuela s election process is sound. In another overnight development, a local journalist missing since Saturday turned up at dawn wearing only his underwear on a motorway outside Caracas, he and authorities said.  Jesus Medina, who works for the DolarToday currency and political website that virulently opposes Maduro, said he was kidnapped, tortured and threatened before being released.  To inform is not a crime,  Medina said in a video, showing injuries on his face. He declined to give more details of the alleged kidnapping, including the identity of his captors, because the incident was under investigation. The state prosecutor s office opened an investigation.  ",1
15436,Sweden seeks to buy $1 billion U.S. Patriot air defense missile system,"STOCKHOLM/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Sweden will start negotiations on a $1.2 billion Raytheon Co  Patriot air defense missile system, as interest in missile defense systems strengthens amid heightened regional tensions and ballistic missile technology improves globally.  The Swedish government said on Tuesday negotiations with the U.S. company will target delivery beginning in 2020, and for the system to be operational by 2025 at the latest. Iran, North Korea and Russia, among others, have made advancements in their missile technology.  Raytheon said,  Sweden s announcement brings them closer to joining the growing group of European nations depending on the combat-proven Patriot to defend against ballistic and cruise missiles, and advanced aircraft and drones.  The Swedish government said,  based on this tender and the decision of the Riksdag (the Swedish Parliament) on the proposal to acquire a new medium-range air defense system in the 2018 budget bill, the government will make a final decision on the acquisition during 2018.  Lockheed Martin Corp, the Pentagon s No. 1 weapons supplier, said in August its customers want to defend themselves against possible incoming missile attacks and are increasingly asking about missile defense systems. Raytheon has built more than 220 Patriot fire units and delivered them to customers in 13 nations including The Netherlands and Germany.    The Swedish Defense Materiel Administration (FMV) has been authorized to send a L\letter of request to the United States, and to enter into negotiations for procurement of the Patriot system. The contract value is estimated to exceed 10 billion Swedish crowns ($1.2 billion), FMV said in a statement. U.S. soldiers and German airmen fired the first of dozens of live Patriot and Stinger missiles on Monday as part of an exercise at a NATO base in Crete aimed at strengthening the response to possible attacks from Russia or other countries. The exercise, which continues through Thursday on the Greek island, will include a series of emerging  real world threats  such as the use of drones, electronic warfare and electromagnetic pulses, U.S. Army Colonel David Shank, commander of the 10th Army Air and Missile Defense Command, told Reuters. The exercises come amid a big push by the United States, Germany and other NATO members to rebuild short-range air defense systems after the shock of Russia s annexation of the Crimea region of Ukraine and its support of separatists in the Donbass region of Ukraine. ",1
15437,Malian soldiers killed in French strike had joined Islamists: source,"PARIS (Reuters) - Malian soldiers killed by a French military strike in northern Mali last month were deserters who had joined an Islamist militant group, a French source close to the matter said on Tuesday. That contradicted comments from the Malian Defense Ministry, which said on Monday that the soldiers killed in the Oct. 23 strike, a raid on a camp of the Ansar Dine militant group, had been its hostages. The French source said the raid was carried out  on the basis of detailed intelligence against a camp that included Malians who had joined the Islamist ranks. They were hit, amongst others.   They were not prisoners,  the source told Reuters, declining to say how many were killed or captured in the raid. The source accused Malian authorities of spreading propaganda in the run-up to a presidential election scheduled for November 2018. A French defense ministry source added:  We have a real trust problem with the Malians.  Malian officials were not immediately available for comment. The French army said in a later statement that the head of its Barkhane operation, General Bruno Guibert, had spoken with his Malian counterpart on Tuesday to update him on information it said showed the stricken camp was  unmistakably  used as a training camp for terrorists.  This research has at no point shown the presence on this site of Malian soldiers, whether captured or hired by the terrorist group,  the statement said, adding that the French army was ready to help Mali if it wanted to send to the site a mission to gather information. The French army previously said that 15 members of Ansar Dine, which is loosely affiliated to other militant groups operating in northern Mali, were taken  out of action  in the raid. The Malian government is struggling to contain Tuareg and Islamist violence in northern Mali, some of which is spreading south. Attempts to place officials in northern towns have sometimes failed, raising questions about the government s ability to maintain stability ahead of the election.  Islamist militants seized northern Mali in 2012 and French forces intervened a year later.  Around 4,000 of its troops remain in West Africa s Sahel region as part of Operation Barkhane, a cross-border anti-terrorism operation. France has also been at the forefront of organizing a regional force as part of efforts to find a long-term strategy to exit the region. ",1
15438,Germany says it would be 'wrong signal' to withdraw mission from Iraq,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s foreign minister urged parliament on Tuesday to extend a military mission training Kurdish Peshmerga fighters in northern Iraq, saying to withdraw the German force would raise the risk of a new civil war there. Germany resumed its military mission last month after a brief suspension following a referendum for independence in the semi-autonomous Kurdistan region of northern Iraq. The vote was rejected by Baghdad and triggered an Iraqi military offensive that recaptured disputed areas of the north from the Peshmerga. German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel, who will step down soon as his Social Democratic party returns to opposition after heavy losses in the Sept. 24 election, was appealing to likely participants in the next government, particularly the Greens, not to oppose an extension of Berlin s military mission in Iraq. Germany has about 150 soldiers training Kurdish forces to fight Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria. But the sharp rise in tensions between the Kurds and Iraq s central government has raised concern in Germany about the mission s future. Gabriel said, however,  The more international groups are active there, the lower the chance of a new escalation.  A withdrawal would be the wrong signal to the parties to the conflict, as if we were resigned to accepting the danger of a new civil war,  he told reporters.  He said the Berlin government had met with a variety of parties recently to urge a political solution to tensions between the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) and Baghdad.  We hope that the very fragile ceasefire holds and that a political solution can be achieved. A new civil war in Iraq would bring unbelievable suffering to this country, which has already suffered too much as a result of political conflicts in recent years.  Iraqi Kurds voted overwhelmingly to break away from Iraq in the Sept. 25 referendum, defying the central government in Baghdad as well as neighboring Turkey and Iran who have their own Kurdish minorities. In retaliation, Iraqi government forces and the allied, Iran-backed Popular Mobilisation militia recaptured the oil city of Kirkuk and other disputed territories held by Peshmerga just outside official KRG boundaries. On Oct. 27 Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declared a pause in the offensive, though it was unclear whether there was any official agreement on a ceasefire.The German cabinet has urged the Bundestag (lower house of parliament) to vote to extend the mission by three months to give the next government time to review all foreign missions. Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives are trying to form a new coalition with the pro-business Free Democrats and the environmentalist Greens after losing considerable support to the far right in the Sept. 24 election.  ",1
15439,Canadian groups seek to overturn Quebec ban on Muslim veil,"TORONTO (Reuters) - Two Canadian groups on Tuesday asked a court to overturn a new Quebec law that bans observant Muslim women from wearing a full-face veil when providing or receiving government services. The National Council for Canadian Muslims, the Canadian Civil Liberties Association and Quebec Muslim resident Marie-Michelle Lacoste asked a provincial court to declare the law invalid, arguing that it discriminates against Muslim women and violates equality and freedom of religion protections in the Canadian and Quebec constitutions. The provincial Liberal government that backed the law, passed on Oct. 18, has rejected claims that it targets Muslim women. It argues that the ban on all face coverings was necessary for security reasons and to facility communication and identification of people. Debate has focused on the niqab, a veil worn by a small minority of Muslim women that covers the whole face save for the eyes.  Opponents of the law say it targets a visible minority that has been subject to threats and violence in the primarily French-speaking province. Quebec had about 243,000 Muslims as of 2011, according to Statistics Canada. The government believes the law is constitutional and will defend it in court, Isabelle Marier St-Onge, a spokeswoman for Quebec Justice Minister Stephanie Vallee, said by phone on Tuesday. The law affects teachers, police officers, hospital employees and daycare workers in government agencies, and users of public services, from school to mass transit systems.  Such blatant and unjustified violations of freedom of religion, as well as of the equality guarantees of the Quebec and Canadian Charters, have no place in Quebec or Canada,  the groups  court submission said. The plaintiffs stand a good chance of success, said political scientist Emmett Macfarlane, who has written extensively about Canada s constitution and Supreme Court.      It s a pretty clear case, where we know who s being adversely affected and we know it s a distinct minority,  Macfarlane said. In January a gunman walked into a Quebec City mosque and shot six people to death. A French-Canadian university student has been charged as the sole suspect. France, Belgium, the Netherlands, Bulgaria and the German state of Bavaria have imposed restrictions on the wearing of full-face veils in public places. Denmark plans to institute its own ban. ",1
15440,German parties hope to agree deal outlines by Friday,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Chiefs of the parties aiming to form Germany s next government hope to agree the outlines of a coalition deal by the end of the week, they said on Tuesday, after two smaller parties broke a logjam by dropping demands on tax and climate policy. With the three camps still divided on several issues, the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) offered ground by saying they would accept more modest income tax cuts than a campaign pledge of 30-40 billion euros ($35-46 billion) of relief. The ecologist Greens also offered a concession, saying they would no longer insist on fixed dates to shut down coal-fired power stations and to ban cars with internal combustion engines. However, the Christian Social Union (CSU), the Bavarian sister party of Chancellor Angela Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) was skeptical about the concessions offered.  Abandoning nonsense deadlines is hardly a compromise,  the CSU s chief negotiator Alexander Dobrindt said after the conclusion of talks on Tuesday. The three camps agreed to leave smaller expert groups to thrash out compromises on the areas dividing them this week, with top officials, having identified problem areas, only returning to the table on Friday.  We are now switching to work mode,  Michael Kellner, a top Green official. The three-way coalition the parties are trying to form is untested at national level, and the negotiations follow a fracturing of the vote in a national election in September, when Merkel s conservatives bled support to the far right. Should the talks stall, Berlin would face a lengthy period of uncertainty at a time when many in the European Union are looking to Germany, its biggest economy, for leadership on issues ranging from euro zone governance to trans-Atlantic relations. Merkel, who is seeking a fourth term, said on Monday that immigration and climate policy were the most contentious topics in the exploratory talks, which she hopes to advance to full-blown negotiations on Nov. 16. There is broad support among her conservatives comprising the CDU and CSU for tax reforms. The CDU/CSU alliance also reached a deal on migrant policy last month. The main sticking point to a broader deal on that front is a conservative proposal to cap at 200,000 a year the number of migrants Germany would accept on humanitarian grounds. The Greens reject such a limit, which they say is unconstitutional. Also complicating the path to a coalition deal, negotiators will need to seek approval from their parties before proceeding to full-blown talks.  A crucial test will be a Greens party conference on Nov. 25, when party leaders will seek the blessing of their base. Signaling a readiness to compromise, Greens co-leader Simone Peter told Rheinische Post newspaper:  For us, it doesn t matter if the last coal-fired power station is off the grid in 2030 or 2032. That s where we are pragmatic.  But it was crucial to agree on further climate protection measures to cut Germany s CO2 emissions by 40 percent from 1990 levels by 2020, as Merkel had promised. Greens co-leader Cem Ozdemir signaled readiness to compromise on car policy after an emissions scandal at Germany s leading automaker Volkswagen(VOWG_p.DE) plunged the industry into crisis.  It s clear to me that we alone cannot enforce the end date of 2030 for the approval of combustion engines,  Ozdemir told Stuttgarter Zeitung and Stuttgarter Nachrichten newspapers. ",1
15441,Ex-Catalan leader urges unity as window for secessionist pact closes,"MADRID (Reuters) - Catalonia s deposed leader Carles Puigdemont urged the region s political forces on Tuesday to unite against Spain, as a window for him to seal an electoral pact with other pro-independence parties began to close. Puigdemont went into self-imposed exile in Belgium last month after Spain s central government fired his secessionist administration, dissolved the Catalan parliament and called an election in the region for Dec 21. Pro-secession parties want that vote to become a de facto independence referendum. Two of those parties, Puigdemont s PDeCAT and the ERC party, said at the weekend they might contest it on a combined ticket. But they must register any alliance by the end of Tuesday, and prospects of them bridging their differences in time looked slim. The Catalan independence push has deeply divided Spain, dragging it into its worst political crisis since the return of democracy four decades ago and fuelling anti-Spanish sentiment in Catalonia and nationalist tendencies elsewhere. In an interview with Catalunya Radio on Tuesday from Brussels, Puigdemont said all parties contesting the election should unite against Madrid.  The ideal would be a broad regional list of parties... that stand for democracy and freedom.  he said, mentioning PDeCAT, ERC, the anti-capitalist CUP and left-wing +Podemos. ERC s spokesman Sergi Sabria said on Monday his party did not rule out a coalition with PDeCAT, but would agree only if other parties joined them, including CUP, which has yet to decide whether it will contest the December ballot. Unequivocal support for Puigdemont and his cause came from some 200 pro-independence Catalan mayors who attended a rally in Brussels on Tuesday evening. They called for continued non-violent resistance and for the European Union to intervene.  Perhaps the path toward freedom will be longer than we thought, but it continues and we haven t given up,  said Toni Comin, one of four former cabinet members in Brussels. Polls show the ERC and PDeCAT combined would not win enough votes for a majority in the Catalan parliament, though running together would increase their chance of success. Puigdemont also said he might be in jail by the time of the election,  but prison doesn t deprive anyone of legitimacy . Madrid issued an arrest warrant against Puigdemont on charges including rebellion, but a Brussels court ruled on Monday the deposed leader could remain at liberty in Belgium until it had decided whether he should be extradited. He and other secessionist leaders face the charges for organizing an independence referendum on Oct. 1 and proclaiming a Catalan republic, in defiance of Spain s constitution. The party that forms the main opposition to the secessionists in Catalonia emerged as the big winner in the first nationwide voter survey published by Spain s most closely watched polling group since the referendum. Support for the pro-business Ciudadanos rose almost three percentage points to 17.5 percent, the Sociological Research Centre (CIS) survey showed. Podemos   which supports a negotiated referendum on independence in Catalonia   and its allies fell almost two points to 18.5 percent in the survey. During Tuesday s rally, Puigdemont called on the Spanish government to suspend Article 155, which Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy enacted last month to govern Catalonia from Madrid, and said they would contest it in the December election.  Catalans have the right to know if their choice will be respected on Dec. 21,  he said. ",1
15442,Egypt not considering measures against Lebanon's Hezbollah: CNBC,"CAIRO (Reuters) - President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi has said that Egypt is not considering taking any measures against Hezbollah despite Saudi Arabia s call for sanctions against the Lebanese Shi ite political and military group. Saudi Arabia, main backer of Egypt, has said Hezbollah should be disarmed and kept out of the Lebanese government.  The subject is not about taking on or not taking on, the subject is about the status of the fragile stability in the region in light of the unrest facing the region,  Sisi told CNBC in an interview when asked if Egypt would consider its own measures against Hezbollah.  The region cannot support more turmoil,  he said. Riyadh blames Hezbollah for the resignation of Lebanon s preeminent Sunni politician, accusing it of hijacking Lebanese politics. But Saudi Arabia is also criticized Lebanon as a whole, saying it too has declared war on the kingdom. The resignation on Saturday of Saudi-allied Lebanese prime minister Saad al-Hariri, announced from Riyadh and blamed on Iran and Hezbollah, is seen by many as the first step in a Saudi intervention in Lebanese politics. Sisi told Lebanon s speaker of parliament on Sunday Egypt is opposed to any interference in Lebanon s internal affairs.  The president expressed Egypt s interest in preserving security and stability in Lebanon ...and affirmed the importance of avoiding all forms of sectarian and religious tensions or violence, and its opposition to attempted interference in Lebanon s internal affairs,  Sisi s office said in a statement after he met Speaker Nabih Berri in Cairo.  It s up to the Lebanese to reach the political settlement of their choice,  the statement said. Sisi came to power when as military commander he led the overthrow of former President Mohamed Mursi of the Muslim Brotherhood in 2013 following mass protests. Saudi Arabia backed the move and subsequently showered Egypt with aid. ",1
15443,"Nazi victim memorial stones stolen in Berlin, police probe","BERLIN (Reuters) - German police have launched an investigation into the theft of at least 12 inscribed metal memorial stones embedded in the pavement in Berlin to commemorate Nazi victims. The stones, called  Stolpersteine , bear the names of the victims and are set in the ground in front of the last address where they lived before being murdered or detained by the wartime regime.  It s upsetting and it hurts,  Cologne artist Guenter Demnig said on Tuesday, the day after the thefts were made public. Demnig said some 600 stones had been stolen out of the total 63,000 laid across Europe since he launched the project in 1996. Police said it was not clear who was behind the thefts, though a local politician blamed members of the far right linking the action to the approaching anniversary of the 1938 Kristallnacht pogrom of Jews in Germany and Austria. A similar theft in the eastern city of Greifswald four years ago also took place on the eve of the anniversary of the attacks when government-backed mobs looted Jewish property, set fires and killed dozens of Jews.  If someone makes the effort to remove them, systematically picking out each stone, then they have political motives,  said a spokesman for Berlin politician Fritz Felgentreu, pointing to what he said was a strong far-right presence in the neighborhood where the thefts took place. ",1
15444,Lithuania expects NATO to reach deal on Baltic air shield,"HELSINKI (Reuters) - Lithuania expects NATO to reach an agreement next year to shield Baltic countries with air defenses, plugging a gap in its security against Russia, its defense minister said on Tuesday. Since Russia annexed the Crimea peninsula from Ukraine in 2014 and began providing weapons and troops to separatist rebels in eastern Ukraine, NATO has send more forces to the Baltics, eastern Poland and around the Black Sea. Lithuania, which borders the Russian region of Kaliningrad, wants NATO to permanently deploy anti-aircraft weapons in the Baltics or Poland   a move seen by Moscow as an unjustified military build-up on its borders.  We expect so,  defense minister Raimundas Karoblis told Reuters when asked if he saw an agreement shaping up for the NATO summit in 2018.   Air defense is one of the issues which we need to address. We also need to look at other domains, like NATO command structure reform, we need to move forward on all on these aspects,  he said, also calling for NATO to strengthen maritime defenses in the Baltics. Karoblis spoke in Helsinki after meeting his counterparts from Northern Group countries, including the Nordic and Baltic states, Britain, Germany, Poland and the Netherlands. U.S. Secretary of Defence Jim Mattis also joined the meeting. Karoblis said exercises should be considered by NATO after Russia s Zapad war games unnerved the West in September. Mattis told reporters after the meeting that the 12 nations stood together to reaffirm territorial integrity.  It is clear that one nation thinks it holds some kind of a veto or strong influence, over others, that is Russia. The country s name came up repeatedly, over the last 48 hours,  he said. ",1
15445,Rivals of incumbent seek to sway Czech policy towards west in presidential election,"PRAGUE (Reuters) - A host of pro-western candidates met Tuesday s deadline to run for Czech president, seeking to unseat incumbent Milos Zeman who has leaned toward Russia and China. Czech presidents wield limited day-to-day power but have large informal influence and play a key role in forming governments - now under way following elections last month. The winner of the January presidential election will fuel or tame euroscepticism that has taken hold despite the country s economic success and stability since joining NATO in 1999 and the European Union in 2004. Zeman, 73, former Social Democrat leader and prime minister, is one of the major figures in the country s recent history,  along with predecessors Vaclav Havel and Vaclav Klaus. He remains the favorite to win a second five-year term according to bookmakers, despite limited public appearances in recent months due to diabetes and difficulty walking.  So far the most serious rival to Zeman is chemist and former chief of the Czech Academy of Sciences Jiri Drahos who is running as an independent.  Drahos, 68, is pro-EU and pro-NATO with a reserved and sober manner, a contrast to Zeman who has a reputation for swiping out at media and opponents.   If Drahos wins, it would mean a pro-western, pro-European course,  said political analyst Josef Mlejnek jr.  Under Zeman, our politicians have often had to remind foreign partners that it is the government and not the president who is in charge of foreign policy, and that does not make a good impression especially if there is such an east-west discord between the two lines.   Zeman took a sharp anti-EU turn when he took Russia s line in the Ukraine conflict and opposed EU sanctions. He also has adopted a sharply anti-immigration stance and said Islam was  anti-civilisation . Zeman has also given support to Andrej Babis, a billionaire businessman whose ANO party won the parliamentary election last month and who Zeman promised to become prime minister. ANO did not field its own presidential candidate, which removes one of the potential threats to Zeman. Another pro-western contestant is Michal Horacek, 65, founder of betting firm Fortuna which he sold in 2004 and a recognized lyricist for pop music stars. Former centre-right prime minister Mirek Topolanek, whose cabinet collapsed during the country s EU presidency in 2009, also joined the race at the last minute. A eurosceptic, Topolanek s former right-hand man, Marek Dalik, started a 5-year jail sentence on Monday for corruption in army procurement while Topolanek was in office. In a poll published on Monday, Zeman led with 34 percent, followed by Drahos at 22 and Horacek at 13 percent. Another poll on Tuesday gave Drahos a 51-49 percent edge over Zeman in a hypothetical run-off. ",1
15446,"Saudi banks freeze more than 1,200 accounts in probe, number still rising: sources","DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Arabian banks have frozen more than 1,200 accounts belonging to individuals and companies in the kingdom as part of the government s anti-corruption purge, bankers and lawyers said on Tuesday. They added that the number is continuing to rise. Dozens of royal family members, officials and business executives have been detained in the crackdown and are facing allegations of money laundering, bribery, extorting officials and taking advantage of public office for personal gain. Since Sunday, the central bank has been expanding the list of accounts it is requiring lenders to freeze on an almost hourly basis, one regional banker said, declining to be named because he was not authorized to speak to media. The banker did not name the companies affected but said they included listed and unlisted firms across many sectors. He added that if the freezes stayed in place for long, they could start to hurt day-to-day business activities such as paying staff and creditors or making other transactions. A second banker said, however, that most of the frozen accounts belonged to individuals rather than companies, and that banks were being allowed by the regulator to continue to fund existing commitments. A central bank spokesman was not available to comment. Among top business executives detained in the probe are billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, chairman of investment firm Kingdom Holding 4280.SE; Nasser bin Aqeel al-Tayyar, founder of Al Tayyar Travel 1810.SE; and Amr al-Dabbagh, chairman of builder Red Sea International 4230.SE. The stocks of all three companies, which have issued statements saying they continue to operate as normal, plunged between 9 and 10 percent on Tuesday. One of the bankers speaking to Reuters said the central bank had met with some foreign banks this week to reassure them that the freezing of accounts targeted individuals, and that firms linked to those people would not be damaged. ",1
15447,Exclusive: China curbs tourism to North Korea ahead of Trump visit - sources,"BEIJING/SEOUL (Reuters) - Chinese tour operators based in the border city of Dandong have been told to halt trips to the North Korean capital Pyongyang, five sources told Reuters on Tuesday, the day before U.S. President Donald Trump s first official visit to China. Chinese President Xi Jinping will host Trump in Beijing on Wednesday, with North Korea s development of nuclear weapons expected to top their agenda. The United States has been pressuring China to do more to rein in its neighbor and ally. Tourism is one of the few remaining ways North Korea earns hard currency, as the United Nations has ramped up sanctions on the country over the past year, curbing key export industries including coal, seafood and textiles.  It was very unexpected, we had no idea this was going to happen until we received the notification today,  said a Chinese tour operator who runs trips to North Korea out of Dandong.  This is devastating news for us,  he said, adding the order had come from the Dandong Tourism Bureau. The sources Reuters interviewed for this story all requested anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue.  The Dandong Tourism Bureau was not immediately reachable for comment late on Tuesday. China s foreign ministry did not immediately respond to a request for comment sent after working hours on Tuesday night.  Most tour companies that take Chinese tourists to North Korea are based in Dandong, the main trading hub on the Chinese side of the border.  Dandong-based tour companies were told on Tuesday that, as of Wednesday, they were only permitted to run one-day tours to Sinuiju, the North Korean city opposite Dandong, which is a popular destination for Chinese tourists making day trips. Longer trips to Pyongyang and other parts of North Korea were banned until further notice, the sources said. Many Chinese tour operators run three-day or longer tours inside the world s most isolated country.  The sources said the government had not given any official explanation for the changes.   It s low season right now, but that s unlikely to be the reason,  said another Dandong-based tourism source.  It s much more likely to be connected to increasing sanctions against North Korea. We ll have to wait and see what happens once Trump leaves China. Maybe they will loosen the rules but it s very hard to say. This is all connected to the growing tensions.  Earlier this year, the United States banned its citizens from visiting North Korea after American college student Otto Warmbier died shortly after returning to the United States in a coma following more than a year in captivity in North Korea. He had been detained during a tour there. The Korea Maritime Institute, a think-tank in the South, estimates that tourism generates about $44 million in annual revenue for North Korea. About 80 percent of all North Korea s foreign tourists are Chinese, it says. China said more than 237,000 Chinese visited in 2012, but it stopped publishing the statistics in 2013. The order does not appear to affect North Korea-focused tour operators based elsewhere.  We didn t receive any notice to halt trips to North Korea,  said Rubio Chan of GLO Travel, a Hong Kong-based tour company which takes tourists to North Korea.  But that may be because we are based out of Hong Kong and we work directly with our partners in Pyongyang.  ",1
15448,"U.N., Red Cross urge Saudi-led coalition to re-open aid lifeline to Yemen","GENEVA (Reuters) - The United Nations and Red Cross on Tuesday urged the Saudi-led coalition fighting in Yemen to re-open an aid lifeline to bring imported food and medicine into the country. It is estimated that seven million people are facing famine there. The Saudi-led coalition fighting the Houthi movement in Yemen said on Monday it would close all air, land and sea ports to the Arabian Peninsula country to stem the flow of arms from Iran. The Saudis and their allies say the Houthis get weapons from their arch-foe, Iran. Iran denies the charges and blames the conflict in Yemen on Riyadh. The U.N. Security Council is due to meet on Wednesday, at the request of Sweden, to discuss the humanitarian situation in Yemen, diplomats said in New York.  We call for all air and sea ports to remain open to ensure food, fuel and medicines can enter the country,  Jens Laerke of the U.N. Office for the Coordination for Humanitarian Affairs said in Geneva. He said humanitarian operations are currently  blocked  because air and sea ports in Yemen are closed,  The Saudi-led coalition has told the world body to  inform all commercial vessels at Hodeidah and Saleef ports to leave , Laerke said, referring to Red Sea ports controlled by the Houthis. The price of fuel jumped 60 percent  overnight  in Yemen and the price of cooking gas doubled, he said.  This is an access problem of colossal dimensions right now.  The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) joined the call.  Food, medicine and other essential supplies are critical for the survival of 27 million Yemenis already weakened by a conflict now in its third year,  Robert Mardini, ICRC regional director for the Near and Middle East, said in a statement. The ICRC said that a shipment of chlorine tablets to prevent cholera did not get clearance at Yemen s northern border. It voiced fears for 50,000 vials of insulin for diabetics due to be delivered by next week, which require constant refrigeration. ICRC spokeswoman Iolanda Jaquemet said that a ship carrying 500 metric tonnes of rice, which arrived in Hodeidah port in October after a three-month trip from Pakistan, had to leave the port last week without offloading because the ship s crane had broken.  The port itself lacks adequate cranes after repeated coalition bombing.     Rupert Colville, U.N. human rights spokesman, said it would study whether the blockade amounted to  collective punishment , banned under international law, but hoped that it would be temporary. Attacks in Yemen over the past week that have killed dozens of civilians, including children, at markets and homes, he said.  These included at least nine air strikes on the Houthi-held city of Sanaa since Saturday, when a missile was fired from Yemen toward the Saudi capital of Riyadh, he said.  A cholera epidemic has caused 908,702 suspected cases and 2,194 deaths since the outbreak began in April, WHO spokeswoman Fadela Chaib said. In Berlin, German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel called for increased aid to Yemen, citing alarm at the latest  U.N. report.  No one will be able to say later, particularly with respect to Yemen, that they didn t know what was happening.  ",1
15449,Red Cross Federation chief vows corruption crackdown,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The new president of the world s largest humanitarian network, the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC), promised on Tuesday to crack down on corruption after a scandal over Ebola funds in West Africa. Francesco Rocca, who headed the Italian Red Cross and oversaw its role in the Mediterranean refugee crisis, was elected on Monday to lead the IFRC. He said the organization should have  zero tolerance for any grey area or black hole  and its 190 national societies should adopt  very strict  policies.   What has happened could jeopardize our credibility,  Rocca told Reuters. Last month the IFRC said it had uncovered fraud committed during its operations to combat the deadly Ebola virus outbreak in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone in 2014-2016.  The estimated losses totaled 6 million Swiss francs, including suspected collusion between IFRC staff and bank employees in Sierra Leone, fake billing in Guinea and inflated prices and payments in Liberia.   It s a huge offense to our volunteers, who spend their lives and sacrifice their time (away from) their family, their friends, their free time, sometimes their job, to spend for humanity,  Rocca said.  Then someone is creating profit on their shoulders. It is something that is really unacceptable.  Rocca said other priorities for the organization included recruiting more volunteers to help cope with bigger and more frequent natural disasters, and persuading politicians to take the right decisions. Politicians were too concerned about the present and needed to think longer-term to solve big problems, Rocca said.  One such issue was the flow of migrants and refugees from Africa to Europe, thousands of whom die every year as they try to cross the Sahara and the Mediterranean.   If after 30 years people are still escaping for the same reason, perhaps we need to rethink how we have worked so far in that area of the world,  he said.     ",1
15450,Britain's Boris Johnson 'could have been clearer' on jailed aid worker in Iran,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said on Tuesday that his remarks about a jailed aid worker in Iran could have been clearer, after opponents said his comments might provoke the Islamic Republic to hand the dual national a longer jail term. As Prime Minister Theresa May heads toward a 2019 EU divorce that will shape Britain s prosperity and global influence for generations, her minority government has stumbled into several controversies that risk undermining her remaining authority. In the latest misstep, Johnson came under pressure to retract remarks made on Nov. 1 that Iranian-British aid worker Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe had been teaching people journalism before her arrest in April 2016. Zaghari-Ratcliffe s employer, the Thomson Reuters Foundation, said Johnson s comment was incorrect, while opposition British lawmakers said the remarks could land the aid worker a longer term in jail. Johnson called Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif on Tuesday to discuss the case, and made clear that he had been seeking to make the point that he condemned the Iranian view that training journalists was a crime, a spokesman said.  The UK government has no doubt that she was on holiday in Iran when she was arrested last year and that was the sole purpose of her visit,  Johnson told parliament.  My point was that I disagreed with the Iranian view that training journalists was a crime, not that I wanted to lend any credence to Iranian allegations that Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe had been engaged in such activity,  he said.  I accept that my remarks could have been clearer in that respect and I am glad to provide this clarification.  Johnson said he would travel to Iran in the coming weeks and discuss all consular issues there, and would try to meet Zaghari-Ratcliffe while there. May s spokesman expressed confidence in Johnson, adding that the  he was doing a good job . Monique Villa, Thomson Reuters Foundation CEO, said Zaghari-Ratcliffe was a project manager in the media development team. Villa said Zaghari-Ratcliffe was not a journalist and had never trained journalists in Iran.  We welcome UK Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson s clarification of his comments,  Villa said.  It s time now for the Foreign Secretary to meet Nazanin in jail.   Johnson is not the only one distracted. At the weekend, May s deputy, Damian Green, denied an allegation made in The Sunday Times newspaper that police found pornography on one of his computers in the Houses of Parliament in 2008. On Monday, international development minister Priti Patel apologized for failing to disclose meetings with senior Israeli officials during a private holiday. Besides her government s sometimes contradictory signals on Brexit, May has faced criticism from opponents for her handling of other issues: from a deadly apartment block fire in June to a sexual harassment scandal in parliament that prompted Michael Fallon, her loyal defense secretary, to resign.  In my lifetime, I have never experienced a British government which seems to be so shambolic,  said Simon Hix, a professor of political science at the London School of Economics.  They are in the midst of one of the greatest challenges of the last 50 years   Brexit   and they have sexual harassment scandals in parliament, the Paradise Papers and then now on top of that the behavior of May s ministers.  On Tuesday, Johnson came under pressure from opponents to retract his comments about Zaghari-Ratcliffe, who is serving a five-year jail sentence after being convicted of plotting to overthrow Iran s clerical establishment. She was brought again into court on Saturday, three days after Johnson s remarks, and accused by a judge of  spreading propaganda against the regime . The British Foreign Office quoted Zarif as saying that Johnson s comments had nothing to do with the weekend court appearance. The charges against Zaghari-Ratcliffe were denied by her family and the Foundation, a charity organization that operates independently of Reuters News.  By suggesting Nazanin was in Iran  teaching people journalism , Boris Johnson has endangered the cause to secure her release,  Tulip Siddiq, a lawmaker for the opposition Labour Party, said. ",1
15451,Scottish parliament offices briefly evacuated in suspect white powder scare,"EDINBURGH (Reuters) - Offices at Scotland s devolved parliament in Edinburgh were briefly evacuated on Tuesday after suspicious packages containing white powder were found.  It s a white powder incident, there were a couple of suspicious packages sent to a Tory (Conservative) MSP,  a source at the parliament told Reuters, using the acronym for Member of the Scottish parliament. Business returned to normal after police gave the all-clear, the Scottish parliament said.  Known as Holyrood, the parliament building is located at the bottom of the Royal Mile, Edinburgh s most famous thoroughfare which leads down from its historic castle to Queen Elizabeth s Edinburgh residence, Holyrood Palace. The parliament s chief executive said only the building housing MSPs  offices had been evacuated while the rest of the parliamentary campus was operating normally. The parliament said later police inquiries had concluded there were no suspicious circumstances surrounding the incident and that no crime had been committed. ",1
15452,Oxford Islamic academic takes leave after rape allegations,"PARIS (Reuters) - Britain s Oxford University said one of its professors, the prominent Swiss Muslim intellectual Tariq Ramadan, had taken a leave of absence after two women filed complaints against him in France alleging rape.  The University has consistently acknowledged the gravity of the allegations against Professor Ramadan, while emphasising the importance of fairness and the principles of justice and due process,  Oxford University said in a statement.  An agreed leave of absence implies no presumption or acceptance of guilt and allows Professor Ramadan to address the extremely serious allegations made against him, all of which he categorically denies,  it added.  The Geneva-born academic, the grandson of Hasan al-Banna, an Islamist thinker and activist who founded the Muslim Brotherhood, has denied allegations made by the two women, including author Henda Ayari, who said he raped her at a Muslim convention in 2012.  The Paris prosecutor last month opened a preliminary probe over the accusations following Ayari s complaint. Ramadan filed a complaint for slander against her.  On Tuesday Ramadan published on his Facebook page, in French, the same statement as Oxford University, adding that he welcomed the university s handling of the situation.  Separately, prosecutors on Monday opened an investigation into death threats on Twitter against satirical weekly Charlie Hebdo for a front page cover it published over the rape accusations targetting Ramadan. Twelve people were killed at the magazine s headquarters in January 2015, the first of a wave of militant attacks that has left more than 240 dead over the past two and a half years. ",1
15453,"At North Korea's doorstep, Trump warns of U.S. power while also striking conciliatory note","SEOUL (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Tuesday warned North Korea he was prepared to use the full range of U.S. military power to stop any attack, but in a more conciliatory appeal than ever before he urged Pyongyang to  make a deal  to end the nuclear standoff. Speaking on North Korea s doorstep during a visit to Seoul, Trump said that while  we hope to God  not to have to resort to the use of full U.S. military might, he was ready to do whatever was necessary to prevent the  North Korean dictator  from threatening millions of lives.  We cannot allow North Korea to threaten all that we have built,  Trump said after talks with South Korean President Moon Jae-in, who has supported diplomatic outreach to Pyongyang. But at times taking a more measured, less confrontational tone, Trump also urged North Korea to  do the right thing  and added that:  I do see some movement,  though he declined to elaborate.  It really makes sense for North Korea to come to the table and make a deal,  Trump told reporters at a joint news conference with Moon. Despite Trump s renewed threats against North Korea, it was a far cry from the more strident approach he has pursued in recent months, including his previous dismissal of any diplomatic efforts with Pyongyang as a waste of time. North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has made clear, however, that he has little interest in negotiations, at least until he has developed a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland. Landing earlier at Osan Air Base outside Seoul, the president and First Lady Melania Trump stepped down from Air Force One onto a red carpet as he began a 24-hour visit that could aggravate tension with North Korea. He then flew by helicopter to Camp Humphreys, the largest U.S. military base in the country, and met U.S. and South Korean troops, along with Moon. The White House billed Trump s trip as intended to demonstrate U.S. resolve over a hardline approach to the North Korean nuclear and missile threats. But many in the region had expressed fear that any further  bellicose rhetoric by Trump toward Pyongyang could increase the potential for a devastating military conflict. Trump praised Moon for  great cooperation  despite differences in the past over how to confront North Korea and over a trade pact between the United States and South Korea.  At the news conference, the leaders said they had agreed to renegotiate the trade agreement in a timely fashion. In formal talks after an elaborate welcoming ceremony outside the presidential Blue House in Seoul, Moon told Trump he hoped his visit would relieve some of South Koreans  anxiety over North Korea. Pyongyang s recent nuclear and missile tests in defiance of U.N. resolutions and an exchange of insults between Trump and Kim have raised the stakes in the most critical international challenge of Trump s presidency. At the news conference, Trump said Pyongyang must understand the  unparalleled strength  that Washington had at its disposal. He cited three U.S. aircraft carrier strike groups that are converging on the Western Pacific for exercises as well as a nuclear submarine he said was also in position. Trump has rattled some U.S. allies with his vow to  totally destroy  North Korea if it threatens the United States and by deriding Kim as a  Rocket Man on a suicide mission.  Kim responded by calling Trump a  mentally deranged U.S. dotard.  Trump s senior aides privately have since urged him to avoid  personalizing  the conflict any further, U.S. officials say. On the second leg of his five-nation trip, Trump toured the sprawling Camp Humphreys garrison, which lies about 100 km (60 miles) from the border with reclusive North Korea, and met commanders and troops. The base visit gave him a first-hand view of the massive military assets the United States has in place in South Korea, but it also could serve as a reminder of the cost in U.S. military lives   as well as the potential massive South Korean civilian losses   if the current crisis spirals into war. Trump wrapped up his first day with a dinner hosted at the Blue House, dining on grilled sole, beef ribs and chocolate cake while being serenaded by a K-pop singer with an orchestra in the background.  Mr President, may your dreams come true,  Trump said to Moon, raising his glass in a toast. North Korea has not conducted a missile test for 53 days, the longest such lull in testing this year. North Korean state media has not commented on Trump s arrival in the South. South Korea s spy agency said last week that North Korea may be preparing another missile test, raising speculation that such a launch could be timed for Trump s trip to the region. U.S. officials have said privately that intercepting a test missile is among options under consideration, though there is disagreement within the administration about the risks.         Trump had previously criticized Moon over his support for diplomatic engagement with Pyongyang   something the U.S. president once called  appeasement    but both leaders used Tuesday s news conference to stress common ground. Moon urged maximum pressure from sanctions against North Korea to force it to negotiate abandonment of its nuclear program, something Pyongyang says it will never give up. Several hundred supporters and protesters lined the streets of downtown Seoul as Trump s motorcade passed by en route to the Blue House, waving flags and posters, with some saying,  No Trump, No War, Yes Peace,  while others cheered,  Trump! Trump!  Trump will deliver a speech on Wednesday to South Korea s National Assembly expected to focus heavily on his North Korea policy, which has stressed sanctions and military pressure instead of diplomatic engagement with Pyongyang. The North accuses the United States, which has 28,500 troops in South Korea, a legacy of the 1950-53 Korean war, of planning to invade and regularly threatens to destroy it and its Asian allies. Washington denies any such intention. (This version of the story was refiled to add dropped  Trump  in third-from-last paragraph) ",1
15454,"Red Cross appeals for keeping Yemen borders open to food, medicines","GENEVA (Reuters) - The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) called on Tuesday for all borders with Yemen to be kept open to allow vital food, health and medical supplies to enter the country reeling from war and a major cholera epidemic. The Saudi-led military coalition fighting against the Houthi movement in Yemen said on Monday it would close all air, land and sea ports to the Arabian Peninsula country to stem the flow of arms to the Houthis from Iran. The ICRC said a shipment of chlorine tablets to prevent cholera did not get clearance at Yemen s northern border, and it voiced fears for 50,000 vials of insulin for diabetics due to be delivered by next week, which require constant refrigeration. ",1
15455,"Kenya's Odinga says constitutional review, talks will pave way out of crisis","NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s opposition leader Raila Odinga said on Tuesday he wants an interim government to run the country for six months while the constitution is reviewed to curb the president s authority. Odinga told Reuters in an interview that he was open to talks with President Uhuru Kenyatta over a constitutional review aimed at lowering the risk of violence from minority groups who feel excluded from power.  Kenyatta was re-elected with 98 percent of the vote on Oct. 26 after Odinga boycotted the election, saying it would not be fair. The repeat presidential vote followed an election in August, which Kenyatta also won but which was nullified by the Supreme Court on procedural grounds.  Odinga s supporters have repeatedly protested against the results, and at least 51 people have been killed in the turmoil since August, generating an atmosphere of uncertainty in East Africa s richest economy.   A pure presidential system enhances ethnicity because each community believes that they are not safe unless their man is at the top,  Odinga said in the interview in his office.  Three of Kenya s presidents since independence from Britain in 1963 have been from the Kikuyu ethnic group and one has been from the Kalenjin group, although there are 44 recognized ethnic groups in the nation.  The current president is a Kikuyu and his deputy is a Kalenjin, and many of Odinga s supporters, who are largely drawn from other ethnic groups, say they feel excluded from power.  The 2010 constitution devolved some power and money to Kenya s 47 counties, spreading the opportunities for power and political patronage. But most of the budget and the power is still in the hands of the central government, something Odinga wants to change.   We had a new constitution that we enacted in 2010; we think that now it is time to revisit it,  he said.  A constitutional review could strengthen institutions like the election board and cut down the powers of the presidency, he said.  We think that maybe six months will be required to carry out all these changes that we need in this country.  Odinga served as prime minister in a coalition government that was crafted in 2008 after two months of violence following a disputed election killed 1,200 people. After the Oct. 26 election, Odinga s opposition alliance called for civil disobedience, including protests and a boycott of products and services by firms friendly to Kenyatta s government, to force reforms.  The opposition did not challenge Kenyatta s Oct. 26 victory at the Supreme Court and there has been no protest action, but voter and rights activists lodged cases on Monday. The court has 14 days to review them.  ",1
15456,Scotland apologizes to gay men for historical convictions,"EDINBURGH (Reuters) - Scotland s devolved government issued an apology on Tuesday to men convicted in the past for same-sex activity and passed a new law which will allow them to clear their names.  It is only right that we address this historic wrong,  First Minister Nicola Sturgeon told the Scottish parliament.  Discriminatory laws, although abolished, continue to have implications for people to this day,  she added.  The wrong has been committed by the state to them, not by the individuals.  She added:  I categorically, unequivocally and wholeheartedly apologize for those laws and for the hurt and the harm they did to so many.   Watching from the gallery, same-sex couples wept, held hands and applauded.  Consensual homosexual acts between men aged over 21 in Scotland were decriminalized in 1981.  (The) apology will give a great deal of comfort to many who were unjustly prosecuted and will help draw a line, once and for all, under a dark period in Scotland s history,  gay rights group Stonewall said in a statement.  The legislation  acknowledges the wrongfulness and discriminatory effect of past convictions for certain historical sexual offences  by pardoning people convicted of those offences and providing a legal process for convictions to be disregarded. In January, the UK government passed a similar law relating to England and Wales. ",1
15457,Voter confidence in UK handling of Brexit ebbs away: ORB poll,"LONDON (Reuters) - A record majority of Britons disapprove of Prime Minister Theresa May s handling of Brexit talks and they are increasingly skeptical that leaving the EU will make the country better off, an opinion poll showed on Tuesday. ORB International said 66 percent of people disapproved of the government s conduct of the negotiations, up from 64 percent last month.  The poll also showed only 27 percent were confident that May will get the right deal, compared with 47 percent who were not confident. Trust in May s handling of Brexit has evaporated since she gambled away her parliamentary majority in an election in June. With only 17 months left until Britain is due to exit the European Union, the lack of clear progress in the negotiations has raised fears of an abrupt departure with no transition that businesses say they need. For the first time, more Britons disagreed that Brexit will help the economy than agreed, ORB said.  There is no sign that the prime minister is beginning to turn things around when it comes to Brexit,  ORB said in a statement.  Overall these poll findings provide little encouragement for a prime minister facing multiple battles.  As well as trying to breath life into Brexit talks, May is dealing with a growing sexual harassment scandal in Britain s parliament. Without an overall majority, May cannot afford to lose parliamentary seats.  Businesses have expressed alarm at the progress of Brexit talks. On Monday, the Chartered Institute of Procurement and Supply said nearly two-thirds of European businesses planned to cut back orders from British suppliers. Last month finance minister Philip Hammond said a transition deal needed to be struck by early 2018. [nL8N1N95CL] ORB surveyed 2,044 people in an online poll between Nov. 3 and Nov. 5. ",1
15458,"Zimbabwe's Mugabe widens purge, clearing wife's succession path","HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe s sacking of his deputy Emmerson Mnangagwa was part of a wider purge, state media said on Tuesday, in a clear out analysts say is meant to neutralize any resistance to the political rise of his wife, Grace. Mugabe sacked his long-time ally Mnangagwa on Monday for showing  traits of disloyalty , abruptly removing a favorite to succeed the 93-year-old leader and boosting the likelihood of Grace Mugabe becoming his next deputy and potential successor. State television ZBC said the purge went beyond removing Mnangagwa, 75, as half of the ruling ZANU-PF s national provincial executives separately met and passed resolutions expelling supporters of the former vice president on Monday. ZANU-PF leaders in the eastern Manicaland region called for the expulsion of cyber security minister Patrick Chinamasa, a former finance minister before he was moved in a cabinet reshuffle on Oct. 9, ZBC said in an online report. Chinamasa, fellow cabinet ministers Oppah Muchinguri, Chris Mushohwe and 36 other party members and officials were accused of being Mnangagwa allies who were disrespectful to Mugabe.  The province recommended the expulsion of 39 individuals from the province who were involved with the Mnangagwa-aligned  Lacoste  faction, which is accused of not respecting the party s one center of power principle,  ZBC said. The three cabinet ministers did not respond to calls for comment. The process to weed out Mnangagwa allies was repeated in four other provinces, the state Herald newspaper said. A senior ZANU-PF official from Matabeleland South Province told Reuters that the provincial executive there had on Tuesday passed a resolution to fire 15 senior members linked to Mnangagwa, including state security minister Kembo Mohadi. Remaining provinces were holding separate meetings on Tuesday, two ZANU-PF sources in Harare told Reuters. Recommendations by the provinces will be discussed by ZANU-PF s supreme decision-making Politburo at its sitting next week and if adopted will seal the fate of the officials. International Crisis Group s southern Africa senior consultant Piers Pigou said purges of ZANU-PF members seen as supportive of Mnangagwa would neutralize any potential fight-back.   Survival is going to be the name of the game for many people,  he said. Five ZANU-PF provinces and the youth wing also recommended that Grace become vice president, ZBC said, opening the way for the first lady to serve next to her husband in government. Grace has said ZANU-PF plans to change its charter this month to allow Mugabe to appoint a female vice president at a special congress set for mid-December. ",1
15459,South Sudan commander defects to rebels amid showdown with ex-army chief,"MOYO, Uganda (Reuters) - A South Sudanese military commander said he had defected with more than 200 soldiers to the country s largest rebel group, amid a showdown between President Salva Kiir and his former military chief. Lieutenant Colonel Chan Garang, an ally of former army chief Paul Malong, defected to join the largest rebel group fighting Kiir, he said. All three men are ethnic Dinkas and any split within the powerful group could represent a threat to Kiir. The four-year civil war has split the country into a patchwork of fiefdoms, created Africa s biggest refugee crisis in two decades and led to ethnic cleansing. A third of the 12 million-strong population has fled their homes and half are dependent on food aid.  In May, Kiir fired Malong, whom U.N. investigators accused of directing ethnic militias responsible for the rape, torture and murder of civilians. Malong, who is also on a U.S. sanctions list, briefly fled north but returned to the capital, where he has been under house arrest ever since.  Over the weekend, Kiir s troops surrounded Malong s house in Juba and unsuccessfully attempted to disarm his bodyguards. An armed standoff continues outside his house. Garang is the first Malong loyalist to join the rebels.    Garang said he defected because allies of Malong s were being badly treated, troops had not been paid for seven months and other tribes were being discriminated against.   I left Juba because when are you are a supporter of Paul Malong, you will be arrested,  Garang told Reuters via satellite phone.  We are preparing our army so that we can launch an attack on Juba. Salva Kiir divided the tribes so we need him to go.  Garang told Reuters he took more than 200 soldiers with him, although a rebel press release put the number at 150. A photo provided by the rebels showed more than 30 armed men but their identities were unclear.  Army spokesman Lul Ruai Koang said they were not aware of any defection from their ranks. Malong was unreachable by phone, but his wife Lucy Ayak distanced her husband from the defected commander.      [Garang] is not happy with the government and he has deserted. Why is he saying it is the issue of General Malong?  she asked Reuters.  South Sudan s war began in December 2013 between troops loyal to Kiir and rebels of former vice president Riek Machar, a Nuer.  Oyet Nathaniel, a senior rebel official, told Reuters that Garang had brought 150 men with him and that anyone deciding to join them against Kiir is a  welcome development,  regardless of their background. There are several rebel groups, but none of them is well-funded or well-armed. (This version of the story was refiled to remove repetition in second to last paragraph) ",1
15460,"Trump to give major North Korea speech, then press China to do more","SEOUL (Reuters) - President Donald Trump will wrap up his visit to Seoul on Wednesday with a major speech on North Korea and then shift focus to China, where he is expected to press a reluctant President Xi Jinping to tighten the screws further on Pyongyang,  U.S. officials say. Trump s address to South Korea s National Assembly will come a day after he seemed to take a more balanced approach: threatening to use America s full military might against North Korea if needed, but also offering it a diplomatic opening to  make a deal  to end the nuclear standoff. While Trump presented no specific solution to his toughest global security challenge, his more conciliatory rhetoric toward North Korea could help lower tensions between Washington and Pyongyang that have put much of the east Asian region on edge over the prospects for military conflict. It contrasted markedly with Trump s earlier threats to  totally destroy  North Korea if it threatened the United States, and the personal insults he exchanged with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. It remains to be seen, however, whether the unpredictable Trump, in his final day on North Korea s doorstep, will build  on this approach or return to the bellicose language that has characterized his handling of the North Korean issue. Trump s official  talking points  for his Asia tour show that he intends to use the speech in part to contrast South Korea s  amazing rise  with North Korea s  sad, backward  state  and to urge resolve against Pyongyang, according to a confidential document reviewed by Reuters. He is also expected to condemn Pyongyang for its poor human rights record. Trump will then fly to Beijing where, according to senior administration officials, he will try to convince Xi to squeeze North Korea further with steps such as limits on oil exports, coal imports and financial transactions. Previewing his Beijing visit, Trump told a news conference in Seoul on Tuesday that China and North Korea s other giant neighbor, Russia, were among countries whose cooperation will be  crucial in getting North Korea to rein in its nuclear and missile programs.  President Xi   has been very helpful. We ll find out how helpful soon,  Trump said. But it is far from clear if Xi, who has just consolidated his power at a Communist Party congress, will agree to do more. China says its leverage over Pyongyang is exaggerated by the West, and points to its support in the U.N. Security Council for recent sanctions on North Korea as evidence that it is doing all it can to curtail the isolated nation s nuclear and missile tests.  On this issue, China s position and stance is already very clear and staunch,  Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said on Monday.  Everyone can see clearly that we don t need anybody to tell us what we should be doing.  But with Trump appearing to crack open the  door to diplomacy with North Korea   something that China has long urged   he may have a better chance of securing further promises to intensify economic pressure on North Korea, which relies on Beijing for more than 90 percent of its trade. North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, however, has seemed willing to risk snubbing China when he deems it useful as he pursues development of a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland. At the same time, Xi may be mindful that Trump has held off on trade actions against China that he loudly threatened during the 2016 presidential campaign to give Beijing more time to make progress on North Korea. For his part, Xi will also be looking to maintain the good personal chemistry the two leaders developed when Trump hosted him at the Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida in April. The  bromance  is set to continue when Xi returns the favor by laying on a lavish welcome for Trump s visit starting on Wednesday. Trump is expected to go to the Forbidden City, possibly guided by Xi, and participate in an inspection of Chinese troops, though China has released few other details. ",1
15461,Turkish court upholds 25-year jail term for opposition lawmaker,"ANKARA (Reuters) - A Turkish court rejected on Tuesday an appeals court order to retry a lawmaker from the main opposition party, upholding his 25-year jail term, CNN Turk reported. Enis Berberoglu became a symbol for more than 50,000 people detained in the wake of a failed coup in July 2016. The chairman of his secular Republican People s Party (CHP) held a 425 km (265 mile) protest march from the capital Ankara to Istanbul when Berberoglu was convicted and sentenced in June for military espionage. The court had said Berberoglu gave an opposition newspaper a video purporting to show Turkey s intelligence agency trucking weapons into Syria. The penal court had been ordered to retry Berberoglu last month, but it refused the order saying the upper court s decision to overturn was against procedure and law. Berberoglu was the first CHP lawmaker to be jailed in a crackdown by President Tayyip Erdogan s government that has raised concerns among Turkey s Western allies and rights groups. More than 150,000 people, including teachers, academics and lawyers, have also been suspended from their jobs. ",1
15462,Britain says minister's remarks offer no basis for action against jailed aid worker in Iran,"LONDON (Reuters) - Comments by British foreign minister Boris Johnson about the case of Iranian-British aid worker Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe can form no  justifiable basis  for further action against her, a spokesman said on Tuesday.  He reiterated his anxiety about the continued suffering of Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe and her family and hoped a solution would be reached soon,  the spokesman said about a phone call between Johnson and Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif earlier on Tuesday.  The foreign secretary concluded by emphasizing that his remarks could form no justifiable basis for further action in this case and urged the Iranian authorities to release Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe on humanitarian grounds.  ",1
15463,Britain's Johnson seeks to clarify remarks on jailed aid worker in Iran,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said on Tuesday that his remarks last week about a jailed Iranian-British aid worker could have been clearer, and said he had not wanted to add credence to Iranian allegations against her. On Nov. 1, Johnson said that Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe had been teaching people journalism before her arrest in Iran in April 2016.  The UK government has no doubt that she was on holiday in Iran when she was arrested last year and that was the sole purpose of her visit,  Johnson said.  My point was that I disagreed with the Iranian view that training journalists was a crime, not that I wanted to lend any credence to Iranian allegations that Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe had been engaged in such activity,  he said.  I accept that my remarks could have been clearer in that respect and I am glad to provide this clarification.  Johnson said he would travel to Iran in the coming weeks and discuss all consular issues there.  ",1
15464,Britain says expects most EU citizens can stay after Brexit,"LONDON (Reuters) - The British government said on Tuesday that most European Union citizens currently living in Britain will be allowed to remain in the country after Brexit in 2019. Outlining plans for a mass registration program, the Department for Exiting the European Union and the interior ministry said EU nationals will be given a two-year grace period to apply for settled status after Britain leaves the EU. The legal status and rights of EU nationals is one of the thornier issues in Britain s complicated exit from the bloc. There are about 3 million EU citizens living in Britain.  Caseworkers will be able to use discretion when processing applications, meaning they should not be refused for minor technicalities, and the majority would be granted, the departments said in a statement. The cost of an application should be no more than the cost of a British passport and EU citizens will also be given a statutory right of appeal if denied.   We have been clear that safeguarding the rights of EU citizens is our top priority in negotiations,  Brexit minister David Davis said.  We will support everyone wishing to stay to gain settled status through a new straightforward, streamlined system.  ",1
15465,Iran vying for leadership of Shi'ites in Iraq,"NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - In early September, Ayatollah Mahmoud Hashemi Shahroudi, a senior Iranian official and cleric, flew to the holy city of Najaf in southern Iraq. His entourage included a sizable security detail and the former head of the Revolutionary Guards, the most powerful military force in the Islamic Republic. Shahroudi, 69, spent several days on a charm offensive meeting officials, clerics and seminary students at his office near the golden dome shrine of Imam Ali, one of the world s holiest Shi ite sites. His aim was to raise his profile as a replacement for the top Shi ite cleric and most powerful man in Iraq: the 87-year old Ayatollah Ali Sistani, according to current and former Iraqi officials. While attention has focused on Iraq s battle against Islamic State, the country s future could equally hinge on what is happening in Najaf. With Sistani s advanced age and persistent rumors about his health, the question of his replacement has become more pointed. Iraqi Shi ite factions are jockeying to influence who replaces Sistani. Iran, whose population is mostly Shi ite, backs Shahroudi. Shahroudi could prove a controversial replacement for Sistani. Senior clergy in Najaf are wary of Iran trying to expand its influence and Shahroudi is viewed with some suspicion, although he could still build support among students. Since Sistani has distanced himself from Iranian politics some of his followers may not want a replacement who is close to Tehran. Sources in Najaf were unwilling to go on the record on a matter as sensitive as Sistani s successor, but a former senior Iraqi official told Reuters:  The Iranians will try their best.   It s not just religious, politics have become part of it. It will decide the fate of Iraq,  the official said. Iran has already expanded its influence in Iraq by helping the Shi ite-led government in Baghdad retake disputed areas from the Kurds. The head of the branch of the Revolutionary Guards responsible for operations outside Iran, Qassem Soleimani, personally convinced some Kurdish leaders to abandon their claim to contested towns, like the oil-rich Kirkuk. Attempts to reach Shahroudi and the Revolutionary Guards media office were unsuccessful, as were attempts to reach Sistani s office for comment. If Iran can influence who becomes the next top Shi ite cleric in Iraq, it could tighten its grip on power within the country for years. A senior cleric in Najaf who is sympathetic to the interests of Iran would also eliminate a rival to Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, who claims to be the leader of Shi ite Muslims worldwide. For years, Sistani, who has endorsed a religious and political viewpoint independent of Iran, has been Khamenei s top challenger for the leadership of the global Shi ite community. Sistani is rarely seen in public but his decrees are sacrosanct to his millions of Shi ite followers. Sistani s fatwa to rise up against the Sunni militants of Islamic State thwarted the group s push toward Baghdad in 2014. The cleric has also used his decrees to reduce sectarian violence in the country. Sistani opposed the secession of the Kurdish region after the referendum on independence in September but then urged Baghdad to protect Kurds after reports of abuses surfaced last month. Without Sistani s restraining influence, clashes are likely to break out between sects as well as among rival Shi ite groups, Iraqi officials and observers say.  Sistani is not just a poor guy sitting in a house. He can control millions of people,  the Iraqi former senior official said.  It will be a very bloody struggle after Sistani passes away.  Sources in Najaf expect Sistani to remain in his post until his death. There is no clear succession process, but Shahroudi would need to obtain the support of a large number of ordinary Shi ites, seminary students and other clerics. Shahroudi is no stranger to Najaf: he was born in the city to Iranian parents. In the 1970s he was jailed and tortured by Saddam Hussein s security forces because of his political activities. He moved to Iran after the Islamic revolution and has been promoted to top posts since Khamenei became supreme leader in 1989. Shahroudi was head of the Iranian judiciary for a decade and is currently the head of the Expediency Council, a body intended to resolve disputes between parliament and a hardline watchdog body, the Guardian Council. In public, Shahroudi is often seen sitting next to Khamenei. Shahroudi s visit is only one sign of how Tehran is trying to rally support for its candidate to replace Sistani. A company linked to the Revolutionary Guards is involved in a $300 million project to expand the Imam Ali shrine, making it the second largest Muslim holy site after Mecca in Saudi Arabia.  These projects create a state of dependency between recipients of aid and Tehran since they integrate the Iraqi infrastructure into the Iranian infrastructure network,  said Ali Alfoneh, an expert on the Guards at the Atlantic Council.  Furthermore, such activities provide a cover for the Islamic Republic s intelligence networks operating in Iraq.  In 2011, Shahroudi opened an office in Najaf and began paying clerical students stipends, which observers say was an attempt by Iran to increase its influence.  It was a provocative move,  said an Iraqi analyst familiar with the Shi ite clergy who asked not to be identified. Shahroudi subsequently opened offices in Baghdad and Karbala. He pays stipends to thousands of seminary students, according to Iraqi officials and clerical sources in Najaf.  Clerics often pay stipends to students to gather support, raise their profile and perhaps become accepted as a marja, or top cleric, observers say.  Iran is trying to influence the process of who comes after Sistani through the students,  said a Western diplomat in Iraq who did not have permission to speak on the record. Sistani is now the main sponsor of Shi ite clerical students, paying millions of dollars in Iraq and elsewhere. His son Mohammed Ridha oversees the financial and administrative work of his office.  Follow the dollars to see what will happen next,  said an Iraqi senior official familiar with the clerical politics of Najaf.  Mohammed Ridha Sistani controls all the cash.  Mohammed Ridha s work could position him to replace his father, observers say, though passing the religious mantle within a family would be unprecedented in Shi ite custom. Top contenders to replace Sistani in Najaf include three other marjas but they are old and there is no clear front-runner, according to clerical sources and Iraqi officials.  Nothing is fixed to make a decision for this procedure,  said Sheikh Ali Najafi, son of one of the top Najaf marjas.  While in Iraq, Shahroudi visited prime minister Haidar al Abadi in Baghdad. Iraqi officials said Sistani refused to see him in Najaf, but they do not expect the Iranians to give up. ",1
15466,"Former Welsh government minister, suspended in scandal probe, found dead","LONDON (Reuters) - Former Welsh government minister Carl Sargeant, who was suspended last week after allegations were made over his conduct with women, has been found dead, police said on Tuesday. Sargeant, 49, a member of the opposition Welsh Labour Party, told local media earlier this week that he wanted an urgent investigation into the allegations  in order to allow me to clear my name . In a statement, police said:  At approximately 11.30am today North Wales Police were called to a report that the body of a man had been found at an address in Connah s Quay.  The man has been formally identified as ... Carl Sargeant. North Wales Police are not treating his death as suspicious.  Welsh First Minister Carwyn Jones said in a statement:  Carl was a friend as well as a colleague and I am shocked and deeply saddened by his death.   No further details were immediately available on the nature of Sargeant s death. He was elected to the devolved Welsh Assembly in 2003 to represent Alyn and Deeside in northeast Wales and served as environment minister and Labour s chief whip. Britain s national parliament at Westminster has been rocked in recent weeks by allegations of sexual harassment against lawmakers in several parties.  ",1
15467,Vietnam releases water from brimming reservoirs as APEC summit nears,"DANANG, Vietnam (Reuters) - Vietnam released water from seven dangerously full reservoirs on Tuesday to avoid further flooding, after a weekend typhoon killed nearly 90 people. Authorities said particular effort was being made to avoid flooding around the city of Danang, which will host U.S. President Donald Trump, China s Xi Jinping and Russia s Vladimir Putin among Asia-Pacific leaders at a summit this week. Water was being released from seven reservoirs, in line with a flood relief plan, the Steering Committee for Disaster Prevention said, and observers had been posted at major reservoirs to monitor water levels constantly. Typhoon Damrey, which struck on Saturday, was the 12th major storm of the year. Eighty-nine people were known to have died because of the storm, 18 people were missing and 174 people were injured, the search and rescue committee said. As much as 1,700 mm (67 inches) of rain was recorded at one weather station in the week to Monday. Rains are expected to continue until Wednesday before reducing on Thursday.     Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) meetings began in Danang on Monday, and Trump, Xi and Putin are due to join other regional leaders at the main summit on Friday and Saturday. The schedule of meetings has not been disrupted by the rain, but the leaders  spouses may not be able to make a planned excursion to the UNESCO heritage town of Hoi An on Saturday. Waters in the streets rose to head height at the weekend, although they had subsided somewhat by Tuesday. Because of its long coastline, Vietnam is prone to destructive storms and flooding. Floods killed more than 80 people in northern Vietnam last month, while a typhoon wreaked havoc in central provinces in September.  The storm hit a key coffee-growing region of the world s biggest producer of robusta coffee beans near the start of the harvest. But farmers in Daklak, the heart of the region, said the damage was limited. ",1
15468,Islamic State claims attack on TV station in Afghan capital,"KABUL (Reuters) - Gunmen disguised as police killed a security guard and opened fire on staff at a private television station in the Afghan capital Kabul on Tuesday and Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attack. After a sporadic gun battle lasting about two hours, Afghan special forces suppressed the attack on Shamshad TV, a private Pashto-language broadcaster based close to the national stadium. Police said at least two people were killed and 20 wounded.  People dressed in police clothes came in and initially threw hand grenades, which killed one of our guards and wounded another,  Abed Ehsas, Shamshad s news director told broadcaster Tolo News TV.  Others got into our building and started firing. Some of our colleagues were hit, though, thank God, many others managed to get out. Some were wounded by gunshots, falling glass and when they jumped from higher floors.  Some two hours later the station, which had replaced regular programs with a still picture as the fighting went on, resumed normal service, its newsreader appearing with a bandage on a hand injured in the attack.. The attack, which underlined insecurity in Kabul, came on the day NATO announced an increase of some 3,000 troops in its Resolute Support mission in Afghanistan as part of a bid to break the stalemate with Taliban insurgents. Amid the crack of gunfire, a special forces unit blasted a hole in the concrete wall around the compound and entered the site as police blocked off surrounding streets. At least one attacker was killed during the operation, while another died at the compound entrance. In a statement on its news agency Amaq, Islamic State claimed responsibility, without giving evidence. The group, based mainly in the eastern province of Nangarhar, has claimed a number of attacks on civilian targets in Kabul but uncertainty remains over whether all the attacks the group claims are actually its work. Shortly after the beginning of the attack, the Taliban s main spokesman, Zabihullah Mujahid, issued an immediate denial of involvement. Suicide bombings are part of life in Kabul but the latest attack on journalists and media workers was described by human rights group Amnesty International as an  horrific crime .  The Afghan authorities must do what they can to protect the country s media, allowing them to work freely and without fear,  the group said in a statement. Last year a Taliban suicide bomber killed seven members of Afghanistan s largest private television station, Tolo. In May, Islamic State claimed responsibility for a suicide attack on state broadcaster RTA in the eastern city of Jalalabad.. Tuesday s attack took place about three weeks after a series of attacks including one on a Shi ite mosque in the city in which more than 50 people were killed. ",1
15469,Nigerian president says 'cannot afford' to return to Delta insecurity,"ABUJA (Reuters) - Nigeria s President Muhammadu Buhari said the country  cannot afford to go back to dark days of insecurity  in the oil-producing Niger Delta region. In a speech to present the 2018 budget, Buhari called on all sides to maintain dialogue.  Last week, the militant group Niger Delta Avengers threatened a  brutal and bloody  return to the violence that last year slashed oil output. Oil minister Emmanuel Ibe Kachikwu will visit the region this week in an attempt to maintain the ceasefire. Buhari also said the country s exemption from production cuts organized by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries was a significant help to the country during its  most challenging time.  ",1
15470,Scottish parliament says security incident is over,"EDINBURGH (Reuters) - The security incident at the Scottish parliament is over, a spokesman for the parliament said on Tuesday.  The MSP block is now open and members and their staff can return to their offices,  the spokesman said. The devolved parliament in Edinburgh was evacuated earlier after a package containing what was thought to be white powder was investigated by police. ",1
15471,"Putin, wary of political tumult, shuns Russian Revolution centenary","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Vladimir Putin stayed away from events marking the centenary of the Russian Revolution on Tuesday, an event that changed the world but has awkward associations for the former KGB operative who was trained to keep a lid on dissent, not celebrate it. In the Soviet era, missile launchers rumbled across Red Square on Nov. 7, Soviet leaders watched from atop the mausoleum of Vladimir Lenin   father of the Bolshevik Revolution   and the anniversary of the uprising was a public holiday. Red Square did host a military parade on Tuesday, but it was mainly a stylized historical re-enactment of a Soviet 1941 Second World War event and gave only a brief nod to the famous uprising. It was not shown live on state TV, and featured merely a brief segment on the 1917 revolution with Red Army soldiers. The centenary, Putin s spokesman said, was a routine working day for the president who had several Kremlin meetings. Accused by the opposition of having metamorphosed into a cross between a Soviet-style autocrat and a Tsar and eyeing possible re-election next year, the 65-year-old Russian leader has spent years preaching stability while denouncing uprisings in the former Soviet Union and the Middle East. Riot police have cracked down on a string of anti-government protests this year, carrying out mass detentions, and opposition leader and fierce Putin critic Alexei Navalny has been jailed three times for breaking public protest rules.      Putin, in his quest to weld a proud national identity, has cherry-picked parts of Russia s Soviet past, like its World War Two victory and its success in space. But while he does not stress Communism s role in those feats, he has sometimes struck an ambivalent tone, once calling the 1991 Soviet collapse the greatest geopolitical catastrophe of the twentieth century.    In rare comments on the subject ahead of the centenary, Putin made clear he thought it would have been better if the 1917 Revolution had never happened, and that he believed there was nothing to celebrate.  ... We see how ambiguous its results were, how closely the negative and, we must acknowledge, the positive consequences of those events are intertwined,  Putin told a gathering of academics last month.   Was it not possible to follow an evolutionary path rather than go through a revolution? Could we not have evolved by way of gradual and consistent forward movement rather than at the cost of destroying our statehood and the ruthless fracturing of millions of human lives?  Putin chose his words carefully. The centenary may leave him with mixed feelings, but it remains a hallowed anniversary for the Russian Communist party and for many older Russians. Although it is the second largest party in the lower house of parliament after the pro-Kremlin United Russia party, the Russian Communist Party wields little real influence today and votes with the Kremlin on most major issues. But its supporters, who held a week-long series of celebratory events to mark the revolution s centenary and were due to rally in Moscow later on Tuesday, believe their time will come again.  Capitalism is stumbling from one crisis to another,  veteran Russian Communist Party leader Gennady Zyuganov wrote in a centenary congratulatory note to his supporters.   We are convinced that the sun of socialism will once again rise over Russia and the whole world.  ",1
15472,Finland seeks jail for men accused of planning to join Syria militant group,"HELSINKI (Reuters) - Finland s state prosecutor on Tuesday said three Finnish men accused of planning to travel to Syria in 2013, join the Katiibat al-Mhajireen group and kill or assault Syrian government troops should be jailed for 18, 21 and 24 months. The men, aged 33, 33 and 37, have denied charges, saying they had no plans to join the group. The men told Helsinki district court they did not consider Katiibat al-Mhajireen to be a terrorist group. ",1
15473,Egypt Western Desert attack exposes front outside Sinai,"CAIRO (Reuters) - A deadly attack on the police in Egypt s Western Desert claimed by a new militant group risks opening up another front for security forces far beyond the remote northern Sinai, where they have battled a stubborn Islamic State insurgency since 2014. A little-known group called Ansar al-Islam claimed responsibility for the Oct. 21 attack. Analysts and security sources said the heavy weapons and tactics employed indicated ties to Islamic State or more likely an al Qaeda brigade led by Hesham al-Ashmawy, a former Egyptian special forces officer turned jihadist. President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi has already suggested fighters from Islamic State will move into Egypt and neighboring Libya now that the group in on the retreat in Iraq and Syria after a string of losses. Security is key for Sisi, a former military commander who presents himself as a bulwark against Islamist militants, as he looks set to seek re-election next year. Claims of a new front with possible ties to Ashmawy and al Qaeda would increase risks the security forces face in the Western Desert, where militants can already take advantage of the terrain and the porous Libyan border, security sources, analysts and residents say. Two security sources and a medical source said evidence showed one militant killed in a follow-up raid was a former military officer and second-in-command to Ashmawy, whose allegiance switched from Islamic State in the Sinai to al Qaeda, and who has been based in Libya since 2014.  If he has been involved with what appears to have been a heavily armed and wholly unexpected operation on the Egyptian side of the Egypt-Libya border, that s of great concern,  said H.A. Hellyer, an Egypt expert and senior non-resident fellow at the Atlantic Council. An interior ministry official said he could neither confirm nor deny the validity of the Ansar al-Islam claim as it was being investigated. Prosecutors are also investigating the attack.  Two Homeland Security officers said militants in the Western Desert appeared more professional than in Sinai. The officers, who work on gathering intelligence, said militants tied to Ashmawy could draw on experience of members who once were in the Thunderbolt elite army unit, or former police.  Ashmawy and four other former officers have experience in fighting, surveillance, and planning so the group they have with them is dangerous,  one officer said, referring to Ashmawy s brigade commanders.  It remains unclear exactly what happened when an Egyptian police convoy ran into an apparently well-planned ambush by a heavily armed militant group in a remote, desert area 135 km (85 miles) southwest of Cairo. Three security sources told Reuters at the time that dozens of police officers and conscripts were killed. But the interior ministry refuted that figure the next day and said 16 police and conscripts died, including some high-ranking officers. One part of the operation was hit by rockets and heavy weapons, officials and sources said. The lead and rear vehicles were hit first, immobilizing the convoy, security sources said. On Oct. 28, the interior ministry replaced several senior security officials in charge of the area where the attack happened, including a homeland security chief and a Giza province security chief, though no reason was given. On Oct. 31, the army launched air strikes against the militants it said were responsible, killing dozens and rescuing a kidnapped and wounded policeman. The new group gave no evidence of its Oct. 21 claim, and it said the oasis attack was the start of a campaign against Sisi s government. It gave a list of grievances but no evidence on the size of its operations or its abilities. Ansar al-Islam s statement was carried by another group with al Qaeda links, Guardians of Sharia, whose social media feeds also carry statements from al Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawahri. Three security sources in the Giza area said they believe the attack may have been the work of Ashmawy s militants. Egyptian authorities believe he fled to Libya in 2014. He has strong ties in the Libyan city of Derna, where he operates an al Qaeda cell with other former Egyptian officers.  He has been blamed for high-profile attacks such as the killing in June 2015 of Egypt s top public prosecutor in a car bomb. But moving into Egypt would also raise questions about whether he had shifted his area of operations. Both Islamic State and al Qaeda have brigades operating in North Africa, where they have competed for space in Libya, especially in Derna, and sometimes operated alongside each other in small brigades in countries like Tunisia and Algeria. Oded Berkowitz, an intelligence analyst for risk consulting group MAX Security, said assessing the new group s capabilities or loyalties was difficult, but there could be an effort by al Qaeda to benefit from Islamic State s decline to bolster its presence and recruits locally.  There is a strong al Qaeda presence in Libya that can support such an endeavor in Egypt. Usually, a militant group in decline (IS) and an increase in competition between two groups translates into a more aggressive stance, and attempts at larger and more quality attacks,  he said.   Egypt s security forces are battling several militant groups, but have been focused on an Islamic State affiliate that has killed hundreds of police and soldiers in the northern Sinai and has now begun staging attacks outside the peninsula. But the Western Desert, a vast region making up more than half of Egypt s territory, has always been a security headache with arms flowing across the frontier from Libya. Militant groups have found shelter across the border in the chaos that followed the fall of Muammar Gaddafi in 2011. Residents, businessmen and security sources around the area of the ambush say they have seen a heightened militant presence over the last two years, with militants sometimes openly driving along highways at night, and carrying out hit-and-run attacks.  It s closer for them to bring the weapons from Libya and it s closer for them to carry out their operations, then flee to Libya or hide out in the desert,  said one Egyptian military intelligence officer working in Farafra Oasis area near the Oct. 21 attack.   Egypt s continuing struggle against Islamist insurgencies at home contrasts with Islamic State s big losses in Iraq and Syria. In Libya s southern Sahara, Islamic State shows signs of a revival after losing Sirte city a year ago. U.S. forces carried out air strikes in Libya in September - the first for almost a year - to destroy an Islamic State camp. When Islamic State leader Abu Bakr Al-Baghdadi in September urged followers to stand fast after defeats in Iraq and Syria, he mentioned Sinai and Sirte as places where they should fight. Islamic State, which some experts had suspected was involved, included details of the Oct. 21 attack in its Al-Nabaa news bulletin, but without any claim of responsibility. The Western Desert attack came as Egypt hopes a peace agreement between Palestinian rivals Fatah and Hamas on the Gaza Strip across its Sinai border can help stabilize that area and curb supplies to militants on the peninsula.  Militants are able to move in the Western Desert easier than they do in Sinai, due to the open geographic nature,  one police officer working in the area said.  It s not like Sinai,  which you can cordon off.  Attacks in Egypt: tmsnrt.rs/2hO9VIQ ",1
15474,"Police examine three envelopes at Scottish parliament, one thought to contain white powder: source","EDINBURGH (Reuters) - Three similar envelopes, one believed to contain a suspicious white powder, were being investigated by police on Tuesday at the Scottish parliament, a source at the building said. The letters were addressed to Conservative lawmakers, Jamie Halcro Johnston, Liz Smith and Edward Mountain, the source said. One of the letters was only intercepted when opened by a researcher on the first floor of building while the other two letters had similar writing.  ",1
15475,China detains 10 North Koreans amid possible defector crackdown: sources,"SEOUL (Reuters) - Ten North Koreans, including a four-year-old child, have been detained in China, where they face being deported back to the North, two sources with direct knowledge of the situation told Reuters. The group was trying to defect to South Korea but were detained by Chinese police in the northeastern city of Shenyang in Liaoning province, according to the sources, both of whom requested anonymity citing the sensitivity of the situation. China s foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said in a daily news briefing on Tuesday she was unaware of details of the case. She said China consistently upholds the handling of such matters in accordance with domestic and international law and humanitarian principles. One of the two sources told Reuters on Tuesday he was able to confirm the group was in Shenyang until Monday morning,  but they seem to have been transferred elsewhere since then . The man only wanted to be identified by his surname Lee because his wife and four-year-old son were among the detained 10.  I told her to call again and was waiting and hoping she would find a safe place somewhere, but she never called me back,  Lee said. The group consisted of seven women and three men, Lee said. His wife and son had met the rest of a group at a safe house in Shenyang, but lost contact with him on Saturday, Lee said. A second source with direct knowledge of the situation confirmed the detention and said that China appeared to have intensified its crackdown on North Korean defectors in China, especially in the past two months. The New York-based non-governmental organization Human Rights Watch said in September that it had documented the arrests of 41 North Koreans in July and August alone - compared to the 51 cases the organization had identified over the July 2016 to June 2017 period.  Make no mistake: sending them back across the border makes Beijing complicit in the torture, forced labor and, in some cases, executions that others sent back to North Korea have faced,  Phil Robertson, Deputy Asia Director for Human Rights Watch, said in a statement about the most recent detention.  China should release this group of 10 North Koreans and let them proceed to a third country where they can receive the protection they urgently need,  Robertson said. China says North Korean defectors are illegal migrants who flee their country for economic reasons, and does not treat them as refugees. North Korea calls them criminals and describes those who try to bring them to South Korea as kidnappers. The vast majority of North Koreans who escape to China defect to South Korea where over 31,000 of them have resettled, according to South Korean government data. Safe passage for defectors fleeing oppressive North Korea often depends on their ability to make the grueling and at times dangerous trip across rural China without being detected. South Korean foreign ministry spokesman Roh Kyu-deok said Seoul was  closely monitoring  the latest case of the 10 North Koreans in China.  We re making diplomatic efforts with related countries so that the defectors will not be forcibly repatriated,  Roh said, declining to provide details citing safety concerns and  cooperative relations  with those countries. An official at the South Korean consulate in Shenyang said they had checked with local police regarding the whereabouts of the group, but had been unable to reach them. The official said it had  become even tougher  for defectors to cross the border into China following tightened security around the Chinese Communist Party congress last month. Last week, Seoul and Beijing agreed to move beyond a year-long stand-off over the deployment of a U.S. anti-missile system in South Korea - a factor which some observers worry may make Seoul more reluctant to raise the issue of deportations.  North Korean defectors and people working in the field are worried that South Korea isn t raising this issue with Beijing as strongly as before, as they are trying to improve relations,  said the second source with direct knowledge of the group detained in Shenyang. (This version of the story was refiled to correct age of child in paras 1 and 4 to four) ",1
15476,Estonia arrests suspected Russian FSB agent,"TALLINN (Reuters) - Estonia has detained a man suspected of being a Russian agent operating against the Estonian state, the prosecutor s office said on Tuesday. The man was stopped at the weekend as he prepared to leave Estonia for Russia from the north-east border town of Narva. He was formally charged on Monday in a Tallinn court.    A person, who is a Russian citizen, is suspected of acting as an FSB agent in the preparation of a computer crime against the Republic of Estonia,  the prosecutors office said.  The target of his action against Estonia was the Estonian state authorities.  No further details were given. Russia s Federal Security Service, or FSB, is a successor to the KGB, the Soviet Union s security service. Neither the FSB nor the Russian Foreign Ministry immediately replied to requests for comment.  Estonia, occupied by the Soviet Union until 1991 but now a member of NATO and the European Union, has a strained relationship with its powerful neighbor.   In May this year, Estonia expelled two Russian diplomats posted at Moscow s consulate in Narva for contacts with local officials that were considered inappropriate for diplomats.   Earlier in the same month, an Estonian court handed out a five-year prison sentence to a Russian national for spying for the foreign intelligence unit of the Russian armed forces.    ",1
15477,White powder sent to lawmaker caused Scottish parliament evacuation: source,"LONDON (Reuters) - Scotland s parliament was evacuated on Tuesday after a package containing white powder was sent to a Conservative Party lawmaker, a source at the parliament said. The source said the incident involved more than one suspicious package. ",1
15478,"French arrest nine, Swiss one in joint anti-terrorism swoop","PARIS (Reuters) - French police arrested nine people and another was arrested in Switzerland in coordinated counter-terrorism swoops that follow a spate of deadly attacks in Europe in recent years. Swiss officials said a 23-year-old Colombian woman was taken into custody after police raids there. A Swiss man aged 27 was among those arrested in parallel French police swoops linked to Islamist militant activity, they added. French police conducted simultaneous raids on premises on the eastern edge of Paris and in the southeastern region that borders Italy and Switzerland, taking nine people into custody, a source in the French judiciary said. Those arrested were aged from 18 to 65 years, said the French source, who spoke on condition of anonymity   standard practice for most French officials on such matters.      Le Parisien newspaper said it was possible the raids had thwarted an attack. The French judicial source spoke of suspected participation in a criminal terrorist network and of communications via the Telegram network that many militants use because messages can be encrypted.   A Swiss statement cited suspected involvement in terrorist activity and banned Islamist militant groups such as al Qaeda and Islamic State. The arrests took place a week after France introduced tougher national security laws to permanently replace emergency powers  given to police and intelligence services following deadly attacks by Islamist militants on Paris two years ago. More than 240 people have been killed in France since early 2015 in attacks by Islamist militants or assailants inspired by the Islamic State group, which has sought to establish a caliphate in Syria and Iraq and called for attacks on France. France is among countries contributing to military operations against Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. French Interior Minister Gerard Collomb, who says 32 attack plots have been thwarted in the past two years in France, played down the latest operation when asked about it during a visit to Berlin.  It s part of operations which, sadly, are conducted relatively regularly, where we arrest a number of people we consider dangerous,  he said. ",1
15479,Police at Scottish parliament after suspect package found,"EDINBURGH (Reuters) - Scottish police responded to an incident at the Scottish parliament building in the capital Edinburgh on Tuesday following the discovery of a suspicious package, they said.  Police in Edinburgh responded to the Scottish Parliament at around 11.35 a.m. on Tuesday 7th November following the discovery of a suspicious package,  police said in a statement.  The building has been evacuated as a precaution and inquiries are continuing.  ",1
15480,Border crossing closed as body of Pakistani diplomat shot in Afghanistan returned,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - The Khyber Pass border between Pakistan and Afghanistan was closed to all traffic on Tuesday for the return of a Pakistani diplomat who was shot dead in Afghanistan by unknown gunmen.  Pakistan summoned the Afghan charge d affaires in Islamabad to protest against the killing of consular official Nayyar Iqbal Rana on Monday near his residence in the eastern city of Jalalabad, Pakistan s foreign office said in a statement. Relations between Afghanistan and Pakistan have been going through a stormy period with tensions over the latest U.S. strategic plan for the region and disputes over the Torkham border crossing, which Pakistan has closed periodically.   We received the body of late Nayyar Iqbal Rana in Torkham today,  a government official in Torkham who asked not to be identified told Reuters.   The Pakistan-Afghanistan border was closed for all types of traffic.  Afghanistan s ambassador to Pakistan, Omar Zakhilwal, condemned the killing in a message on Twitter and said he had conveyed his government s sympathies to the ministry of foreign affairs in Islamabad. The killing comes around a week after the deputy governor of Kunar province in eastern Afghanistan was kidnapped near the Pakistani city of Peshawar, although there was no immediate indication of any connection between the two. ",1
15481,Gun from Greek PASOK shooting used in past guerrilla attacks -police,"ATHENS (Reuters) - Shots fired at riot police guarding the headquarters of Greece s Socialist PASOK party on Monday came from the same gun that one particular guerrilla group has used in attacks, police said. There were no injuries during the shooting, which occurred at a busy intersection in Athens at around 1745 GMT, when some 30 people were inside the party s offices. No one has claimed responsibility. Police found four shells at the spot and said tests showed they had been fired from a Kalashnikov AK-47 rifle. One bullet passed through a shop window and a second pierced a metal electricity pole. The same rifle had been used in at least two attacks claimed by left-wing guerrilla group Revolutionary Self-Defense, including one on the PASOK offices in 2014, police said. The group, which emerged during Greece s economic crisis, claimed an attack with a hand grenade on the French embassy in Athens last year.  The tests point at a certain direction and the government needs to act,  PASOK spokesman Pavlos Christides said. Small-scale attacks on businesses, police, politicians and embassies are relatively frequent in Greece. The country has a long history of political violence and is struggling to emerge from a huge debt crisis that has sent unemployment soaring and cut incomes. PASOK, a once dominant party that signed up to the country s first international bailout in exchange for austerity, holds a leadership contest on Sunday. It has seen its popularity wane since 2009 when it last won a national election with 43 percent.  Its headquarters are in the Athens neighborhood of Exarchia, the scene of regular confrontations between police and anti-establishment protesters.  (This version of the story was corrected to make clear that same rifle was used in past attacks) ",1
15482,Indonesian court recognizes native religions in landmark ruling,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesia s Constitutional Court on Tuesday affirmed the rights of devotees of faiths outside the country s officially recognized religions, in a move activists welcomed as a  new chapter for religious freedom .Against a backdrop of rising intolerance toward minorities in the world s largest Muslim-majority nation, the court said Indonesians would not be required to identify as either Muslim, Catholic, Protestant, Hindu, Buddhist or Confucian on their national identification cards.The ruling reviewed by Reuters followed a legal challenge by followers of some of Indonesia s indigenous faiths. Bonar Tigor Naipospos from the Setara Institute, a group that advocates for religious harmony, said Indonesians who refused to embrace one of the regulated religions on their identity cards had limited access to education, restricted employment opportunities and were denied legal marriage. The Court recommended that a seventh, catch-all category be created -  Believers of the Faith  - for ID cards. This is a new chapter for religious freedom in Indonesia for both government and followers of indigenous religions,  Naipospos said.  This is a door for the government to recognize their rights. A spokesman for Indonesia s president Joko Widodo could not immediately be reached for comment.Indonesia s founding constitution says the state is based on the belief in the  One and Only God  but guarantees  each and every citizen the freedom of religion and worship .However, blasphemy laws passed in 1965 stipulated only six religions would be protected. Subsequent regulations and laws effectively enshrined those as the only religions recognized by the state. The ruling (on Tuesday) means the end of Indonesia recognizing only six religions,  said Andreas Harsono of Human Rights Watch.In the 2000 census, about 400,000 people identified as holding beliefs outside the six main religions, although Harsono said this probably underestimated the extent of believers in non-recognized faiths.Across Indonesia s vast chain of islands, more than 200 distinctive native faiths, such as the Sundanese people s Wiwitan, the Dayak s Kaharingan and the Torajan s Aluk To Dolo survived even as Buddhism, Hinduism and Islam dominated during different eras.Its people also blended elements of the major religions over time and infused them with animist and mystical beliefs. The court ruling should also apply to followers of non-indigenous religions such as Baha i and Judaism that are not formally recognized in Indonesia, said Nia Sjarifudin of the Unity in Diversity Alliance.  In recent decades, Indonesia s reputation for tolerance has been tarnished as its unique syncretic form of Islam has been challenged by more fundamentalist interpretations imported from the Middle East.In the past year, an alliance of Islamist hardliners pushed successfully for the imprisonment of then Governor of Jakarta Basuki Tjahaja Purnama, an ethnic Chinese Christian, for insulting Islam under the 1965 blasphemy laws.Atheism is not legal in Indonesia, and non-believers have also been charged with blasphemy.     ",1
15483,Catalonia independence drive second largest concern after unemployment: poll,"MADRID (Reuters) - The independence drive in Spain s northeastern region of Catalonia has become the second largest worry for Spaniards, after unemployment, surging from the ninth biggest concern in September, an official poll showed on Tuesday. The political crisis between Catalonia and the central government reached a head Oct. 1 after regional leader Carles Puigdemont called a vote on independence, considered illegal by Madrid, then declared secession before being fired and replaced. Some 29 percent of those surveyed said that Catalonia s push for secession was Spain s largest problem in a poll taken Oct. 2 to Oct 11, up from just 7.8 percent in a previous poll taken at the beginning of September. Unemployment, the second highest in Europe, was still 66.2 percent of Spaniard s key concern. If a national election was held today, the ruling People s Party (PP) would hold on to its minority government, with 28 percent of the vote, according to the survey, down from 28.8 percent when it was last taken in July. Market-friendly Ciudadanos, originally based in Catalonia, saw support rise to 17.5 percent in October from 14.5 percent in July, while the Socialists would remain the second largest party in parliament with 24.2 percent compared to 24.9 percent previously.      Some 2,487 people were surveyed as part of the poll.  ",1
15484,"Swiss, French police team up for 'counter-terrorism' raids","ZURICH (Reuters) - A Swiss man and a Colombian woman were among people arrested in Switzerland and France on Tuesday in raids against people suspected of breaking laws banning Al Qaeda and Islamic State, the Swiss attorney general s office (OAG) said. The man, a 27-year-old with Swiss nationality, was swept up in arrests in France, while the 23-year-old Colombian woman was detained in Switzerland in the investigation that began in June 2016, the OAG said, describing the probe as a coordinated  counter-terrorism  operation.  The OAG added it had no indication that any  concrete action  or attack had been planned in Switzerland. ",1
15485,Philippines starts construction near China's manmade islands in disputed waters,"MANILA (Reuters) - The Philippines has started upgrading military facilities on the biggest features it occupies in the disputed South China Sea, its defense secretary said on Tuesday, asserting Manila s claims in the strategic waterway. Delfin Lorenzana said a contractor was building a beach ramp on Thitu Island, locally known as Pag-asa (hope), the largest of nine features the Philippines holds in the Spratly islands.  While construction is ongoing, albeit intermittently, depending on good weather, we expect its completion by early 2018,  Lorenzana said, adding the monsoon rains have been hampering the building of the beach ramp.  No construction can proceed without a good beaching ramp.  China claims almost the entire South China Sea, but Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam also have claims on the waterway where more than $3 trillion worth of sea-borne goods pass every year. Recent satellite imagery has shown Chinese vessels gathering around Thitu, in what some experts say could be an attempt to deter the Philippines from cementing its claim. China s ambassador has played that down, insisting his country has no ill intent. The two countries have long been at odds over the South China Sea, although ties have warmed substantially under Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who says it is smarter to do business with China than pick a fight with its far superior military.  Lorenzana said the ramp was important to allow large naval ships to deliver construction materials to repair and upgrade the island s airfield, fix structures and build a new port for fishermen. A small community lives on Thitu, ostensibly to prop up the country s claim, although conditions are basic compared to those enjoyed by Vietnamese and Chinese on other islands in the Spratly chain. Defense department spokesman Arsenio Andolong said the government would spend more than 1.3 billion pesos ($25.3 million) for the upgrades on Thitu. The military has defended the work, saying almost of all South China Sea claimants have been doing the same.  China has built seven artificial islands, installing radar and anti-aircraft guns and missiles on several. Experts have predicted fighter jets will soon be deployed on those islands. ",1
15486,Germany's Free Democrats forfeit demand for large tax relief,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) will have to accept smaller income tax cuts than they had previously wanted, their leader said on Tuesday, signaling compromise in discussions with two other parties on forming a new government. FDP leader Christian Lindner said his party would not be able to push for tax relief totaling 30-40 billion euros  ($35-46 billion) and will instead seek to get the Greens and the conservatives to accept an abolition of the  solidarity tax  introduced after reunification in 1990 to support poorer eastern states. ",1
15487,Iran urges Europe to push business ties as U.S. brings nuclear deal into doubt,"PARIS (Reuters) - Europe must make clear how it will react if the United States pulls out of the multinational nuclear deal with Iran and do more to encourage international banks to return to the country, a senior Iranian official said on Tuesday. Last month, U.S. President Donald Trump broke ranks with European allies, Russia and China by refusing to re-certify Iran s compliance with its 2015 nuclear deal with world powers, reached during Barack Obama s tenure. The Republican president gave Congress 60 days to decide whether to re-impose economic sanctions on Iran, lifted under the pact in exchange for scaling down a program the West fears was aimed at building a nuclear bomb, something Tehran denies. European leaders say they are determined to keep alive the accord which offered Iran an economic lifeline and opened new investment opportunities for European businesses. But the official, who declined to be identified, said Tehran expected Europe to be more proactive in explaining its stance should the United States pull out.  If they want to wait until Trump decides to make a decision it will be too late,  the official said, speaking in English.  For the time being we are hearing from Europe that they want to stick to (the nuclear deal), but if Trump decides otherwise they have no other ammunition.    It is important for European countries to work with Iran,  the officials said, adding that European capitals needed to stick to their commitments  not just in words but in practice .  The official described the lack of big multinational banks returning to Iran as a  deficiency  saying that Europe had committed as part of the deal to normalize business ties with Iran, which he said was still not the case.   When Total comes to Iran to sign an agreement with Iranian entities they do not use French banks. They use others. Why?  The official reiterated that Iran would not be first to leave the deal and accused the Trump White House of deliberately creating uncertainty for foreign firms eyeing new investments in Iran.   We consider the American approach to the JCPOA (nuclear agreement) as dishonest,  the official said in Paris. ",1
15488,Lebanon PM under house arrest in Saudi Arabia: pro-Hezbollah paper,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Saad al-Hariri, who quit as Lebanese Prime Minister in a weekend broadcast from Saudi Arabia, has been held under house arrest in the kingdom, a pro-Hezbollah daily said on Tuesday citing unnamed sources. Hariri s office and Saudi-owned media said he flew to the UAE, a Saudi ally and fellow Gulf monarchy, on Tuesday. Aides to Hariri, Lebanon s most influential Sunni politician and a close Saudi ally, have denied claims that he was detained.  Lebanese newspaper al-Akhbar, which is aligned with the Shi ite militant group and political movement Hezbollah, said Hariri  was placed under house arrest hours after arriving in Riyadh last Friday  and had remained in detention since.  On Monday, Saudi Foreign Minister Adel Jubeir dismissed as  nonsense  allegations that the kingdom forced Hariri to resign, and said he was free to leave at any time. Speculation in Lebanon over Hariri s status continued even after Saudi media showed him meeting with King Salman and reported him leaving for the UAE. Hariri s resignation has thrust Lebanon back onto the frontline of the rivalry between Sunni Saudi Arabia and Shi ite Iran that has also wrought upheaval in Syria, Iraq, Yemen and Bahrain.  The coalition government, which Hariri s shock resignation collapsed, included Iran-backed Hezbollah. His declaration came as Saudi Arabia undertook an anti-corruption purge in which royals, ministers and investors have been arrested as the putative next king tightens his grip on power. In a dramatic escalation of the crisis, Saudi Arabia accused Lebanon on Monday of declaring war because of aggression by Hezbollah. Hezbollah leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah accused Riyadh last week of forcing Hariri to step down, and said there were  legitimate questions  over whether he had been detained. The al-Akhbar newspaper said that a Saudi security team had been supervising Hariri, citing unnamed sources close to him. The prime minister, whose family made their fortune in the Saudi construction industry, had very limited access to his phones, it said on Tuesday.    Fouad Siniora, a former prime minister and senior member of Hariri s political party, said Hariri would return to Lebanon.  ",1
15489,"Saudi Arabia says Lebanon declares war, deepening crisis","BEIRUT (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia accused Lebanon on Monday of declaring war against it because of aggression by the Iran-backed Lebanese Shi ite group Hezbollah, a dramatic escalation of a crisis threatening to destabilize the tiny Arab country. Lebanon has been thrust to the center of regional rivalry between Saudi Arabia and Iran since the Saudi-allied Lebanese politician Saad al-Hariri quit as prime minister on Saturday, blaming Iran and Hezbollah in his resignation speech.    Saudi Gulf affairs minister Thamer al-Sabhan said the Lebanese government would  be dealt with as a government declaring war on Saudi Arabia  because of what he described as aggression by Hezbollah. Faulting the Hariri-led administration for failing to take action against Hezbollah during a year in office, Sabhan said  there are those who will stop (Hezbollah) and make it return to the caves of South Lebanon , the heartland of the Shi ite community. In an interview with Al-Arabiya TV, he added:  Lebanese must all know these risks and work to fix matters before they reach the point of no return.  He did not spell out what action Saudi Arabia might take against Lebanon, a country with a weak and heavily indebted state that is still rebuilding from its 1975-90 civil war and where one-in-four people is a Syrian refugee. There was no immediate comment from the Lebanese government.  Hezbollah is both a military and a political organization that is represented in the Lebanese parliament and in the Hariri-led coalition government formed last year. Its powerful guerrilla army is widely seen as stronger than the Lebanese army, and has played a major role in the war in neighboring Syria, another theater of Saudi-Iranian rivalry where Hezbollah has fought in support of the government. Lebanese authorities said on Monday the country s financial institutions could cope with Hariri s resignation and the stability of the Lebanese pound was not at risk. But the cash price of Lebanon s U.S. dollar-denominated bonds fell, with longer-dated maturities suffering hefty losses as investors took a dim view of the medium- to longer-term outlook for Lebanon. Hariri cited a plot to assassinate him during his unexpected resignation speech broadcast from Saudi Arabia which caught even his aides off guard. He also slammed Hezbollah and Iran, accusing them of sowing strife in the Arab world. Hezbollah leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah has said he will not comment on Hariri s speech, calling it a  Saudi statement  and saying Riyadh had forced Hariri to resign. The sudden nature of Hariri s resignation generated speculation in Lebanon that his family s Saudi construction business had been caught up in an anti-corruption purge and he had been coerced into resigning.  Saudi Foreign Minister Adel Jubeir said it was  nonsense  to suggest Hariri had been coerced into quitting in a CNN interview on Monday. Hariri had quit because Hezbollah had been  calling the shots  in the government, he said. Hariri, a Saudi citizen, was free to leave the country at any time, he said. Interior Minister Nohad Machnouk, a senior member of Hariri s political party, said he was under the impression Hariri would return to Beirut within days.  A meeting between Saudi King Salman and Hariri in Riyadh on Monday proved  rumors  wrong, he said - an apparent reference to speculation that Hariri was detained or forced to quit.    Earlier on Monday, President Michel Aoun, a political ally of Hezbollah, appealed for national unity. Parliament Speaker Nabih Berri, another political ally of Hezbollah, said in a televised statement after meeting Aoun it was too early to talk about forming a new government. The crisis could re-aggravate tensions between Sunni and Shi ite Muslims and afflict Lebanese government with paralysis once again. All of the sides have called for calm and there has been no sign of unrest since Hariri s resignation. The Hariri-led government took office last year in a political deal that made Aoun president. The deal ended years of deadlock, and last month it produced Lebanon s first budget since 2005. Hariri flew to Saudi Arabia on Friday after meeting in Beirut the top adviser to Iran s Supreme Leader, who described the coalition as  a victory  and  great success  afterwards. ",1
15490,Moody's warns new Lebanon political vacuum would be 'credit negative',"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Rating agency Moody s warned on Tuesday that reopening Lebanon s political vacuum after the resignation on Saturday of prime minister Saad al-Hariri would damage the tiny country s credit rating.   A drawn-out political stalemate less than a month after the government passed its first budget in 12 years would undermine recent institutional improvements and expose the banking system to a loss in confidence,  it said in an emailed note.   Any loss of confidence in the banking system or in the  stability of Lebanon s institutions leading to a significant slowdown in private sector deposit inflows or outright outflows would be credit negative,  it added.  Lebanon s central bank governor, finance minister and banking association head have all issued statements assuring that Lebanon s monetary and financial situation is stable.  The country s fragile economy has one of the world s highest debt-to-GDP ratios and is underpinned by its banking system.  Hariri resigned in a televised broadcast from Saudi Arabia on Saturday, taking Lebanon s political elite by surprise, and plunging Beirut into a political crisis.  President Michel Aoun has said he will not accept Hariri s resignation until he returns to Lebanon to explain his reasons, putting off the difficult political consultations among Lebanese factions to form a new government.  As the most influential politician in the Sunni community, which in Lebanon s sectarian system must fill the position of prime minister, Hariri has no obvious successor.  ",1
15491,Japan nuclear regulator says restart approval pace unlikely to speed up,"TOKYO (Reuters) - The pace of approvals for nuclear reactor restarts in Japan, where most plants remain shut following the Fukushima disaster, is unlikely to pick up in the coming years, the new head of Japan s nuclear regulator said in an interview on Tuesday. The comments from Nuclear Regulation Authority (NRA) Chairman Toyoshi Fuketa suggest Japan may not make headway in meeting its electricity generation targets. By 2030, the country was expecting nuclear to power about one-fifth of its generation. However, utilities are having difficulty grappling with tougher rules on protecting reactors from natural disasters in the earthquake-prone country. Following the Fukushima nuclear disaster in 2011, the world s worst since Chernobyl in 1986, the NRA was set up in 2012 to draft new safety standards that have been described as among the world s toughest. Since then, 12 reactors at six nuclear plants have passed the safety requirements needed to restart, but only four reactors are currently operating. One more reactor that resumed operations after meeting the requirements has been shut down for scheduled maintenance.  Most of the approvals have been for reactors in western Japan and not on the east coast where Tokyo Electric Power Co s Fukushima Daiichi station was located. The plant suffered multiple reactor meltdowns after an earthquake on the northeast coast caused a tsunami that swamped the site.  We have accumulated experience in safety reviews, but comparatively speaking, many of the plants in eastern Japan that we are reviewing now have difficult natural conditions,  Fuketa, 60, said in the interview.  It s doubtful the pace of approvals would quicken.  A majority of Japanese oppose nuclear power after Fukushima and restarts are a delicate political issue rather than just a matter of meeting technical safety requirements. When asked if he could place a number of how many reactors may be approved for a resumption of operations in the next five years, Fuketa said:  I honestly do not know.  About a dozen other reactors are going through safety checks as part of a relicensing process under the new rules. Fuketa is known for taking tough positions during safety reviews of reactors and has been instrumental in directing the clean-up of the wrecked Fukushima plant. Japan s government set an energy mix plan in 2015 that forecasts relying on nuclear power to generate between 20 to 22 percent of the country s electricity in 2030. That requires having about 30 reactors operating by then. Japan s nine regional power utilities and a wholesaler, Japan Atomic Power Co, have 42 nuclear reactors for commercial use, with a total generating capacity of 41,482 megawatts. ",1
15492,Philippine drugs board chief quits after contradicting Duterte,"MANILA (Reuters) - The head of the Philippines  narcotics control body has resigned after just five months in the job, the second successive official to vacate the post for making statements contracting President Rodrigo Duterte. Retired army general Dionisio Santiago on Tuesday said he quit as chairman of the Dangerous Drugs Board after receiving a call from Duterte s executive secretary, a few days after he publicly said the construction of a 10,000-bed  mega drug rehab  facility was a mistake. Countering illicit drugs is the centerpiece policy of Duterte s presidency and he has repeatedly threatened to kill dealers and users and said he was willing to be jailed for it. His crackdown has killed thousands of Filipinos, but the administration insists it is committed to arresting dealers and rehabilitating users, citing the new facility and the voluntary surrender of 1.3 million addicts and pushers as a sign of its positive intent.  My rule is the boss is always right and if you think the boss is not right, refer to rule No. 1,  Santiago told Radyo Inquirer, adding he had already submitted a two-sentence resignation letter. Santiago had said the government may have miscalculated with the rehab center and should have pursued a practical community-based rehabilitation program. Fewer than 500 people have been admitted to the facility, which was launched last year amid great fanfare and was funded by a wealthy Chinese businessman. Duterte gave Santiago the job in June after the former head was forced to quit after disputing the president s repeated statements that there were more than four million Filipino drug addicts. Duterte has never disclosed the source of that information and some experts say it is exaggerated. Separately, Duterte s new health minister, Francisco Duque, on Tuesday voiced his approval for using marijuana  only for research purposes  in medicine.  He said he would prefer marijuana in  pharmaceutical form  if the country legalized its use.  If it is in raw form, it is uncontrolled, subject to abuse, addiction,  he said at his first news conference.  That is where, I believe, the risks are more profound.  There is a pending bill in Congress to legalize and regulate the medical use of cannabis. ",1
15493,The battle for minds: Britain expands project on mental health in terrorism,"LONDON (Reuters) - A project looking at links between mental health and terrorism in three English cities has been expanded nationwide after it found a significant number of people referred to counter-radicalization programs suffer some form of mental illness. Studies have suggested the prevalence of mental health issues among militants working together on major strikes is very low but a string of killings by so-called lone wolves has fueled concerns mental illness could be a factor behind some attacks. Authorities say some of those involved in four attacks in Britain this year blamed on Islamist militants appeared to people who had self-radicalized via the internet and whose mental state had been questioned. To look more closely at the issue, British police launched pilot programs in April last year in England s three biggest urban areas - London, Birmingham and Manchester - to embed mental health experts with counter-terrorism officers. The aim was to give psychiatrists the chance to identify people referred to Britain s counter-radicalization program Prevent who had mental health issues, and treat them.  Anecdotally, I am surprised that there appears to be a much higher prevalence of people with mental health problems than you would expect,  said Professor Jennifer Shaw, the mental health lead for Greater Manchester Police, referring to the people her team had dealt with since the pilot was launched. The hubs are considered so successful by the government they have been expanded nationwide, Shaw, professor of forensic psychiatry at the University of Manchester, told Reuters. But such is the secrecy around the work of Prevent and Channel - a de-radicalization program within the overall project - there are few details about its successes or failings and Shaw s work has not previously been discussed in the media. Some psychiatrists argue that no scientific link between mental health issues and terrorist attacks has yet been established and they worry the programs risk stigmatizing people suffering from mental illnesses. Another psychiatrist gathering data under the pilot programs told Reuters that Britain s Office for Security and Counter-Terrorism had told them not to disclose any details of their findings ahead of a final report. Those findings are expected to be among a raft of data about people referred to Prevent due to be released this week. Britain s interior ministry did not respond to requests for comment. Dr Adrian James, registrar at Britain s Royal College of Psychiatrists (RCP), said the link between mental health problems and terrorist acts had not been established.  He said a lack of evidence, partly because militant attacks were so rare, was at the heart of the problem, adding that an unnecessary level of secrecy about Prevent also meant many psychiatrists viewed the program with suspicion.  If it is true that there is a link, we need to know and then need to look at the causes of that and what we can do about them,  James told Reuters.  We just want the facts.  Past studies have disagreed about the significance of mental health issues among lone wolf attackers, with some academics concluding that such illnesses are blamed to try to explain often complex reasons for attacks. British police decided to launch the pilot programs because they believed that roughly half the 7,500 people referred to Prevent each year had a broad range of mental health and psychological difficulties. Those working on the pilot projects hope the information being gathered will now help experts assess any possible links between mental health issues and attacks. Shaw said determining who might be a potential attacker from mental health problems alone was not really feasible and fraught with problems, but she said it might be possible to ascertain the characteristics of people most likely to be at risk and ensure they got appropriate help.  That doesn t mean you can t manage the risks. Trying to nip it in the bud, that s all you can do. But that s good if you can achieve that, it s going a long way,  said Shaw. Police officers say they have struggled in the past to reach medical practitioners when they had concerns about some people and Shaw said the pilot was designed to address those worries. According to one of Shaw s case studies, a man went to a hospital saying he monitored Islamic State websites, had been walking around the city center working out how many people he could kill in a gun attack, and wanted to behead his mother. Shaw s team discovered the man had no contact with mental health services and no diagnosis of any illness. An urgent assessment concluded his anger stemmed from experiences in his childhood and safeguarding measures were put in place.  British police have no doubts about the importance of the work, especially given the global shift from carefully planned spectacular attacks by militant networks to unsophisticated, strikes by individuals using cars and knives as weapons. Mark Rowley, Britain s most senior counter-terrorism officer, told the British Medical Journal in April that a disproportionate number of suspects in 13 attacks foiled by British police since 2013 had mental health issues.  If part of the terrorist methodology is to prey on the vulnerable ... then it stands to reason that there will be people with certain mental health conditions who will be ... susceptible to that,  he said.  Radicalizing and inciting someone who is vulnerable to go and carry out some ghastly attack seems to be part of their tactics, and that has brought in a whole load of vulnerability issues, including mental health, that we now have to wrestle with,  said Rowley. A study by University College London s (UCL) Department of Security and Crime Science looked at 55 attacks involving 76 individuals between May 2014 and September 2016 where reports had shown the perpetrators may have been influenced by IS. The study found 34 percent of those involved in attacks inspired by Islamic State - rather than actually directed by the militant group - had mental health issues. Health experts estimate about one in four people will suffer some form of mental health issue and those with mental illnesses are generally less likely to commit violent crimes than the overall population. Shaw said those with mental health issues and developmental disorders referred to her team at Prevent were more likely to be suffering from psychosis and autism, adding that people with serious mental illnesses often had tiny social networks.  They can therefore, when unwell, be influenced by messages that go out that say come and belong to our group. It can be quite compelling. The same for people with autism. The internet kind of way of getting the message out makes those people, particularly vulnerable. So I think that s a big issue.  Psychiatrists worry that all people with mental health issues could be stigmatized and considered potential militants, possibly deterring them from seeking help. Prevent, one of the four strands of Britain s counter-terrorism strategy known as Contest launched in 2003, has also been dogged by claims it is used to spy on Muslim communities. A government edict in 2015 instructing public bodies such as schools, health workers and universities to raise any concerns they have about individuals with the authorities has exacerbated those concerns. Shaw acknowledged more work was needed on the outcomes of their mental health interventions under the Prevent pilot programs to determine what made a difference. Asked if people her team had treated might have committed violent acts if their conditions had not been addressed, she said:  That is the obvious question. You can t say that in any kind of scientific way.  We re attempting to try and get at that. Is it completely to do with their mental illness, half to do with it, or not at all?  said Shaw.  We have had cases where people have had ideologies, they have also had a mental health problem, and they are not linked at all. The last thing we need is  all these bombers are nutters . We don t want that going on.  ",1
15494,"Indian forces kill militant leader's nephew in Kashmir, police say","SRINAGAR, India (Reuters) - Indian soldiers killed a relative of a top Pakistan-based militant in a gunbattle in southern Kashmir, police said on Tuesday, increasing the pressure on the leader whom it wants placed on an international blacklist. India, backed by the United States, has been trying to get Maulana Masood Azhar on a U.N. list of groups and individuals with ties to al Qaeda, blaming his group for a series of attacks in India, including one on its parliament in 2002 and another last year on an airbase. On Monday, soldiers surrounded a village in Pulwama district and killed Talha Rasheed, a nephew of Azhar, along with two associates in the gunfight, police inspector general Muneer Khan said.  They were all members of the Pakistan-based Jaish-e-Mohammad group. India has long accused Pakistan of harboring militant groups and giving them material support to carry out a 28-year armed revolt in disputed Kashmir. Pakistan denies the allegations and says it is doing more than any other country in fighting militant groups. Masood has become a thorny issue between India and China which has blocked its repeated requests to sanction him under the UN list of terrorists. ",1
15495,U.S. to stage drill with three carriers as Trump visits Asia,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Three U.S. aircraft carrier strike groups will exercise together in the Western Pacific in the coming days in a rare show of force as President Donald Trump visits Asia with warnings about the nuclear threat from North Korea, U.S. officials say. The drill will include the USS Nimitz, the Ronald Reagan, the Theodore Roosevelt and their accompanying warships, the first time three U.S. aircraft carrier strike groups have exercised together in the region in a decade. A Japanese destroyer, the Inazuma, will join the armada, two Japanese government officials said, following a separate three-day exercise with the Reagan and two Indian warships in the Sea of Japan that ended Monday.    U.S. officials have previously said the drill was under consideration and that planning was under way. The decision to soon go forward with the exercise in the Western Pacific has not been previously published. The four U.S. officials and two Japanese sources who discussed the drill with Reuters spoke on condition of anonymity, and did not disclose the precise date or location of the exercise. The Pentagon and the Navy s Pacific Fleet declined comment on future operations. Reuters was not aware of any plans for Trump to visit the carriers. Trump has reiterated his tough rhetoric against North Korea over its nuclear and missile programs since starting a 12-day trip to Asia on Sunday. Speaking in Tokyo on Monday, Trump renewed his warning that the  era of strategic patience  with North Korea was over. The U.S. leader, who began a visit South Korea on Tuesday, has rattled some allies with his vow to  totally destroy  North Korea if necessary to defend the United States or its allies, and with his dismissal of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un as a  rocket man  on a suicide mission. Kim has called Trump a  mentally deranged U.S. dotard.  The last time three U.S. carrier strike groups exercised together was in 2007, when the Nimitz, along with the John C. Stennis and Kitty Hawk carrier strike groups participated in drills near Guam. Such large-scale drills serve as a potent reminder of the U.S. ability to rapidly mobilize military force, a capability  the Trump administration has been keen to emphasize as Pyongyang races ahead with tests to build a nuclear-tipped missile capable of striking the United States. Since taking office, Trump has vowed to expand the fleet of U.S. carriers, even as some military strategists and experts believe the massive ships would be increasingly vulnerable to modern Chinese and Russian weapons in any conflict. Singapore-based military expert Tim Huxley said the presence of the U.S. carriers still sent an unmistakable message, with each one carrying 70-odd aircraft.    Beyond the capability to project military power at great range, their ability to project political and psychological power is arguably unmatched, and we are seeing that play out,  said Huxley, of the International Institute for Strategic Studies.  While in a war against China, U.S. carriers might be vulnerable, they wouldn t be in any conflict against North Korea...and three U.S. carriers can deliver a tremendous amount of airpower.  Carrier commanders say the strike groups are kept combat ready at all times, with jet fighters and surveillance planes flying constantly from their flight decks to maintain a protective screen. U.S. defense officials noted recently the presence of the three U.S. carriers in the region was reassuring allies, even though it was long scheduled.  It does demonstrate a capability that no other nation in the world can do,  Joint Staff Director Lieutenant General Kenneth McKenzie Jr said earlier this month. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying called for restraint during a regular news briefing on Tuesday when asked about the carriers, saying the situation on the Korean peninsula was complex and severe.  All relevant sides should exercise restraint, avoid irritating each other, dedicate themselves to lowering the tense situation on the peninsula, and at the same time make positive efforts to get the North Korean nuclear issue back on a track to a resolution via talks as soon as possible,  Hua said, reiterating the long-held Chinese position. The CIA has said North Korea could be only months away from developing the ability to hit the United States with nuclear weapons, a scenario Trump has vowed to prevent. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, on a trip late last month to South Korea, was at pains to stress that diplomacy was America s preferred course to get North Korea to give up its nuclear weapons. Still, he warned Pyongyang that its military was no match for the U.S.-South Korean alliance, and that diplomacy was most effective  when backed by credible military force.  ",1
15496,Lebanon's Hariri leaves Saudi Arabia for UAE trip,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri, who sparked a political crisis on Saturday by declaring his surprise resignation in Riyadh, has traveled to the UAE, Saudi-owned media said on Tuesday.  His resignation has thrust Lebanon back onto the front line of the Middle East s most biting rivalry, pitting a mostly Sunni bloc led by Saudi Arabia and including the UAE against Shi ite Iran and its allies.  On Monday Saudi Arabia accused Lebanon of declaring war against it because of aggression by Iran s Lebanese ally Hezbollah, dramatically escalating the crisis and threatening to destabilize tiny Lebanon. The ratings agency Moody s has said that any return in Lebanon to the political paralysis that existed before Hariri joined a national unity government last year would harm its credit rating. The sudden nature of Hariri s resignation has also fueled speculation in Lebanon that he was coerced into quitting and has been held against his will. Saudi Arabia has denied this. Hariri, a political ally of Saudi Arabia, left Riyadh early on Tuesday for Abu Dhabi to meet the United Arab Emirates Crown Prince Mohammed bin Zayed al-Nahyan, the Hariri-owned Future TV and Saudi-owned al-Arabiya reported.  Saudi Arabia s Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman said on Tuesday that Iran s decision to supply rockets to militias in Yemen constitutes a  direct military aggression  against the kingdom. A rocket fired from Yemen intercepted on the outskirts of Riyadh hours after Hariri s resignation on Saturday. On Monday, Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir told CNN the rocket  was an Iranian missile launched by Hezbollah . ",1
15497,Former Lebanese PM says Hariri will return to Lebanon,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Former Lebanese prime minister Fouad Siniora said on Tuesday that the head of his political party, Saad al-Hariri, who resigned as prime minister on Saturday in Saudi Arabia, will return to Lebanon.  Hariri s return to Lebanon is  a priority  said Siniora, adding that he had spoken by phone to Hariri on Monday.  ",1
15498,Kremlin says Putin and Trump to discuss North Korea in Vietnam,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Tuesday that Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump are expected to discuss North Korea at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum in Vietnam this week. Presidents of Russia and the United States will have an opportunity to talk at the summit and details of their meeting are still being worked on, Peskov told reporters at a conference call. ",1
15499,Russia's Lavrov says hopes Syrian congress to happen soon,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Tuesday he hoped that an international Syrian peace congress would take place in the near future.  The Russian-sponsored Syrian peace congress scheduled for Nov. 18 was postponed after objections by Turkey, President Tayyip Erdogan s spokesman said over the weekend.  Asked whether the congress was postponed, Lavrov told a briefing that the date had not been officially announced. He added that he hoped that the United Nations would support holding the congress.  ",1
15500,Chinese 'most-wanted' fugitive returns seven years after fleeing to Canada,"BEIJING (Reuters) - One of China s  most-wanted  overseas fugitives, a manager in a real estate company sought on charges of corruption and bribery, turned himself in on Tuesday after fleeing to Canada seven years ago, the anti-graft agency said. He Jian, a manager in the northern province of Hebei who had fled in September 2010, becomes the 49th on a list of 100 most-wanted individuals to return, the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection (CCDI) said on its website.  Reuters could not immediately reach He, his family, or a legal representative to seek comment. He s assets were frozen after he fled and Interpol issued a  red notice  for his provisional arrest, the agency said, but it did not make clear where He lived after his flight to Canada, nor from which country he had returned. The widely-publicized  Fox Hunt  and  Sky Net  operations to repatriate overseas fugitives suspected of corruption and economic crimes constitute a key plank of President Xi Jinping s sweeping anti-graft campaign. China published its list of  most-wanted  suspects believed to be hiding overseas in April 2015.  But it has had limited success in securing cooperation from Western countries, including Australia, Canada and the United States, where many of the most wanted live, largely because of what those governments see as a lack of transparency and due process in China s judicial system. ",1
15501,South Korea to start talks with U.S. on developing military capabilities,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea will immediately start talks with the United States on developing the Asian nation s military capabilities, including deploying the latest surveillance assets, the South s presidential office said on Tuesday. The pact was made during a summit meeting between South Korean President Moon Jae-in and his U.S. counterpart Donald Trump, Blue House spokesman Yoon Young-chan told a news briefing. The leaders also agreed to continue joint three-way efforts with Japan for practical responses to North Korean threats, he added. ",1
15502,Islamic State claims responsibility for attack on TV station in Afghanistan: Amaq,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Islamic State has claimed responsibility for an attack on a private television station in the Afghan capital of Kabul, the group s news agency Amaq said on Tuesday, without giving evidence,  A staff member who witnessed the attack said gunmen attacked the building after an explosion.  ",1
15503,"Turkey's Yildirim says U.S. visa move positive, calls for extradition of cleric","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim on Tuesday described the  United States  move to partially resume issuing visas in Turkey as a positive step, but said Washington should extradite a cleric blamed for last year s failed military coup in Turkey.  The limited reissuing of visas between the United States and Turkey... prior to our visit can be seen as a positive development,  Yildirim told reporters before leaving for the United States, where he is due to meet U.S. Vice President Mike Pence. The United States said on Monday it would resume  limited visa services  in Turkey after getting what it said were assurances about the safety of its local staff. Washington halted issuing visas at its missions in Turkey last month, citing the detention of two local employees. Turkey said it would match the move, relaxing a visa ban of its own that was instituted last month in retaliation against Washington. However, Yildirim reiterated Turkey s stance that it had not offered assurances to Washington.  Both countries are states of law, and procedures are being carried out in accordance with the law. Negotiations regarding the offering of assurances to the United States or vice-versa would breach the principles of laws of state,  he said. In May, a translator at the U.S. consulate in the southern province of Adana was arrested and, more recently, a U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) worker was detained in Istanbul. Both are accused of links to last year s coup attempt. The U.S. embassy has said the accusations are baseless. Turkey has been angered by what it sees as U.S. reluctance to hand over the cleric Fethullah Gulen, who has lived in Pennsylvania since 1999 and whom Ankara blames for orchestrating the coup. U.S. officials have said courts require sufficient evidence to order his extradition. Yildirim said Gulen s extradition would be discussed during his visit, as well as the fate of some Turkish citizens arrested in the United States - a reference to the wealthy gold trader who was arrested over Iran sanctions evasion last year and an executive at a state-owned bank arrested this year.   We have strong evidence that Gulen was behind the July 15 coup attempt and we want his extradition. We want the concerns we have regarding the cases of our citizens arrested in the United States to be eased,  Yildirim said.  They also have similar requests, and diplomatic channels are being used for discussions, we are both seeking a way out.  ",1
15504,"Brexit with no deal risks chaos in drug supply, report warns","LONDON (Reuters) - Crashing out of the European Union without a deal would cause major problems for Britain s health service and risk  chaotic disruption  to medicine supplies, according to a report on Tuesday. The Nuffield Trust, an independent health charity, also warned that Brexit without a deal on future relations with the EU would lead to worsening staff shortages in the National Health Service (NHS). And it could create particular problems for healthcare in Northern Ireland, where treatment programs for some rare and serious diseases are designed to work across the entire island of Ireland.  A scenario where the UK leaves without any deal would cause extensive problems for the NHS. It would risk a chaotic disruption to supplies of medical products, and a rise in prices that would push hospitals deeper into deficit,  the report stated.  Many different parts of EU law and EU institutions play an important role in enabling care to be delivered to the standards we see today. Suddenly ending them with no replacement would do serious damage to an already strained British NHS.      The warning chimes with concerns from pharmaceutical companies, which are already drawing up plans to protect supply chains. Stringent medicine regulations mean manufacturers face multiple Brexit uncertainties, such as the potential need to retest drugs shipped across borders and transfer product licences to different jurisdictions. ",1
15505,Trump calls for worldwide action against North Korea nuclear threat,"SEOUL (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Tuesday that the United States is prepared to use the full range of military force to stop a North Korean attack, but said he was focused on using  all available tools short of military action  to prevent conflict.  North Korea is a worldwide threat that requires worldwide action,  he told reporters at a joint press conference with South Korea President Moon Jae-in. The remarks came after the two leaders held formal talks at the presidential Blue House in Seoul, where Moon told Trump he hoped his visit would relieve some of South Koreans  anxiety over North Korea and serve as a  turning point in resolving the North Korean nuclear issue . ",1
15506,Britain says Iran's treatment of jailed aid worker is unacceptable,"LONDON (Reuters) - Iran s continued detention of jailed Iranian-British aid worker Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe is unacceptable, British trade minister Liam Fox said on Tuesday, adding that she should be released as soon as possible. Zaghari-Ratcliffe is serving a five-year jail sentence after being convicted of plotting to overthrow Iran s clerical establishment, and was brought into court on Saturday accused by a judge of  spreading propaganda against the regime,  the Thomson Reuters Foundation, a charity organization for which she works, said.  This is a very very aggressive, unacceptable way to treat a UK citizen,  Fox said on BBC radio.  This detention is completely unacceptable to the British government, it is completely, in our view, illegal, and she should be released as soon as possible.  Fox had earlier defended foreign secretary Boris Johnson after Johnson last week said that Zaghari-Ratcliffe had been training journalists in Iran, which the Foundation said was incorrect. The charges against Zaghari-Ratcliffe are denied by her family and the Foundation, a charity organization that operates independently of Reuters News. ",1
15507,Japan to impose additional sanctions on North Korea,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan will impose additional sanctions on North Korea in response to the continuing threat posed by its missile and nuclear programs, Japan s top government spokesman said on Tuesday.  The sanctions, mentioned by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in a joint news conference with U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday, will freeze the assets of nine organizations and 26 individuals, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a news conference.  The North Korean missile and nuclear issue is a pressing threat unseen before. Its provocative actions, in which it has ignored the severe warnings of international society, are totally unacceptable,  he said. The organizations are North Korean banks, several of them based in China, while the individuals are based in a number of nations, including China, Russia and Libya. Suga said the move was taken in the wake of Trump s visit as a way of demonstrating the determination of the two nations to stand together and increase pressure on Pyongyang. Speaking in Beijing, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying reiterated that China opposed unilateral sanctions imposed outside of the framework of the U.N. Security Council. Trump said on Monday that the United States stood in solidarity with Japan on North Korea and called North Korea s ballistic missile launches over Japan  a threat to the civilized world and to international peace and stability.  ",1
15508,Papua New Guinea court rejects bid to restore services to asylum-seeker camp,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Papua New Guinea s Supreme Court rejected an application on Tuesday to restore water, electricity and food supplies to an  Australian-run detention center for asylum seekers where nearly 600 men have been barricaded for a week. The men in the remote Manus Island facility have defied attempts by Australia and Papua New Guinea to close the camp, refusing to move to three transit centers despite having little food or drinking water. Dozens of them also need medical help, three asylum seekers said, in a stand-off that the United Nations has described as a  looming humanitarian crisis .  The men have repeatedly said they would not move to the transit camps because they feared PNG residents on the island may attack, or that the will be resettled elsewhere in PNG or another developing nation. The court rejected the challenge on behalf of one of the detainees because it said power, water and food were available at the three transit centers, Ben Lomai, a lawyer for the detainee who lodged the application, told Reuters. Kate Schuetze, Pacific researcher for rights group Amnesty International, warned conditions could deteriorate  catastrophically .  The lives of these men, who are only asking for their rights to dignity and safety, are at serious risk,  Schuetze said in a statement. The men, who include asylum seekers from Afghanistan, Iran, Myanmar, Pakistan, Sri Lanka and Syria, were last given food on Oct. 29 and have been relying on sporadic aid from Manus island locals and rainwater. Several of the detainees told Reuters Papua New Guinea s navy had blocked access for islanders trying to deliver supplies in the past few days. Representatives for Papua New Guinea Immigration Minister Petrus Thomas did not respond immediately to a request for comment about the claim. Behrouz Boochani, a Kurdish journalist from Iran who has been detained on Manus island for more than four years, said 90 of the men were sick and required  urgent  medical treatment.  They have infection, stomach ache and diarrhea because of dirty water,  Boochani told Reuters. Despite the conditions, several of the men said they would continue to defy efforts to get them to leave, frustrating Australia s attempts to close one of two controversial detention centers it uses to detain asylum seekers who arrive by boat. The Manus island camp, and another on the tiny Pacific island nation of Nauru, have been the cornerstones of Australia s controversial immigration policies, which has been strongly criticized by the United Nations and rights groups. Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said before the court ruling on Tuesday the men were only refusing to move to the new transit centers on the encouragement of advocates.   There are alternative facilities available of a very high quality with food and all of the facilities,  Turnbull told Australian Broadcasting Corporation radio.  The relocation of the men is designed to give the United States time to complete vetting of candidates as part of a refugee swap deal that Australia hopes will see it no longer responsible for the detention of nearly 1,400 asylum seekers who have been classified as refugees. Turnbull negotiated the deal with former U.S. President Barack Obama last year. Under the deal, Australia will accept refugees from Central America.     ",1
15509,Turkey issues detention orders for 53 soldiers over Gulen links: Anadolu,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - A Turkish prosecutor has issued detention warrants for 53 active sergeants over alleged links to the U.S.-based cleric accused of orchestrating last year s attempted coup, state media said on Tuesday. Twenty of the suspects have so far been detained in the operation across 12 provinces, state run Anadolu Agency said. Thirty-three other soldiers were currently being sought, it said. The interior ministry said on Monday that nearly 700 people had been detained over the previous week on allegations of ties to what Ankara calls the  Gulenist Terror Group . Some 50,000 people have been arrested since the failed putsch in July and around 150,000 dismissed or suspended, including soldiers, police, teachers and public servants, over alleged links with the movement of U.S-based cleric Fethullah Gulen. Gulen, who has lived in self-imposed exile in Pennsylvania since 1999, has denied the charge and condemned the coup. Rights groups and some Western allies fear President Tayyip Erdogan is using the coup as a pretext to stifle dissent. The government argues the crackdown is necessary due to the gravity of the coup attempt, which killed 240 people on July 15, 2016. ",1
15510,Casualties in religious attacks in Afghanistan rise steeply: U.N.,"KABUL (Reuters) - Civilian casualties in religious attacks in Afghanistan, primarily against Shi ite mosques, have significantly increased in the last two years, according to the United Nations. Some 850 casualties, of which 273 were fatal, have been recorded by the U.N.'s Assistance Mission to Afghanistan (UNAMA) since the beginning of last year in more than 50 incidents, nearly double the figure for the previous seven years. (goo.gl/93CjrE) The latest attacks took place three weeks ago at two Shi ite mosques, one in Kabul and the other in the central province of Ghhor, killing at least 72 people. Islamic State claimed responsibility for them and a string of others across the country in recent months. Sectarian violence has been relatively rare in Sunni-dominant Afghanistan, but since 2015 Islamic State has escalated fears by killing scores of Shi ites. The minority Shi ites accuse the government of ignoring their needs. UNAMA recommended further action by the Afghan government to protect people and places of worship from attack. ",1
15511,Jailed Hong Kong democracy activists win last chance to appeal,"HONG KONG (Reuters) - A Hong Kong court on Tuesday allowed three jailed young activists, who spearheaded pro-democracy protests that brought much of the Chinese-ruled city to a halt in 2014, a final chance to appeal against their sentences. Hong Kong s appeals court jailed Joshua Wong, 21, Alex Chow, 27, and Nathan Law, 24, in August for illegal assembly, a ruling that angered rights activists who fear creeping interference by Communist Party rulers in Beijing in the former British colony.   The three are serving six, seven and eight-month jail terms, respectively but have been released on bail. The trio helped lead the largely peaceful  Umbrella Movement  that blocked major roads for 79 days in 2014, demanding Beijing grant Hong Kong full democracy. Hong Kong has been governed under a  one country, two systems  formula since its return from British to Chinese rule in 1997, allowing freedoms not enjoyed on mainland China that include an independent judiciary but not a fully democratic vote. In a short hearing on Tuesday, Hong Kong s Court of Final Appeal granted the trio leave to appeal, with the case to be heard on January 16 with the three to remain on bail until then.   The next legal steps will likely be scrutinized closely, with the jailings having shaken confidence in Hong Kong s vaunted rule of law. Wong, Chow and Law were sentenced last year to community service for unlawful assembly. However, Reuters reported that Justice Secretary Rimsky Yuen had overruled other senior colleagues to re-open the case and push for a harsher sentence that eventually led to their imprisonment.  I know the world is having their eyes on us to see whether the judges, our legal professionals, will restore the confidence of our jurisdiction. Or whether it will smash the confidence of the people, not only in Hong Kong but also around the world,  Chow told reporters.  The verdict given in the future will matter a lot and will redefine whether our constitution - the Basic Law - will value civil liberties more or control stability as claimed by the government.   U.N. human rights experts urged Hong Kong to respect the rights of the trio, including the legal right to peaceful assembly under the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, to which Hong Kong is a party. [nL5N1NC5AF]  We fear that if their sentences are upheld, this will have the effect of stifling the expression of dissenting opinions, the right to protest and the overall work of human rights defenders,  David Kaye, U.N. special rapporteur on the right to freedom of opinion and expression, and Michel Forst, U.N. special rapporteur on the situation of human rights defenders, said in a joint statement from Geneva on Monday.  We call on the Hong Kong authorities to respect the independence of judicial powers and the rule of law.   On Saturday, China s largely rubber-stamp parliament formally extended a law banning disrespect of the national anthem to cover Hong Kong, another example of a move that critics have said undermines the Chinese-ruled city s freedoms. ",1
15512,"Trump visit could be 'turning point' on North Korea policy, says Moon","SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea President Moon Jae-in said he hoped a visit by U.S President Donald Trump would be a turning point in efforts to defuse tensions over North Korea s nuclear program as the two leaders met in Seoul on Tuesday. The state visit in the South Korean capital was billed as an opportunity for Trump and Moon to present a united front, despite differences over how to confront North Korea s nuclear threat, as well as Trump s complaints over the two countries  trade agreements. Besides vowing to prevent North Korean leader Kim Jong Un from developing nuclear weapons and missiles that can effectively strike the mainland United States, Trump has also threatened to pull out of a free trade pact between the two countries. ",1
15513,Egypt's Sisi says he will not seek a third term: CNBC,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt s President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi   will not seek a third term in office, he said in an interview with CNBC, adding that he does not intend to change the constitution and its provision of a two-term presidential limit.  It doesn t suit me as a president to stay one more day against the will of the Egyptians,  he told CNBC over the weekend.  We will not interfere with (the constitution)..I am with preserving two four-year terms,  Sisi added.  However, he did not confirm if he intended to run for a second term when his current term expires. Sisi came to power in 2014, a year after he led the military in ousting elected but unpopular Islamist President Mohamed Mursi. Rights groups say Sisi has since led an unprecedented crackdown on political opponents, activists and critical media. He is unlikely to face strong opposition and many in Egypt see him as vital to stability in a country where unrest since 2011 has battered the economy. Egyptian human rights lawyer and opposition leader Khaled Ali on Monday became the first person to announce he is running against Sisi, vowing to challenge him in the 2018 presidential election, provided he was not barred from the contest. The 45-year-old gained prominence in January, when he won a case that nullified a government transfer of two Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia, a deal that had provoked mass protests. ",1
15514,China's former top graft-buster warns of plots to seize power,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China must step up vigilance against plots to grab power, as political corruption is the worst form of corruption, Wang Qishan, the country s still influential former top graft-buster, wrote on Tuesday. Wang, a key ally of President Xi Jinping, stepped down in a leadership reshuffle last month at the end of the five-yearly Communist Party Congress, but could assume a new role, say sources with ties to the leadership, though an announcement  might not come for a few more weeks.  As the feared head of the party s anti-corruption watchdog for the past five years, Wang has spearheaded Xi s battle on graft, overseeing the jailing of dozens of former top officials, including the domestic security chief, Zhou Yongkang. China has rebuffed criticism that the corruption campaign is as much about settling political scores as about stamping out genuine criminal acts.  Writing in the party s official People s Daily, Wang said the fight against corruption went beyond battling the pilfering of assets or hedonism and was a political battle.   Political corruption is the biggest corruption,  Wang wrote in comments drawn from a collection of essays released after the congress, but not previously published in full by state media.  The collection included pieces by former members of the Politburo Standing Committee, the height of power in China. Aspects of political corruption include the formation of special interest groups to try and seize power, and the organization of  activities outside party parameters, aimed at breaking party unity, Wang wrote.  There are many new historical special characteristics to carrying on this great fight, the most important of which are to ... prevent them from seizing political power and changing the party s basic character,  he added. Wang explicitly linked some of the most notorious cases to political crimes, mentioning not only Zhou but also the former party bosses of the southwestern city of Chongqing, Bo Xilai and Sun Zhengcai, two former top generals and a former top aide to retired president Hu Jintao. In these cases, the party had  eradicated interest groups which mixed political and economic corruption , Wang wrote. Bo was jailed for life in 2013, while Sun was put under investigation for corruption in July. There can be no challenges to the party s power, Wang added.  North, south, east, west and at the center, the party leads everything. If there is no forceful and strong leadership by the party, then the Chinese people are simply a loose plate of sand.  ",1
15515,"Trump hails 'great' cooperation with South Korea, vows to address trade","CAMP HUMPHREYS, South Korea (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump praised cooperation with South Korea during a visit to a U.S. base there on Tuesday and said he planned to address trade issues in discussions with President Moon Jae-in in Seoul.  There is great cooperation,  he said.  We have a terrific meeting scheduled on trade in a little while with President Moon and his representatives. And hopefully that will start working out and working out so that we create a lot of jobs in the United States which is one of the reasons that I m here.  Moon met briefly with Trump before he toured the sprawling U.S. military base Camp Humphreys in Pyeongtaek, which lies about 100 km (60 miles) from the border with reclusive North Korea. ",1
15516,"U.S. Navy carrier drills with Japanese, Indian navy in Sea of Japan","TOKYO (Reuters) - The U.S. Navy carrier, the USS Ronald Reagan, conducted three days of drills with a Japanese destroyer and two Indian warships in the Sea of Japan, Japan s navy said on Tuesday. The exercise involving five ships, which ended Monday, came amid heightened tension in the region over North Korea s ballistic missile and nuclear tests and as U.S. President Donald Trump began a 12-day tour of Asia beginning in Japan on Sunday.  The exercise helped improve fighting skills and deepened cooperation with India,  Japan s Maritime Self Defence Force said in a press release. The 100,000-ton Reagan, which is based in Japan carries around 70 combat aircraft and is the U.S. Navy s most powerful warship in Asia. The Reagan will join two other carriers in the Western Pacific, the USS Nimitz and USS Theodore Roosevelt, in a potent reminder to Pyongyang of the U.S. ability to rapidly mobilize military force, U.S. officials told Reuters earlier.  ",1
15517,Tanzania's Magufuli sacks officials who failed to recall public works budget figures,"DAR ES SALAAM (Reuters) - Tanzanian President John Magufuli sacked two senior officials late on Monday after they failed to recall immediately how much money was allocated by the government in their respective districts for public road construction projects. Magufuli, nicknamed  the Bulldozer  for his infrastructure projects and leadership style, launched his reform drive after he was elected in late 2015, promising to transform an economy hobbled by red-tape and corruption and carry out a major building program. He has sacked thousands of civil servants over the past two years in a crackdown on government inefficiency and corruption. A statement issued by the president s office said the sacked director of the Bukoba Municipal Council, Erasto Aron Mfugale, and the director of the Bukoba Rural Municipal Council, Mwantum Kitwana Dau, would be assigned to other duties. The president s office did not explain the reasons for the sackings. However, the two municipal directors were dismissed just hours after the president summoned them at a public gathering and demanded that they announce exactly how much was allocated by the government for road construction in their districts.  You can t talk to me like that,  Magufuli said at the launch of a new airport in the lakeside town of Bukoba, which was televised live. Dau had informed the president that she oversees many departments and could therefore not immediately recall the exact budget allocated for road projects. The two dismissed officials were not immediately available for comment. Magufuli, who served as the public works minister for nearly 20 years before becoming president, is widely known for having data at his fingertips, and frequently recites monetary figures and exact lengths of roads to their decimal points without referring to notes. He has purged more than 20,000  ghost workers  from the public service payroll and sacked 12,000 government employees for forging their academic transcripts.  I will continue to straighten out those few people who have been looting this country in order to ensure that the majority of the population can reap the benefits,  he said. Magufuli has won praise from some Western donors for cracking down on corruption and tax evasion. Critics accuse his administration of being increasingly autocratic, but the president declared on Monday that his government  respects democracy . ",1
15518,U.N. Security Council urges Myanmar to stop excessive military force,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations Security Council urged the Myanmar government on Monday to  ensure no further excessive use of military force in Rakhine state,  where violence has forced more than 600,000 Rohingya Muslims to flee the Buddhist-majority Asian country. The United Nations has denounced the violence during the past 10 weeks as a classic example of ethnic cleansing. The Myanmar government has denied allegations of ethnic cleansing. To appease council veto powers Russia and China, Britain and France dropped a push for the Security Council to adopt a resolution on the situation and the 15-member body instead unanimously agreed on a formal statement. The council expressed  grave concern over reports of human rights violations and abuses in Rakhine State, including by the Myanmar security forces, in particular against persons belonging to the Rohingya community.   The Security Council calls upon the Government of Myanmar to ensure no further excessive use of military force in Rakhine State, to restore civilian administration and apply the rule of law, and to take immediate steps in accordance with their obligations and commitments to respect human rights,  it said.  Myanmar has been stung by international criticism for the way its security forces responded to attacks by Rohingya militants on 30 security posts. More than 600,000 Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh since Aug. 25.   The Security Council stresses the primary responsibility of the Government of Myanmar to protect its population including through respect for the rule of law and the respect, promotion and protection of human rights,  the statement said. It stressed the importance of transparent investigations into allegations of human rights abuses and  in this regard, the Security Council calls upon the Government of Myanmar to cooperate with all relevant United Nations bodies, mechanisms and instruments.   Myanmar has refused entry to a U.N. panel that was tasked with investigating allegations of abuses after a smaller military counteroffensive launched in October 2016. Myanmar s de facto leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, has pledged accountability for rights abuses and says Myanmar will accept back refugees who can prove they were residents of Myanmar. The Security Council said it was alarmed by the rapidly deteriorating humanitarian situation in Rakhine state and warned that the increasing number of refugees  has a destabilizing impact in the region.   The council demanded that the Myanmar government allow immediate, safe and unhindered humanitarian aid and media access. It asked U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres to report back in 30 days on the situation. ",1
15519,"Trump arrives in South Korea for talks on nukes, trade","OSAN, South Korea (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump landed in South Korea on Tuesday, the second leg of his 12-day Asia trip dominated by the North Korean nuclear standoff. South Koreans are bracing for the possibility that Trump s state visit could risk further inflaming tensions with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, who has stepped up his pursuit of nuclear weapons that could soon be capable of striking the mainland United States.  Trump will visit with U.S troops and is also expected to raise criticisms of a U.S-South Korean trade pact when he meets with President Moon Jae-in in Seoul. ",1
15520,Australia same sex marriage survey draws 78.5 percent response rate,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Around 12.6 million Australians, or 78.5 percent of eligible voters, have voted so far in a postal ballot on whether same-sex marriage should be legalized, the Bureau of Statistics said on Tuesday. The poll, which closes later on Tuesday, is non-binding, but the government has said it will put a proposal to parliament to make Australia the 25th nation to permit same-sex marriage, if a majority of voters are in favor of it. The final results will be announced on Nov. 15.     ",1
15521,U.S. investigation finds no Afghan civilian casualties in Kunduz strike,"KABUL (Reuters) - A U.S. investigation into reports that at least 13 civilians were killed during an operation in the northern Afghan city of Kunduz last week found no evidence of any civilian casualties, a statement from the U.S. military in Kabul said on Tuesday.  United States Forces   Afghanistan (USFOR-A) has investigated allegations of civilian casualties in Kunduz province during the period of November 3 and 4; no evidence of civilian casualties has been found,  the statement said. Officials in the Chahardara district outside Kunduz city said 13 people in two villages had been killed by U.S. air strikes in the area, while some reports said as many as 65 people had been killed. However, other Afghan civil and military officials denied the reports and said civilians had been evacuated before a combined operation in the area began. They said dozens of Taliban insurgents had been killed.  We can confirm operations occurred in this area and numerous enemy combatants were killed, as also confirmed by Kunduz Governor Omarkhail and Ministry of Defense Spokesman Major General Dawlat Waziri,  the U.S. statement said.  The USFOR-A investigation was conducted independently and concluded that there were no civilian casualties. Specifically, no hospitals or clinics in the local area indicated treatment of people with wounds from armed conflict,  it said. The issue of civilian casualties has taken on increasing sensitivity as the United States has stepped up air strikes against the Taliban as part of a more robust strategy aimed at breaking the stalemate with the insurgents. United Nations figures from last month showed a 52 percent increase in civilian casualties from air strikes in the first nine months of the year from the previous year, with 205 killed and 261 wounded. ",1
15522,"Purge of Saudi princes, businessmen widens, travel curbs imposed","RIYADH (Reuters) - A campaign of mass arrests of Saudi Arabian royals, ministers and businessmen expanded on Monday after a top entrepreneur was reportedly detained in the biggest anti-corruption purge of the kingdom s affluent elite in its modern history. The reported arrest of Nasser bin Aqeel al-Tayyar followed the detention of dozens of top Saudis including billionaire investor Prince Alwaleed bin Talal in a crackdown that the attorney general described as  phase one . The purge is the latest in a series of dramatic steps by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman to assert Saudi influence internationally and amass more power for himself at home. The campaign lengthens an already daunting list of challenges undertaken by the 32-year-old since his father, King Salman, ascended the throne in 2015, including going to war in Yemen, cranking up Riyadh s confrontation with arch-foe Iran and reforming the economy to lessen its reliance on oil. Both allies and adversaries are quietly astounded that a kingdom once obsessed with stability has acquired such a taste for assertive - some would say impulsive - policy-making.  The kingdom is at a crossroads: Its economy has flatlined with low oil prices; the war in Yemen is a quagmire; the blockade of Qatar is a failure; Iranian influence is rampant in Lebanon, Syria and Iraq; and the succession is a question mark,  wrote ex-CIA official Bruce Riedel.  It is the most volatile period in Saudi history in over a half-century.  The crackdown has drawn no public opposition within the kingdom either on the street or social media. Many ordinary Saudis applauded the arrests, the latest in a string of domestic and international moves asserting the prince s authority.  But abroad, critics perceive the purge as further evidence of intolerance from a power-hungry leader keen to stop influential opponents blocking his economic reforms or reversing the expansion of his political clout. Prominent Saudi columnist Jamal Kashoggi applauded the campaign, but warned:  He is imposing very selective justice.   The crackdown on even the most constructive criticism - the demand for complete loyalty with a significant  or else  - remains a serious challenge to the crown prince s desire to be seen as a modern, enlightened leader.    The buck stops at the leader s door. He is not above the standard he is now setting for the rest of his family, and for the country,  he wrote in the Washington Post. The Saudi stock index initially fell 1.5 percent in early trade but closed effectively flat, which asset managers attributed to buying by government-linked funds. Al Tayyar Travel 1810.SE plunged 10 percent in the opening minutes after the company quoted media reports as saying board member Nasser bin Aqeel al-Tayyar had been detained in the anti-corruption drive. Saudi Aseer Trading, Tourism and Manufacturing 4080.SE and Red Sea International 4230.SE separately reported normal operations after the reported detentions of board members Abdullah Saleh Kamel, Khalid al-Mulheim and Amr al-Dabbagh. Saudi banks have begun freezing suspects  accounts, sources told Reuters. Dozens of people have been detained in the crackdown, which have alarmed much of the traditional business establishment. Billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, Saudi Arabia s best-known international investor, is also being held. The attorney general said on Monday detainees had been questioned and  a great deal of evidence  had been gathered.  Yesterday does not represent the start, but the completion of Phase One of our anti-corruption push,  Saud al-Mojeb said. Probes were done discreetly  to preserve the integrity of the legal proceedings and ensure there was no flight from justice.  Investigators had been collecting evidence for three years and would  continue to identify culprits, issue arrest warrants and travel restrictions and bring offenders to justice , anti-graft committee member Khalid bin Abdulmohsen Al-Mehaisen said. The front page of leading Saudi newspaper Okaz challenged businessmen to reveal the sources of their assets, asking:  Where did you get this?  Another headline from Saudi-owned al-Hayat warned:  After the launch (of the anti-corruption drive), the noose tightens, whomever you are!  A no-fly list has been drawn up and security forces in some Saudi airports were barring owners of private jets from taking off without a permit, pan-Arab daily Al-Asharq Al-Awsat said. Among those detained are 11 princes, four ministers and tens of former ministers, according to Saudi officials.  It s mostly princes from the previous system who made a lot of money in business. That s the common denominator,  Steffen Hertog of the London School of Economics told Reuters.  Perhaps they can t go after all at the same time so possibly ones who are least popular or have a beef with the current leadership (have been held). It s pretty systematic.   The allegations include money laundering, bribery, extortion and taking advantage of public office for personal gain, a Saudi official told Reuters. Those accusations could not be independently verified and family members of those detained could not be reached. The new anti-corruption committee has the power to seize assets at home and abroad before the results of its investigations are known. Investors worry the crackdown could ultimately result in forced sales of equities, but the extent of the authorities  intentions was not immediately clear. Among those detained is Prince Miteb bin Abdullah, who was replaced as minister of the National Guard, a pivotal power base rooted in the kingdom s tribes. That recalled a palace coup in June which ousted his elder cousin, Mohammed bin Nayef, as heir to the throne. The moves consolidate Prince Mohammed s control of the internal security and military institutions, which had long been headed by separate powerful branches of the ruling family. Consultancy Eurasia Group said the  clearly politicized  anti-corruption campaign was a step toward separating the Al Saud family from the state:  Royal family members have lost their immunity, a long standing golden guarantee . Yet many analysts were puzzled by the targeting of technocrats like ousted Economy Minister Adel Faqieh and prominent businessmen on whom the kingdom is counting to boost the private sector and wean the economy off oil.  It seems to run so counter to the long-term goal of foreign investment and more domestic investment and a strengthened private sector,  said Greg Gause, a Gulf expert at Texas A&M University.  If your goal really is anti-corruption, then you bring some cases. You don t just arrest a bunch of really high-ranking people and emphasize that the rule of law is not really what guides your actions.  Over the past year, MbS has become the top decision-maker on military, foreign and economic policy, championing subsidy cuts, state asset sales and a government efficiency drive. The reforms have been well-received by much of Saudi Arabia s overwhelmingly young population, but resented among some of the more conservative old guard. The crown prince has also led Saudi Arabia into a two-year-old war in Yemen, where the government says it is fighting Iran-aligned militants, and into a dispute with Qatar, which it accuses of backing terrorists, a charge Doha denies. Detractors of the crown prince say both moves are dangerous adventurism. The Saudi-led military coalition said on Monday it would temporarily close all air, land and sea ports to Yemen to stem the flow of arms from Iran to Houthi rebels after a missile fired toward Riyadh was intercepted over the weekend. Saudi Prince Alwaleed's investments: tmsnrt.rs/2j5fE04 ",1
15523,"Trump praises Saudi purge, voices confidence in King, Crown Prince","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday endorsed a move by Saudi Arabia s future king that tightened his grip on power through the arrests of royals, ministers and investors in an anti-corruption purge. The endorsement cemented a U.S.-Saudi relationship that has improved dramatically under Trump s presidency, partly because of both leaders  vision of confronting Riyadh s arch-rival Iran more aggressively in the region.  Trump tweeted on Monday that he had  great confidence in King Salman and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia  following the mass arrests - the biggest such purge of the kingdom s affluent elite in its modern history. Trump also tweeted that  they know exactly what they are doing,  adding:  Some of those they are harshly treating have been  milking  their country for years.  The purge was the latest in a series of dramatic steps by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, or MbS as he is commonly referred to in Western circles, to assert Saudi influence internationally and amass more power for himself at home. A U.S. official who declined to be named told Reuters that MbS  has become the primary driver of Saudi policy-making. He has moved aggressively to sideline opponents, concentrate decision-making authority, and establish himself as the undisputed heir to the al Saud legacy.   He seeks to reinvigorate the public s confidence in the Saudi monarchy by diversifying the economy, loosening religious restrictions, and carrying out wide ranging social reforms,  the official said. Trump s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, the president s senior adviser, who has cultivated a close relationship with MbS, recently returned from Saudi Arabia, fuelling speculation on whether he may have had wind of MbS  plans. The White House said at the time the trip was reported that it was within the context of Kushner s efforts on Israeli-Palestinian peace conversations. Among those arrested were billionaire investor Alwaleed bin Talal, who is one of the kingdom s most prominent businessmen and whose investments in companies like Twitter make him the most recognized Saudi name on Wall Street.  It s an impressive feat to have basically neutered virtually all of the sources of potential opposition, dissent rivalry, whether it s religious, media, political, military,  said Rob Malley, vice president for policy of the International Crisis Group.  On the other hand... it s always risky to make too many enemies at the same time. It s not clear how those enemies can react,  said Malley, a former senior adviser on Middle East affairs under President Barack Obama. Also detained was Prince Miteb bin Abdullah, who was replaced as minister of the National Guard, a pivotal power base rooted in the kingdom s tribes. That recalled a palace coup in June that ousted Mohammed bin Nayef as heir to the throne. A former senior U.S. intelligence official cautioned that given the National Guard s loyalties, MbS could face a backlash.  I find it difficult  to believe that it (National Guard) will simply roll over and accept the imposition of new leadership in such an arbitrary fashion.  ANTI-IRANIAN CONFRONTATION U.S.-Saudi ties had been strained under Obama, who Riyadh felt considered their alliance less important than negotiating the Iran nuclear deal. But the Trump administration has vowed to confront Iran much more aggressively in the region, where it shares the Saudi view that Tehran is fomenting instability via a number of proxies in Lebanon, Syria and Yemen among other countries. Tehran denies the allegations. Events in Saudi Arabia in recent days appeared to open the prospect for a sharper confrontation with Iran and its proxies. Saudi Arabia accused Lebanon on Monday of declaring war against it because of what it called aggression by the Iran-backed Lebanese Shi ite group Hezbollah. Saudi-allied Lebanese politician Saad al-Hariri quit as prime minister on Saturday, announcing his resignation from Riyadh and blaming Iran and Hezbollah in his resignation speech. Also on Saturday, Saudi Arabia s air defense forces intercepted a ballistic missile fired from warring Yemen over the capital, Riyadh. The Pentagon praised Saudi Arabia for  exposing  Iran s role in Yemen and Tehran s provision of missile systems to Houthi militia fighting there.  Between that (Hariri s resignation) and the missile launch on Riyadh ... the coincidence of those two does mean that the prospect of some escalation, some strike either against Hezbollah or against Iran or against both is more likely, certainly than it was a few days ago,  Malley told Reuters. ",1
15524,Singapore academic who warned of perils of small countries steps down,"SINGAPORE (Reuters) - The founding dean of a prominent Singapore school said on Monday he was stepping down, four months after he stirred a heated debate in the city-state with the comment that small countries like Singapore must  always behave like small states . Kishore Mahbubani, a long-time diplomat and the wealthy city-state s former envoy to the United Nations, said he had written to the board of the Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy saying he would step down as dean at the end of the year. The announcement followed a high-profile expulsion by the government of a professor at the school, a China-born U.S. citizen, who was accused of being an agent of influence for a foreign country. In the statement to the school s governing board, Mahbubani cited a double heart bypass operation last year and said he wanted to  focus on a new career that involves more time spent on reading, reflection and writing .  I realize that the time had come for me to take a fresh look at what I should achieve over the next decade as I enter my 70s,  he said. Kishore is 69 and has served 13 years as dean. Kishore s statement did not refer to the controversy fueled by his column in July that Qatar s experience of conflict with its Arab neighbors offered big lessons for small countries. In the piece titled  Qatar: Big lessons from a small country , Kishore warned that Singapore could face the fate of the Gulf state which believed it could act as a middle power and exercise influence beyond its borders  because it sits on mounds of money .   I would like to emphasize as strongly as I can that this Qatar episode holds many lessons for Singapore,  he wrote in Singapore s Straits Times newspaper. The first lesson, he said, was:  Small states must always behave like small states.  Public criticism or perceived admonishments of the government are rare in Singapore, one of the richest and most politically stable countries in the world. His comments drew a sharp rebuke from Singapore s political leaders and fellow former foreign service officials as flawed and intellectually questionable. A veteran diplomat, Bilahari Kausikan, called them  muddled, mendacious and indeed dangerous .  Mahbubani could not be reached for comment.  A spokeswoman for the National University of Singapore, where the Lee Kuan Yew school is an autonomous postgraduate school, said:  Professor Kishore Mahbubani s decision to retire is unrelated to the article mentioned.  The school is named after modern Singapore s founding father. ",1
15525,Low turnout in Chile election could hand victory to Pinera,"SANTIAGO (Reuters) - The frontrunner for Chile s presidency, billionaire businessman Sebastian Pinera, faces an array of left-wing parties in this year s elections but he can expect help from one quarter - low turnout. Recent opinion polls give Pinera, a conservative former president, a commanding lead over his seven mostly left-of-center rivals for the Nov. 19 first round but predict he is unlikely to take the more than 50 percent needed to avoid a run-off. While a unified left might muster the votes to defeat Pinera in the second round, weak turnout fed by disenchantment with politics and interparty bickering would pave the way for a Pinera win.  It s likely that many left-wing voters are not going to vote in the second round because their candidate will have been eliminated, and with this drop, Pinera s vote share catapults,  said analyst Kenneth Bunker, of Tresquintos.   Pinera is going to win if fewer people vote.  Investors strongly favor Pinera and bet he would better manage labor and education reforms implemented by current center-left President Michelle Bachelet, in power since 2014. Chile, South America s most developed economy, is one of the few countries in the region that does not have mandatory voting.  Turnout in the elections following Chile s transition from compulsory to voluntary voting in 2012 has dipped as low as 42 percent, near the bottom of developed countries, according to statistics from the International Institute for Democracy and Electoral Assistance. Many Chileans are disenchanted with politics following campaign finance scandals that have tainted parties of both the right and left. Unlike citizens of Brazil, Peru and Argentina, they have the right to abstain without repercussions. A recent CEP poll, conducted in September and October, found that only 43 percent of Chileans are likely to vote in the coming election. The poll showed Pinera would beat his two closest contenders, the center-left Alejandro Guillier and leftist Beatriz Sanchez, in a Dec. 17 runoff. Coalitions of Chile s center-left parties for decades dominated politics but have fractured in the face of disagreements over Bachelet s economic and social reforms. The CEP poll found that only 11 percent of voters sympathize with Bachelet s Nueva Mayoria coalition and nearly 60 percent of Chileans did not identify with any of the major political parties.  Pinera s campaign has sought to capitalize on growing discontent and division among the left by appealing to centrist Christian Democratic voters, historically the largest bloc within Bachelet s coalition. Pinera recently called former President Patricio Aylwin, a Christian Democrat credited with smoothing Chile s transition to democracy in the 1990s, an  example to follow.  Candidates on the left have sought to counteract Pinera s advances by attempting to rally new voters.  We need a program that makes sense for everyone. If voter participation increases, we win,  said center-left frontrunner Guillier, a former journalist and legislator. In late October, Bachelet s administration launched a get-out-the-vote campaign of television and radio advertisements, calling the election  an important moment for our democracy.  Pinera has criticized the campaign as a political maneuver, but Maria Luisa Puig, of the Eurasia Group, said that motivating a large remaining block of undecided, or uninspired, voters in the center of the political spectrum could prove critical to both sides.  Voter turnout will be the key to this election,  she said. ",1
15526,Indonesia's bid to root out Islamists throws spotlight on universities,"NUSA DUA, Indonesia, (Reuters) - When students at Indonesia s prestigious Institute of Agricultural Studies swore an oath to support a caliphate in the world s largest Muslim-majority country last year, a video of the event went viral and the government grew alarmed.  Months later, Indonesian President Joko Widodo banned the decades-old hardline group Hizb ut-Tahrir Indonesia (HTI), which organized the student pledge, and declared its goal to set up a caliphate was incompatible with the constitution and could threaten security. Last month, under prodding from the government, thousands of students across the nation made an anti-radicalism pledge. It followed an unprecedented gathering in late September of some 3,000 academics in Bali, who also pledged to fight extremism and defend the secular constitution.  The campaign against extremism in education comes amid a rise of a hardline, politicized Islam in Indonesia, which until recently had occupied the fringe of the nation s politics.    Radical organizations can spread like a virus in universities,  said Professor Muhammad Sirozi, rector of the State Islamic University Raden Fatah in Palembang on Sumatra.   These are not the organizations that students form themselves, but they are from outside,  he said at a briefing that outlined ways to help universities tackle radicalism following the Bali conference. The campaign to root out boosters of the caliphate is not just confined to schools.  A document collated by Indonesia s intelligence agency lists 1,300 HTI members in senior posts in the civil service, universities, the military and police. An intelligence source confirmed the authenticity of the document, which was reviewed by Reuters. Some of those on it  declined to comment after being contacted, but HTI s former spokesman Ismail Yusanto said it did include some of its members. Illustrating how a politicized brand of Islam has gained traction, nearly 20 percent of high school and university students in Indonesia support the establishment of a caliphate, a survey showed last week. Moreover, around one in four of the 4,200 Muslim students in the survey by pollster Alvara said they were, to varying degrees, ready to wage jihad to achieve this.  Hizb ut-Tahrir, an international organization, established by a Palestinian Islamic scholar in 1953, has been banned in some Arab, Asian and European countries. One of its former members in Indonesia is Bahrun Naim, who went to fight for Islamic State in Syria and is accused of masterminding a series of attacks in Indonesia since early last year. An officially registered organization in Indonesia since 2000, HTI has sought a judicial review in the constitutional court over its disbanding.  They never gave us a chance to defend ourselves. Is it not an authoritarian and repressive action?  said HTI spokesman Yusanto, who likened the crackdown to the tactics used against opponents under former strongman President Suharto.   Asked whether HTI was still operating, Yusanto said no one could ban members from their duty to do  Dakwah  (missionary work) and those activities would continue. Higher Education Minister Muhammad Nasir told reporters in July that HTI members were lecturers  in many universities  - Indonesia has 394 state universities and about 3,000 private ones. He warned they could be sacked unless they proffer loyalty to Indonesia s secular ideology Pancasila, or  five principles . Yusanto said, however, no lecturers who were HTI members had been sacked. A Home Ministry spokesman said a task force set up to find members in the civil service had not found any so far. One former HTI member, Ayik Heriansyah, said the group tries to enlist support from influential members of society and sympathizers in the security forces to overthrow governments, or what it terms  the handing over of power .  Universities have been a key recruiting ground. Heriansyah, who was once chairman of HTI at the University of Indonesia, said potential recruits were usuallyinvited to an Islamic study group. After about three months, they might be asked to participate in intensive Hiz b-ut-Tahrir study, said Heriansyah, who said left the group after a falling out with its central board. Heriansyah said the ban on the group would simply push it underground.     They are still running the movement as usual, but with a new structure and stewardship,  he said. HTI has not disclosed its membership. Raymond Arifianto, a research fellow at Singapore s S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies, said his sources say HTI had about one million members, including an estimated 10-15 percent of junior army officers as members or sympathizers. A spokesman for Indonesia s military denied this. The group has also gained a strong presence in state universities that train public school teachers, meaning new teachers could spread HTI ideology to high school pupils.  A survey published last December by the Institute for the Study of Islam and Society, showed that 78 percent of 505 religious teachers in public schools supported implementing sharia law in Indonesia. The survey also found that 77 percent backed Islamist groups advocating this goal. Muhammad Abdullah Darraz, director of the Maarif Institute, which promotes religious and cultural harmony, said HTI had targeted religious lessons at state high schools to spread its ideology. Clerics offered their services for free, often with school principals and teachers being unaware of their affiliation, he told Reuters.HTI s spokesman denied this was a strategy but said members were obliged to do missionary work without charge.        Indonesia s biggest Islamic groups, the moderate Nahdlatul Ulama (NU) and Muhammadiyah, which claim to have about 120 million members between them, back the crackdown on HTI. Yaqut Cholil Qoumas, chairman of NU s GP Ansor youth wing, said that Indonesia had been built by many religions and cultures, but  HTI came and wanted to change this diversity into one nation called an Islamic country.  ",1
15527,Pakistan debates how to fill education gaps,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Two young boys kneel over small white tables, intently studying the Koran at a madrassa in Pakistan. The Al-Nadwa Madrassa in the hill station of Murree, 30 kilometers (19 miles) from the capital, Islamabad, is part of an established alternative system of education in the South Asian nation. Private schools, charitable institutions and religious seminaries are stepping in to supplement government-run schools to help meet the education needs of an estimated 50 million school-age children. Despite 220,000 schools nationwide, more than 20 million children are not in school, the government said in a 2016 report. The government has pumped money into schooling, with the education budget swelling by 15 percent every year since 2010, according to education consultancy Alif Ailaan. The United Nations estimates Pakistan s current education budget at 2.65 percent of GDP, roughly $8 billion, or around $150 per student.    Private educators say the country s education problems are not only due to a lack of funds but also inadequate teaching.  It s not the number of schools, it s the quality, the attitude,  said Zeba Hussain, founder of the Mashal Schools which teaches children displaced by war in the country s north. Hussain started the charitable Mashal Schools after she met a group of refugee children while visiting the hill areas surrounding Islamabad.  Federal education director Tariq Masood said blaming teachers was unfair. He said population growth and funding were the biggest challenges faced by government schools.  Masood said government schools adhered to a nationwide curriculum that was being constantly reworked and improved.   No one who is underqualified can enter the government system. There are fewer checks in the private system,  he said.  The country s poor often send their children to one of the thousands of religious madrassas (the Arabic word for school) where students live and receive Islamic instruction.     Most operate without government oversight and some madrassas have been criticized for their hardline teachings of Islam. The madrassas say they provide shelter, three full meals, and a good education to young people whose families are unable to make ends meet.   In certain cases people send their kids because they can t even afford to feed them,  said Irfan Sher from the Al-Nadwa Madrassa.  He said Pakistan s future hinged on education for its youth.   The overall policy should be changed...they should understand that if they want to change the country the only way is to spread quality education,  he said. ",1
15528,"Eyeing national vote, Berlusconi celebrates win for center right in Sicily","PALERMO, Italy (Reuters) - Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi looked poised on Monday for a stunning political comeback as his rightist bloc claimed victory in an election in Sicily that puts it in pole position for a national vote due by next May. The regional Sicilian ballot, held on Sunday, was seen as a dry run for the nationwide election, with many of the island s problems reflecting those of the country as a whole - high unemployment, a debt mountain and sluggish economic growth. An influx of migrants, many of whom arrive in Sicily after being rescued in the Mediterranean, was also a key issue. With all of the votes counted, a center-right bloc backed by the four-times prime minister was more than 5 percentage points ahead of the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement, with the center left, which governs at the national level, a distant third.  Sicily, just as I asked, has chosen the path of real, serious, constructive change, based on honesty, competence and experience,  the 81-year-old said in a video posted on Facebook. Nello Musumeci, the center right s candidate for governor of the island, had 39.8 percent of the vote, while the 5-Star s Giancarlo Cancelleri had 34.7 percent. The center left s Fabrizio Micari was lagging on 18.7 percent. The result puts Berlusconi back on the political map after years of sex scandals and graft allegations which had seemed to have reduced the billionaire media mogul to a spent force. Berlusconi cannot run for office due to a 2013 tax fraud conviction. But he hopes the European Court of Human Rights overturns this ban when it reviews his case later this year,  which would pave the way for a possible national challenge. He returned to the fray after open-heart surgery last year and campaigned actively in Sicily. Even if the courts deny him the chance to run, he would be an influential figure should the center right capture power again nationally. The result on the island deals a stinging blow to another former prime minister, Matteo Renzi, head of the ruling Democratic Party (PD), which is locked in feuding with erstwhile leftist partners. After a raft of vote setbacks in recent years, Renzi has many critics inside the PD who may now try to mount a challenge to his leadership.  Defiant in its defeat, the anti-system 5-Star Movement vowed to reach national government next year, and its leader Luigi Di Maio declared the PD  politically dead . Opinion polls suggest the center right will win next year s national vote, but a recent change to the electoral law is likely to stop any one bloc winning an absolute majority of seats, resulting in political gridlock. Sicily is traditionally a center-right stronghold which was poached by the PD in 2012 thanks to splits in the conservative bloc. This time, Berlusconi reunited the coalition behind a widely respected leader with a far-right background. Berlusconi s allies, the Brothers of Italy and the Northern League, reaped rewards with anti-immigrant campaigns, suggesting this will remain high on the agenda for the national vote.  From Sicily we will demonstrate that this is a winning model that can triumph at a national level,  said Giorgia Meloni, the leader of the right-wing Brothers of Italy party which is the junior partner in the center-right alliance. The centre-left government has moved this year to shut down the flow of migrants from Libya after more than 600,000, mainly Africans, reached Italy over the past four years. But the issue has dented support for the center left, which has further damaged itself by falling prey to ferocious schisms. The maverick 5-Star, founded by comedian Beppe Grillo, had campaigned relentlessly for months in Sicily, looking to take charge of its first region after a string of successes in municipal ballots in recent years, including in Rome and Turin. Di Maio said the party had been penalized in Sicily by low turnout - a record of fewer than half of those eligible cast a vote, showing flagging interest in politics in Italy following years of economic downturn.  In two or three months I think many of those who abstained will regret not going to vote,  Di Maio said, insisting that if turnout had been 3 or 4 points higher it could have tilted the result in the movement s favor. Despite losing to the center right, the 5-Star Movement s result was a leap from 2012, when its candidate won only 18 percent of the vote in the regional polls.   Investors are worried 5-Star might win control of the country. The party bases its appeal mainly on a campaign against corruption and vested interests in Italy, but it has pulled back from a pledge to hold a referendum on continued membership of the euro. Markets were little changed on Monday. ",1
15529,Bodies of Argentine men killed in New York attack returned,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - The bodies of five Argentine men killed in a truck attack in New York City last week arrived at their hometown of Rosario on Monday.  A police escort accompanied the bodies of the men as they were transported from Buenos Aires Ezeiza International Airport in a motorcade to Rosario, Argentina s third-largest city. Other officers on horseback saluted as the cars carrying the victims passed through the streets of Buenos Aires early in the morning. The motorcade reached a funeral home in Rosario several hours later.  The victims are Hern n Ferruchi, Diego Enrique Angelini, Hern n Diego Mendoza and Ariel Erlij, all 48, and Alejandro Dami n Pagnucco, 49.  The five, who were businessmen or architects, were among eight people killed on Tuesday in the truck attack as they rode bicycles on a pedestrian path in Lower Manhattan along the Hudson River. The Argentines were part of a group of 10 friends who had traveled to New York to celebrate the 30th anniversary of their high school graduation.  Uzbek immigrant Sayfullo Saipov, 29, was charged in a federal court on Wednesday with driving the truck down the bike trail, crushing pedestrians and cyclists, in support of Islamic State. Argentine President Mauricio Macri and first lady Juliana Awada joined New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio at the site of the attack on Monday, where they laid flowers and paid tribute to the victims.  Terrorism does not distinguish or limit countries, nor nationalities,  Macri said.  Argentines confirm that we want to be part of this battle, that we all have to give in this world to coexist in peace and with love.   Macri is in New York for a previously planned trip to meet with investors and business executives.  De Blasio said the five Argentines  visit to New York was an affirmation about all that is good about life.   We live 5,000 miles apart, but we feel a tremendous sense of unity and a deep connection right now,  De Blasio said. Rosario mourned for three days after the deadly attack. The victims  high school, where administrators said lifelong friendships are common among students, is counseling students and observing a weeklong mourning period.   Friendship moves the world,  said 65-year-old Rosario resident Adriana Sorzoli,  and I am very sad.   ",1
15530,Mexico says upcoming U.S. execution of national is 'illegal',"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Senior Mexican diplomats on Monday condemned the upcoming execution of a Mexican inmate on death row in Texas, calling his sentence  illegal  and vowing to exhaust all possible efforts to prevent him from being killed later this week. In a news conference in Mexico City, Carlos Sada, Mexico s deputy foreign minister for North America, told reporters that Texas prosecutors did not follow due process in the case of Ruben Cardenas, who was sentenced to death for raping and killing his 15-year-old cousin in 1997.  From the start, there has been a failure, and from our perspective, this is an illegal act,  Sada said. The planned execution comes as relations between Mexico and the United States are at a low, hurt by U.S. President Donald Trump s vows to build a wall along the Mexican border, and his threats to end the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). Cardenas, who is due to die on Wednesday, was not given the chance to speak with consular officials in contravention of the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations, Sada said. He added Mexico would look to stay the execution by seeking to overturn how Cardenas  confession was obtained, while also looking to exonerate him with up-to-date DNA testing. There are currently two separate appeals under way and Mexico is willing to take Cardenas  case all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court if necessary, Sada added. Mexico does not have the death penalty and opposes it, regularly clashing with the United States when Mexican nationals are set to be executed on U.S. soil. Sada said 54 Mexicans were currently facing U.S. death sentences.  The International Court of Justice (ICJ) in The Hague ruled in 2004 that the United States had violated international law by failing to inform 51 Mexicans now on death row of their right to consular assistance, and said the cases should be reviewed. Alejandro Alday, a legal advisor to the Mexican government, said Cardenas was one of the 51 covered by the ICJ ruling, and accused Texas of breaching the Vienna convention in failing to advise Cardenas of his right to consular assistance. ",1
