id,title,text,label
9018,House Republicans move to shut down Democratic sit-in over guns,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Republicans moved to force an end to the Democratic sit-in over gun control legislation by scheduling a vote on another issue later on Wednesday night, Republican lawmakers said.  “We’re going to continue to operate,” said Republican Representative John Fleming. “They can do as they please.” Fleming and other Republican lawmakers said House leaders wanted to file legislation on Zika funding on Wednesday night, so that it could be voted on later in the week. Lawmakers also said a vote was likely on legislation involving a rule submitted by the Department of Labor. ",1
9019,U.S. completes 'takedown' of Medicare fraud: officials,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. law enforcement officials have charged 301 suspects with trying to defraud Medicare and other federal insurance programs in 2016, marking the “largest takedown” involving health care fraud allegations, the Justice Department said on Wednesday. The national sweep resulted in charges against doctors, nurses, pharmacists and physical therapists accused of fraud that cost the government $900 million, the department said.      The cases involved an array of charges, including conspiracy to commit health care fraud, money laundering and violations of an anti-kickback law.  This year’s sweep exceeded last year’s record in which 243 defendants faced charges in a combined $712 million in government losses. Officials said it was the largest takedown in the nine-year history of the Medicare Fraud Strike Force, a joint initiative between federal, state and local law enforcement. Attorney General Loretta Lynch said some of the cases reflect new, troublesome trends, including instances of identity theft in order to prepare fake prescriptions and a growing number of cases involving compounding, or the mixing of medications tailored to meet a patient’s needs. Compounded medications are typically very expensive. From 2012 to 2014, the quarterly Medicare spending on these prescriptions skyrocketed from $28 million to $171 million. “As this takedown should make clear, health care fraud is not an abstract violation or benign offense,” Lynch said. “It is a serious crime.”  In one case, two owners of a group of outpatient clinics and a patient recruiter stand accused of filing $36 million in fraudulent claims for physical therapy and other services that were not medically necessary.  The Justice Department said that to find patients, the clinic operators and the recruiter targeted poor drug addicts and offered them narcotics so they could bill them for services that were never provided. Another case was filed against the operator of a marketing business that received referral fees from pharmacies that filled and billed Tricare, the U.S. military’s government insurance program, for compounded medicines.  The prescriptions were submitted via “telemedicine” sites, and doctors were given blank prescription forms to fill out, regardless of medical necessity, according to the complaint. One doctor told the FBI her identity and medical credentials were used without her permission to fill thousands of dollars worth of prescriptions.",1
9020,Medicare program spending within target rate: trustees,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. federal program that pays elderly Americans’ hospital bills will exhaust its reserves in 2028, two years sooner than last year’s estimate, trustees of the program said on Wednesday, but spending growth remained within forecasts. The Medicare program, which provides health coverage for more than 55 million older as well as disabled people, said that the projected growth rate for per capita spending has not exceeded its target. That put aside the need for the program’s regulator, the Centers for Medicaid and Medicare Services, to establish a savings target and to initiate mandatory spending cuts, their annual financial report said. As such, the government would not need to immediately set up an Independent Payment Advisory Board to make proposals on the cuts, it said. Drug stocks gained after the release of the report on Wednesday, with the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index up 2.5 percent. It had lost ground ahead of the report’s release. Wall Street analysts had worried that if the mandatory savings clause was triggered, the new board might have tried to implement cuts in prescription drug prices. “Not hitting the trigger is good news for healthcare investors,” Sanford Bernstein analyst Timothy Anderson wrote in a research note. In the annual financial review, the trustees also said that the combined Social Security and disability trust fund reserves are estimated to run out in 2034, the same projection as last year. Medicare spending in 2015 totaled $647.6 billion.    The Medicare program’s trust fund for hospital care is still scheduled to have sufficient funding 11 years longer than the estimate given before the Affordable Care Act was passed, the trustees said. The trustees put the shorter timeline down to changes in estimates of income and cost, particularly in the near term. A depletion in funds available for Medicare and Social Security does not mean the programs would suddenly stop. At the current rate of payroll tax collections, Medicare would be able to cover 87 percent of costs in 2028. This would fall to 79 percent by 2043 and then gradually increase. Social Security would be able to pay about three-quarters of scheduled benefits from 2034 to 2090, the trustees said.  ",1
9021,White House slams Zika funding bill as inadequate,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House on Thursday panned new Republican legislation to put $1.1 billion toward fighting the Zika virus, a plan that was much less than the $1.9 billion requested by President Barack Obama. “This plan from Congressional Republicans is four months late and nearly a billion dollars short of what our public health experts have said is necessary to do everything possible to fight the Zika virus and steals funding from other health priorities,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest said in a statement. ",1
9022,U.S. Senate Democratic leader dismisses Republicans' Zika funding proposal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid said an agreement announced on Wednesday by House of Representatives Republicans on $1.1 billion in new funding to fight the Zika virus was not a serious response to the threat. “A narrowly partisan proposal that cuts off women’s access to birth control, shortchanges veterans and rescinds Obamacare funds to cover the cost is not a serious response to the threat from the Zika virus,” Reid said in a statement.  ",1
9023,"Rubio seeks re-election to Senate, says Trump 'worrisome'","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio will seek re-election to his U.S. Senate seat, he announced on Wednesday, reversing a pledge not to run and saying the prospect of a Donald Trump presidency worries him. The first-term Florida senator said the Senate can be frustrating, but that it is also a place where policy advances can be made and one that can counteract the power of the White House. “But as we begin the next chapter in the history of our nation, there’s another role for the Senate that could end up being its most important in the years to come: The Constitutional power to act as a check and balance on the excesses of a president,” Rubio said in a statement. The 45-year-old lawmaker, a proven fund-raiser who is well known nationally, had been under intense pressure to run, especially given the cost of contesting an important election swing-state where campaign advertising is expensive. Republicans are more likely to retain his seat if he is a candidate in the Nov. 8 general election, as they face a tough fight to preserve their majority in the Senate. He could also rally Republican voters to head to the polls in a state that is critical in the presidential race. President Barack Obama, a Democrat, took Florida by just a one percentage-point margin in 2012 over Republican Mitt Romney. This year, Republicans must defend 24 of the 54 seats they now hold in the 100-member Senate, compared with just 10 the Democrats have to fight to retain. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has said it would be a “terrific outcome” if Rubio decided to run.  Rubio had harsh words for Hillary Clinton, the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee, predicting her election would mean four more years of what he termed Obama’s “failed” policies. But he said the prospect of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump winning the White House was also “worrisome,” citing Trump’s statements about women and minorities and noting that many of the likely Republican nominee’s positions on important issues are unknown. “If he is elected, we will need Senators willing to encourage him in the right direction, and if necessary, stand up to him,” Rubio’s statement said. Still, he pledged to vote for Trump, a real estate mogul and political neophyte who has shaken the Republican establishment.  “It’s not the choice I wanted ... and it’s not the choice a lot of people are comfortable with, but it’s the choice we have,” he told CNN in an interview. His announcement did not mention the massacre last week at a gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida, but he had said in recent days he was reconsidering his decision not to run because of his concern about serious events in the country, including the mass shooting. The decision reversed a campaign pledge Rubio made a year ago to retire from the Senate if his presidential bid failed. He ended his bid for the nomination in March after losing the primary in his home state to Trump following a harsh war of words. The Cook Political Report said Rubio’s announcement “breathed new life” into Republican chances of holding onto the seat but still rated the race as a toss-up, citing his poor Senate attendance record and the senator’s remarks during his presidential campaign that he was “frustrated” with the upper chamber. Republican U.S. Representative David Jolly, who had been seeking the Senate seat, opened the door for Rubio to run when he stepped aside last week.  After Wednesday’s announcement, Florida Lieutenant Governor Carlos Lopez Cantera, a friend of Rubio, and Republican U.S. Representative Ron DeSantis also scrapped plans to seek the seat. Other Republicans, however, have not announced plans to quit ahead of Florida’s Aug. 30 primary. U.S. Representative Patrick Murphy, a leading Democratic challenger, accused Rubio of first abandoning his constituents, and now “treating them like a consolation prize.” ",1
9024,Ryan says Democratic 'sit-in' demanding gun control vote is publicity stunt,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Wednesday a sit-in by Democratic representatives aimed at pushing for a vote on gun control legislation was a publicity stunt and he would not bring the bill up for a vote. “They know that we will not bring a bill that takes away a person’s constitutionally guaranteed rights without ... due process,” Ryan said in an interview with CNN. “We don’t agree with that. The Senate already doesn’t agree with that.... This is a publicity stunt.” ",1
9025,"Former Ford, Bush national security adviser Scowcroft endorses Clinton","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Brent Scowcroft, who was national security adviser to two Republican U.S. presidents, on Wednesday endorsed Democrat Hillary Clinton for president over Donald Trump, in a snub of the Republican Party’s likely nominee by a prominent member of its security wing. “The presidency requires the judgment and the knowledge to make tough calls under pressure,” the Republican elder statesman said in a statement. “I believe Hillary Clinton has the wisdom and experience to lead our country at this critical time.” Scowcroft, 91, served as national security adviser under Presidents Gerald Ford and George H. W. Bush. Ford was president from 1974 to 1977 and Bush from 1989 to 1993. He joined a number of well-known Republicans defecting due to the prospect of a Trump presidency, including Richard Armitage, deputy secretary of state under President George W. Bush.  Armitage gave Clinton, 68, who was secretary of state under Democratic President Barack Obama, his backing last week. Trump “doesn’t appear to be a Republican, he doesn’t appear to want to learn about issues. So, I’m going to vote for Mrs. Clinton,” Armitage told Politico at the time.  The Trump campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Scowcroft’s endorsement of Clinton. Trump, 70, who has never held elected office, often boasts on the campaign trail his relative newness to politics, appealing to voters disillusioned by the current political climate.  Despite that facet of his appeal - which helped Trump beat 16 rivals in the campaign’s primary phase to become his party’s presumptive nominee - establishment Republicans worry that his inexperience and brash style will alienate foreign allies and other international partners. Among his proposals, Trump has criticized NATO, a cornerstone of U.S. security policy, and said he would consider letting Japan and South Korea develop their own nuclear weapons instead of relying on the United States for protection against North Korea and China. “Secretary Clinton shares my belief that America must remain the world’s indispensable leader,” Scowcroft said. “She understands that our leadership and engagement beyond our borders makes the world, and therefore the United States, more secure and prosperous.” Trump has said he would strengthen national security, but has offered few details about his plans, other than his proposals to build a wall at the U.S.-Mexican border and for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States.  Many national security experts have expressed alarm over the proposed ban and have warned that Trump’s fiery rhetoric on the campaign trail is fueling extremism. ",1
9026,"Clinton offers her vision for U.S economy, rebukes Trump's","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democrat Hillary Clinton said on Wednesday that if the U.S. Congress does not act to close tax loopholes that benefit the wealthy and corporations, she will ask the Treasury Department to take up the issue if she is elected president. “Let’s make sure that Wall Street, corporations and the super rich pay their fair share of taxes,” Clinton said in Raleigh, North Carolina, the state capital. The former U.S. secretary of state used her campaign stop to offer her vision for bolstering the economy after using a speech on the topic on Tuesday to attack presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump, predicting a “Trump recession” if he becomes president. Trump delivered his own speech attacking Clinton on Wednesday, saying she is part of a political establishment that has cheated American workers through bad trade deals. In her speech on Wednesday, Clinton said, “I think it’s an understatement to say Americans face a choice in November. “I’m here today to offer an alternative. “When people say the game is rigged, the best evidence is the (U.S.) tax code. It is riddled with scams, loopholes and other special breaks,” added Clinton, the presumptive Democratic  nominee. She said that if the Republican-controlled Congress does not enact reforms to end tax breaks for the wealthy, she would use her presidential authority to direct the Treasury Department to do so. Democratic President Barack Obama has faced criticism for using executive action. In one example, he used executive power to shield certain groups from the threat of deportation when immigration legislation stalled in Congress. Clinton said modifying the tax code is one prong in a five-part plan the federal government would follow to jump-start the American economy if she is elected on Nov. 8: - Large-scale investment in rebuilding infrastructure to create well-paying jobs;  - Enabling debt-free college educations; - Giving companies incentives to share profits with employees; - Creating national family-friendly policies such as paid family leave. In a nod to populists within the Democratic Party who may have supported U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders during the Democratic Primary, Clinton also said she would aim to raise the federal minimum wage, strengthen labor unions and reject international trade deals that do not benefit U.S. workers. “As I said during the primary, I am a progressive who likes to get things done, and we can do this,” Clinton said. ",1
9027,"Seeking to regain ground, Trump calls Clinton corrupt and a liar","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump staged a harsh attack on his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton on Wednesday, accusing her of corruption and dangerous incompetence as he tried to put his campaign back on track after recent setbacks. In a speech in New York that Clinton’s campaign called “nutty” and that was criticized by some Republicans, Trump argued that the former secretary of state is part of a political establishment that has cheated American workers through bad trade deals and endangered U.S. national security. Both candidates are seeking to overcome their high unfavorable ratings among voters at the Nov. 8 election by painting the other as a villain who puts personal gain over the interests of less powerful Americans.  Even by the standards of modern presidential races, the sparring between Clinton, a former secretary of state and U.S. senator, and brash businessman Trump has made for unusually acidic rhetoric. “Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency of the United States,” Trump told a small crowd of supporters at a hotel he owns in Manhattan, accusing her of having run the State Department “like her own personal hedge fund.”  Clinton’s staff quickly dismissed that attack and others as “lies.” Trump read his speech from a teleprompter to curb his off-the-cuff comments but he pulled no punches. He said Clinton “has perfected the politics of personal profit and theft” and described her as “a world-class liar.” Republican Lindsey Graham, a U.S. senator from South Carolina who has so far declined to support Trump, said he disagreed that Clinton may be the most corrupt person to have run for the White House, and challenged Trump to become more presidential. “My advice to Mr. Trump would be to make the case that you have the temperament, knowledge and judgment to be president,” he said on CNN. “That’s the mountain you’ve got to climb.” Trump’s campaign has been distracted in recent weeks by racially-charged comments he made about a Mexican-American judge and the Republican’s firing of campaign manager Corey Lewandowski this week.     The New York real estate mogul is trailing Clinton in most opinion polls, and campaign finance figures released on Monday show he has raised only a fraction of the amount Clinton has brought in, although Trump has said he is willing to loan his campaign more money.     In his speech, Trump repeated accusations that Clinton’s decisions as America’s top diplomat were influenced by donations to the Clinton Foundation and associated charities.  Clinton and her staff have denied this and similar allegations, dismissing them as politically motivated smears. “The only thing Donald Trump offered today was more hypocritical lies and nutty conspiracy theories,” Clinton spokesman Glen Caplin said. The State Department has said it is not aware of any evidence of improper influence, although it has acknowledged that new donations from foreign governments should have been submitted to the department’s ethics advisers for prior review but were not, in breach of an ethics agreement Clinton signed before taking office. Trump attacked the Clinton Foundation for accepting millions of dollars from Saudi Arabia and other countries criticized by the United States for not protecting the rights of women and gay people. Clinton’s husband, former President Bill Clinton, has said that accepting such funding is not an endorsement of everything a foreign government does. Clinton added a pointed defense of the Clinton Foundation in a speech later on Wednesday. “The Clinton Foundation helps poor people around the world get access to lifesaving AIDS medicine,” she told cheering supporters in Raleigh, North Carolina. “Donald Trump uses poor people around the world to produce his line of suits and ties.” Trump also said Clinton had used bad political judgment in her four years as secretary of state, failing to stop the rise of Islamic State, keep strong sanctions on Iran or avoid chaos in Libya. “Her decisions spread death, destruction and terrorism everywhere she touched,” Trump said.          On Tuesday, Clinton delivered her own blistering attack on Trump, saying that putting him in the White House would be a disaster for the U.S. economy.  On Wednesday, Clinton won the endorsement of former U.S. National Security Adviser Brent Scowcroft, a Republican who served under Presidents Gerald Ford and George H.W. Bush. A Reuters/Ipsos poll this week showed that 44.5 percent of likely voters backed Clinton, while 35.5 percent supported Trump. Some of the accusations made by Trump on Wednesday appeared to contradict the public record. He said Clinton would admit hundreds of thousands of refugees to the United States without any prior screening. But under the current process, refugees must wait months or years in foreign camps while U.S. security agencies review their backgrounds, a system Clinton supports. Trump said Clinton was sleeping “soundly” in her bed as a deadly attack unfolded in Benghazi, Libya, in 2012 in which four Americans were killed. State Department records show Clinton was in her State Department office when news of the opening assaults came through. She has said she later worked through the night on the U.S. response.             ",1
9028,Harris Corp wins $1.7 billion U.S. defense contract: Pentagon,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Harris Corp was awarded a $1.7 billion firm-fixed-price, multi-year foreign military sales contract to supply Afghanistan with Harris radios, ancillaries, spare parts and services, the Pentagon said on Wednesday. It said the contract, inadvertently announced on June 16, is effective on Wednesday. ",1
9029,Sanders: It doesn't appear that I'm going to be the nominee,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders said that while he does not think he will be the party’s nominee for the Nov. 8 election, he will likely speak at the Democratic National Convention in July, according to an interview with C-SPAN.  “It doesn’t appear that I’m going to be the nominee,” Sanders, a U.S. Senator from Vermont, said in the interview, which is set to air on Wednesday. “If for whatever reason they don’t want me to speak, then whatever. But I do think I’ll speak at the convention.” ",1
9030,House Democrats will stage sit-in until they get gun control bill: Pelosi,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said on Wednesday a sit-in on the House floor by Democrats will continue until a gun control bill is brought to the floor of the chamber for debate. “We are in for the long haul here,” Pelosi said. ",1
9031,Trump to detour from campaign to visit Scotland golf properties,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Facing slumping poll numbers and a shakeup of his team, U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump takes a detour from the campaign trail this week to visit his golf resorts in Scotland. Trump leaves Thursday on a three-day trip centered on the grand reopening of Trump Turnberry, which the New York businessman bought in 2014 and renovated at an estimated cost of $290 million. He will also visit his other Scottish golf property in Aberdeen. His visit to Scotland, the birthplace of his mother, comes as Britain votes on Thursday on whether to remain in the European Union. Trump has said Britain would probably be better off if it left the EU. He will hold a news conference on Friday when he will doubtless be asked to respond to the vote. Trump’s trip abroad comes at an unusual time given the political calendar. With less than a month left until the Republican convention in Cleveland where he is to be formally nominated, Trump is lagging in fundraising and campaign organization and taking heavy fire from Democrat Hillary Clinton, his likely opponent in the Nov. 8 election. He is under pressure to adopt a more presidential demeanor and strengthen his campaign organization after a rocky period in which he criticized a U.S.-born federal judge as unfair because of his Mexican heritage and took fire for his response to the killing of 49 people at an Orlando, Florida, nightclub. Just this week, he fired campaign manager Corey Lewandowski at the urging of family members alarmed at the direction of his campaign. It also emerged that he had only $1.3 million in cash on hand at the end of May to fund his campaign, compared with  Clinton’s war chest of $42 million. His poll numbers have also dropped. After sealing the nomination seven weeks ago, Trump was basically tied in national polls with Clinton. But she has crept ahead in many polls in the past two weeks. Trump and his aides see the Scotland visit as a chance to showcase his far-flung business empire and job-creating abilities. Aides said the trip also reinforced his ancestral ties to Scotland and his love of family, with his children playing an important role in his business dealings. But many Republicans see Trump’s trip to Scotland as a waste of valuable time. “It has nothing to do with running for president,” said Republican strategist Rick Tyler, who was a spokesman for  former presidential candidate, U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas. “It speaks to the non-seriousness of the campaign when you’re taking time off the campaign trail to leave the country for a place where there are no voters.” Trump’s golf properties are among his proudest business possessions and he is particularly proud of Turnberry, where the British Open has been played four times, including the famed “Duel in the Sun” in 1977 when Tom Watson edged Jack Nicklaus by one stroke. Limiting the trip to his golf properties means there are likely to be fewer chances for missteps like 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney’s gaffe-filled trip to London, Jerusalem and Poland four years ago. But it offers little chance for Trump to burnish his foreign policy credentials. “Traditionally, nominees take overseas trips to build their foreign policy chops,” said Republican strategist Scott Reed. Trump is not meeting British Prime Minister David Cameron, who has denounced Trump as divisive for his proposed Muslim ban and anti-immigrant rhetoric. ",1
9032,House Republicans unveil healthcare alternative to Obamacare,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives unveiled an alternative plan to overhaul the nation’s healthcare system on Wednesday, slamming Obamacare even as they aimed to keep some of its more popular provisions. Their proposal, part of broader effort by House Speaker Paul Ryan to offer a Republican agenda ahead of the Nov. 8 elections, is conservatives’ latest bid to “repeal and replace” the 2010 law. Ryan, the country’s highest-ranking elected Republican, is offering the proposal as the party seeks to maintain control of both the House and the Senate and take over the White House. Other proposals cover tax reform, address poverty as well as national security. Republicans have challenged President Barack Obama’s signature Affordable Care Act since it was enacted and have voted repeatedly to repeal it. Obama, a Democrat, has said it has helped some 20 million Americans get health care coverage. Ryan acknowledged his agenda was unlikely to displace current law anytime soon.     “We’re not going to repeal Obamacare when the current president of the United States is a guy named Obama,” he told reporters. “What we are laying out today is a first-time-in-six-years consensus by the Republicans in the House on what we replace Obamacare with.” In their plan, which is not formal legislation, House Republicans blasted Obamacare for limiting patients’ choices, increasing consumer costs, and burying employers and health care providers under new regulations. Ryan’s proposal would keep some popular pieces, including not allowing people with pre-existing conditions to be denied coverage and permitting children to stay on their parents’ coverage until age 26. It would also allow states that have already expanded the number of people eligible for Medicaid under the law to maintain the additional coverage, although it would prevent any new states from doing so.      For people without insurance through their jobs, the Republicans would establish a refundable tax credit. Obamacare also provides subsidies for people to buy insurance if they do not qualify for Medicaid. It also includes long-held Republican proposals such as allowing consumers to buy health insurance across state lines, expanding health savings accounts, reforming medical liability rules and giving block grants to states to run Medicaid programs for the poor. Democrats, who have said they are open to tweaking Obamacare, dismissed Ryan’s proposals as little more than warmed-over ideas that have long been in the Republican playbook.  House Republican would gradually raise the Medicare eligibility age, now 65, to match that of the Social Security pension plan, which is 67 for people born in 1960 or later. Like Obamacare’s so-called Cadillac tax on expensive healthcare plans offered by employers, which goes into effect in 2018, the Republican proposal would cap the tax deductibility of employer-based plans.  Industry groups struck a bipartisan tone in their reaction ahead of the election, as it remains to be seen who ultimately wins control of Congress and the White House.  “We stand ready to work with both parties on market-based solutions that improve access and affordability for consumers,” said Marilyn Tavenner, president of America’s Health Insurance Plans. ",1
9033,Democratic senators ask Justice Department to block insurance megamergers,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Seven Democratic senators urged the U.S. Justice Department on Wednesday to block two mergers of major health insurance companies, saying that the proposed deals would mean higher premiums and lower-quality healthcare for consumers. The department is reviewing Aetna Inc’s $33 billion plan to buy Humana Inc and Anthem Inc’s $48 billion proposal to buy Cigna Corp. If approved, the deals, both of which were announced last July, would reduce the number of national health insurance carriers from five to three. “We urge the DOJ (Justice Department) to challenge these mergers from proceeding and to prevent the damage they would cause to competition and consumers,” wrote Senators Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut, Al Franken of Minnesota, Elizabeth Warren and Edward Markey of Massachusetts, Sherrod Brown of Ohio, Dianne Feinstein of California and Mazie Hirono of Hawaii. The letter was dated Wednesday and addressed to Renata Hesse, who heads the Justice Department’s Antitrust Division. In the letter, the lawmakers said they were skeptical of the idea that the proposed deals would be good for consumers because the companies could use their larger size to hammer out better deals for patients.  “The evidence overwhelmingly suggests that few if any cost savings secured by the merging firms through the exercise of market power will be passed on to consumers,” they wrote. The lawmakers also disagreed with the notion that the sale of carefully chosen assets to a competitor could resolve antitrust issues, and pointed to past instances where mergers with divestitures led to higher premiums or where competitors bought divested assets, but then did not use them. “We are not convinced that any divestitures required of the merging parties will succeed today, given that they have so clearly failed in the recent past,” the lawmakers wrote. Capitol Hill does not have a say in whether the Justice Department sues to stop deals. Aetna spokesman T.J. Crawford said that the company planned to close the merger with Humana in the second half of this year. “We believe a combined company is in the best interest of consumers. We continue to cooperate with the Department of Justice on its thorough review of the transaction,” Crawford said. Representatives of Anthem could not immediately be reached for comment. ",1
9034,Warren to campaign with Clinton in Ohio on Monday,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts will campaign with presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton in Ohio on Monday, Clinton’s campaign said. “Clinton and Warren will discuss their shared commitment to building an America that is stronger together and an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top,” according to a campaign statement on Wednesday. Warren, who recently endorsed Clinton, is an influential progressive within the Democratic Party and a potential vice presidential pick for Clinton.  ",1
9035,Florida lieutenant governor ends bid for Senate seat,"(Reuters) - Florida’s Republican lieutenant governor, Carlos Lopez-Cantera, on Wednesday dropped his bid for a U.S. Senate seat shortly after Senator Marco Rubio said he would be entering the race. “I want to congratulate and thank Marco for his decision to pursue re-election to the U.S. Senate,” Lopez-Cantera, a friend of Rubio’s, said in a statement. ",1
9036,Rubio says prospect of Trump president is 'worrisome',"(Reuters) - U.S. Senator Marco Rubio said on Wednesday that he was running for re-election in part to provide a counter-weight to whomever might win the White House in November, whether Democrat Hillary Clinton or Republican Donald Trump. Rubio criticized Clinton in a statement he released to explain his decision, but added: “The prospect of a Trump presidency is also worrisome to me.” “If he is elected, we will need senators willing to encourage him in the right direction, and if necessary, stand up to him. I’ve proven a willingness to do both,” Rubio said. ",1
9037,Peru president-elect jokes about ending ties with U.S. if Trump wins,"LIMA (Reuters) - Peru’s president-elect Pedro Pablo Kuczynski said amid laughter on Tuesday that his government would sever ties with the United States if Republican Donald Trump wins the U.S. presidential election in November. Kuczynski, a 77-year-old former investment banker who won the Andean country’s tight runoff race earlier this month, said he mentioned his worries about a Trump presidency to U.S. President Barack Obama on a congratulatory phone call. Asked by a reporter what would happen to relations with the United States if Trump wins, a laughing Kuczynski said “we’re going to grab a saw and cut them off!” The presumptive Republican nominee in the race to succeed Obama, Trump has sparked criticism across Latin America for his anti-immigrant rhetoric, especially in Mexico where President Enrique Pena Nieto has compared his campaign to the rise of Adolf Hitler. Trump is a threat to the region “because he wants to put up a wall between the United States and Latin America and make Mexicans pay for it!” Kuczynski said in reference to Trump’s proposal for stemming the flow of undocumented immigrants and drugs across the southern U.S. border. Peru is a leading global supplier of copper and gold. It also shares the dubious distinction with neighboring Colombia of being one of the world’s leading producers of cocaine. Peru and the United States implemented a free trade agreement in 2009 and are both signatories of the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, which Trump has criticized. ",1
9038,Clinton's lead over Trump narrows to nine points: Reuters/Ipsos,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Democrat Hillary Clinton’s lead over Republican rival Donald Trump has slipped by about five percentage points since mid-June, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Tuesday, bringing the race for the White House to within nine points.  The poll showed that 44.5 percent of likely voters supported former secretary of state Clinton while 35.5 percent backed businessman Trump. That compares with 46.6 percent support for Clinton and 32.3 percent for Trump on June 12, a date that marked her widest lead for the month. Trump has focused much of his energy in recent days on the mass shooting in Orlando, Florida by a U.S.-born gunman pledging allegiance to Islamic State militant group. Trump vowed to ban people from entering the United States from countries with links to terrorism against America or its allies. Hardline national security proposals have help Trump win increased support from voters in the past, including after the shootings in San Bernardino, California and Paris late last year. Clinton responded to the Orlando attack by calling for increased intelligence gathering and air strikes on Islamic State forces, while warning against demonizing American Muslims. She has also criticized Trump’s positions on foreign policy and the economy, saying a Trump presidency would be a “disaster”.  The June 17-21 poll of 1,100 likely voters has a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of 3.4 percentage points. ",1
9039,Former California state senator pleads guilty to corruption charge,"LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Former California Senator Ron Calderon pleaded guilty in a federal court on Tuesday to a single count of mail fraud, ending a public corruption case in which he admitted to accepting tens of thousands of dollars in bribes, prosecutors said. Calderon, a Democrat from the Los Angeles suburb of Montebello, left office in 2014 after serving a dozen years in the state Senate and four years in the Assembly. Sentencing is set for Sept. 19. The 58-year-old former politician reached a plea agreement with federal prosecutors last week, several weeks before he was scheduled to go on trial on charges contained in a 24-count indictment. His mail fraud offense carries a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison, but prosecutors agreed under the terms of Calderon’s plea deal to seek a sentence of no more than 70 months, the U.S. Attorney’s Office said in a statement. Once an influential figure in the California Legislature, Calderon was one of three Democrats in the state Senate  suspended over ethics charges in 2014, costing their party a cherished two-thirds Senate majority during an election year. According to his indictment, Calderon accepted $100,000 in bribes from the owner of a Long Beach hospital to preserve a loophole in the law that allowed companies controlled by the owner to charge more for hardware used in spinal surgeries. Calderon also was accused of taking bribes from undercover FBI agents posing as Hollywood movie executives in exchange for steering legislation in their favor.  His older brother, Tom Calderon, 62, a former member of the California state Assembly who became a political consultant, also was named in the indictment. He pleaded guilty last Monday to a federal money-laundering charge for allowing bribes earmarked for his brother to be funneled through his firm, according to the U.S. Attorney’s Office. Prosecutors have agreed to recommend a sentence of no more than a year in prison for the elder Calderon brother.     ",1
9040,'Glimmer of hope' seen for compromise U.S. gun control bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. senators pushed for a compromise gun control bill on Tuesday, a day after the Senate failed to advance four gun measures following last week’s mass shooting in Orlando, the deadliest in modern U.S. history.   Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said he would schedule a vote on a bill by fellow Republican Senator Susan Collins that would prevent about 109,000 people on “no-fly” and other surveillance lists from purchasing guns. Collins said she expected a vote on the bill this week or next. On Monday, the Senate defeated a Democratic prohibition on gun sales to people on a broader range of government watch lists, while also blocking a narrower Republican measure.  Some senior Republicans would not commit to supporting the Collins bill, citing worries about people being denied the ability to buy weapons without adequate safeguards. But the No. 3 Senate Democrat, Chuck Schumer, told reporters: “There may be a glimmer of hope now,” adding that Collins’ proposal seemed to be “a step in the right direction.” The measure is being debated in the Senate before the Nov. 8 election when Democrats hope to win control of the Senate and gain seats in the House of Representatives. Democrats believe Republican congressional opposition to wider control bills gives them a powerful campaign issue. It was too soon to tell if President Barack Obama would support the Collins bill. Spokesman Josh Earnest said senior officials including lawyers at the Department of Justice were taking a look at it. “If the assessment is that this would enhance the ability of our law enforcement professionals to keep us safe and prevent suspected terrorists from purchasing a gun, then that’s likely something that we’ll be able to support,” Earnest told reporters in a daily briefing.   In the Senate on Monday, four measures to expand background checks on gun buyers and curb gun sales to those on terrorism watch lists - two put forth by Democrats and two by Republicans - fell short of the 60 votes needed for passage in the 100-member chamber. The votes were a bitter setback to advocates who have failed to get even modest gun curbs through Congress despite repeated mass shootings. The bills lost in largely party-line votes that showed the political power in Congress of gun rights defenders and the National Rifle Association. The White House accused U.S. senators of a “shameful display of cowardice” and said they failed the American people by not advancing any gun control measures after the Florida shooting. The gunman, Omar Mateen, pledged allegiance to Islamic State during the June 12 rampage in which he killed 49 people and wounded 53 at an Orlando gay nightclub before being fatally shot by police. Senator John Cornyn of Texas, the No. 2 Senate Republican, said he had concerns about the Collins measure. “It’s a slippery slope when an American citizen is denied a constitutional right, without forcing the government to come forward with some evidence on the front end” that a person should be prohibited from buying guns, he said.   After Monday’s votes, the Senate also debated a different tactic for battling domestic attacks that could be inspired by Islamic State and other foreign militant groups. Senators were aiming to vote by Wednesday on legislation by Republican John McCain of Arizona expanding the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s ability to conduct secret surveillance in counter terrorism investigations. “This week we’ll have the opportunity to strengthen our ability to combat lone wolf terrorists and connect the dots so we are better able to prevent terrorist attacks in the United States” such as the Orlando massacre, McConnell said. Collins, who held a news conference with eight other senators including Democrat Bill Nelson of Florida, said her bill would stop about 2,700 Americans and 106,300 foreign national on surveillance lists from buying guns. “We believe that if you are too dangerous to fly on an airplane you are too dangerous to buy a gun,” the Maine lawmaker said. She said Americans and immigrants with work permits could appeal a denial and recover lawyers’ fees if they prevailed.  Nelson said he owed it to the families of the victims in the Orlando shooting as well as police and other first responders to the carnage.  It was not clear whether Collins’ plan would draw significant bipartisan support. The NRA said her proposal was “unconstitutional” and would not have prevented the Orlando attack.  Gun control groups promised to intensify their push for legislative action, and not just in Washington. Shannon Watts, founder of Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America, said her group, besides supporting pro-gun control candidates for Congress, would work to strengthen gun-sale background check laws “state by state until Congress acts.” “If the NRA and their lapdogs in the Senate thought moms would feel dispirited and back down, they are sorely mistaken,” Watts told reporters in a teleconference. ",1
9041,Senate prepares Puerto Rico debt debate amid Democrats' concerns,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid said on Tuesday that amendments were necessary to a Puerto Rico debt bill that Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said would be voted on by next week. Reid, speaking to reporters, said changes were needed to the federal board overseeing the restructuring of Puerto Rico’s $70 billion debt under the bill, but he did not say whether Democrats would be successful in making any changes. The House of Representatives passed a Puerto Rico debt relief bill on June 9, following months of internal debate. Supporters hope the Senate passes that bill, without any amendment, before July 1, when Puerto Rico faces a deadline for making a $1.9 billion debt payment. The Caribbean island, which is a U.S. territory, is suffering a poverty rate of about 45 percent and has been hobbled by worsening debt problems. Some schools and medical facilities are closing and thousands of residents are relocating to the U.S. mainland, further shrinking Puerto Rico’s tax base. While Reid said he had “some serious concerns” with the current bill, which was negotiated by the Obama administration and lawmakers in the House, he did not say whether he expected any amendments to succeed in the Senate. A Senate debate over amendments could simply help put Democrats on record registering their concerns with the legislation. “At the very minimum, we need some amendments to make sure that people understand what is not in that bill,” Reid said. Democrats in both chambers have voiced concerns over some potential minimum-wage reductions for young workers that Republicans included in the House bill. They also have said the federal oversight board, to be appointed by Washington, might not have Puerto Rico’s best interests in mind. Supporters of the bill have argued it is the best measure that can pass the Republican-controlled Congress and that  Puerto Rico could slip into chaos without action. ",1
9042,"Trump shrugs off campaign funding lag, cites personal wealth","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican Donald Trump said on Tuesday his “unlimited” trove of personal wealth would help compensate for his poor presidential campaign fundraising, even as he took steps to court new donors to help win the White House. The New York real estate mogul raised only $3.1 million in individual contributions in May and ended the month with $1.3 million in cash, leaving him far behind his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton who brought in $26 million and closed the month’s books with a $42 million war chest. The figures underscore the huge cash advantage Clinton is hoping to enjoy leading into the Nov. 8 presidential election, one that could allow her a large staff and millions of dollars of television and digital ads in battleground states. Trump, who openly shunned donations while winning the party nomination, rebuffed criticism from Republicans who say he needs to raise cash for the general election fight against Clinton. His campaign might need in excess of $1 billion by some estimates but Trump said money was not a problem.      “If need be, there could be unlimited ‘cash on hand’ as I would put up my own money,” Trump said in a statement, which asserted he had already spent over $50 million dollars on his bid for the White House.  The billionaire candidate added that his campaign also costs less than a traditional one because it is “is leaner and more efficient, like our government should be.” Trump has said he is worth more than $10 billion, but much of his money is tied up in properties and businesses. Estimates from outside groups have put Trump’s wealth as low as $1 billion. Forbes magazine estimates it at $4.5 billion. According to Trump’s most recent personal financial disclosure with the Federal Election Commission, in May, he had between $65 mln and $175 million in liquid assets – money in funds, equities and cash. Despite Trump’s professed lack of concern for standard campaign fundraising, he took steps to boost donations. Several sources with knowledge of Trump’s fundraising activities said he will attend a dinner on Tuesday evening to court hedge fund managers and other Wall Street donors.  Woody Johnson, the billionaire investor and owner of the New York Jets football team, is also hosting a breakfast for Trump at a high-end restaurant in Manhattan on Wednesday morning. Targeting smaller donors, Trump on Tuesday also sent his first email asking for donations, telling supporters that he will match their contributions up to $2 million. Trump’s allies, donors, and other Republican operatives have expressed concerns about his campaign operation, which has been dogged by internal battles, a threadbare campaign infrastructure, and thin fundraising apparatus. “Without money you don’t have a campaign,” said Stan Hubbard, a Republican donor from Minnesota who owns a chain of radio stations and who has contributed to Trump.  “He’s got to call on people to give money and stop all this nonsense about funding his own campaign,” Hubbard said.  Trump this week fired his campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, who had been overseeing the campaign’s fundraising arm. Trump has spent much of the race so far breaking the mold of a traditional campaign, defeating a crowded field of primary opponents who vastly outspent him in ads and staff.     During the Republican primary race, he often told his supporters not to contribute money and ridiculed opponents for accepting cash from special interest groups and wealthy contributors.     He has so far showed little interest in calling donors to ask for money for his general election battle. He only began holding in-person fundraisers in late May. “Trump defeated the most talented GOP field in a generation with less staff, less experience and less money in much less time,” said Republican strategist Keith Appell.  “That said, Trump’s campaign needs to transition quickly to a national, general election effort online, on the air and on the ground – his populist, anti-Washington, new leadership message has been muddled by sideshow issues.” Trump has loaned his campaign $46 million since launching last year, federal filings show. He often uses his own plane to travel to campaign events, and also uses his hotels and other properties as venues - expenses he is required by law to reimburse from his campaign funds. The campaign has spent about $6.2 million with Trump businesses including TAG Air and his Mar-a-Lago property in Florida. It has also reimbursed Trump about $390,000 for some payroll and other expenses.  The Republican National Committee, meanwhile, announced it raised $11 million in May, and had $19.9 million in cash at the beginning of June. The RNC will help Trump’s effort to get elected, but also helps fund congressional races.   ",1
9043,Senate Republican leader says plans vote on compromise gun bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said on Tuesday he plans to bring a compromise gun control measure to a vote, a day after competing proposals to tighten gun ownership rules failed to clear the chamber.”I am going to be working to make sure” the Senate votes on a compromise measure being worked on by Republican Senator Susan Collins, McConnell told reporters. Separately, Collins said at a news conference that a vote on her measure could come this week or next. ",1
9044,Trump announces new hires to expand campaign operations,"(Reuters) - Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump has hired several new staff members to expand his campaign for the November election, including Jim Murphy as national political director to focus on key battleground states, his campaign said on Tuesday. Other new hires listed in a Trump campaign statement included Lucia Castellano as director of human resources, Brad Parscale as the campaign’s digital director, and Kevin Kellems as director of surrogates. ",1
9045,Kerry meets authors of dissenting cable on U.S. Syria policy,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met on Tuesday with about 10 of the 51 State Department officials who last week wrote a cable disagreeing with U.S. policy toward Syria and arguing for “a more militarily assertive U.S. role.” Multiple U.S. officials have said they do not expect the memo, conveyed through the State Department’s relatively rarely used “dissent channel,” a conduit for voicing contrary views, to change U.S. President Barack Obama’s policy. In the cable, the diplomats call for military strikes against President Bashar al-Assad’s government to stop its persistent violations of a civil war ceasefire Obama’s policy toward Syria, where a civil war has burned for more than five years, has been predicated on the goal of avoiding deeper military entanglements in the Middle East, and has been widely criticized as hesitant and risk-averse. Obama’s limited intervention has focused on fighting the Islamic State militant group that controls a swathe of Syria and Iraq and that has inspired attacks on U.S. soil. The memo by the State Department officials demanded a more muscular stance. While State Department spokesman John Kirby said that Kerry had met with about 10 of the officials for half an hour on Tuesday, he declined to provide details of their discussion about the cable, which the department has not made public. “We believe that achieving our objectives will continue to elude us if we do not include the use of military force as an option to enforce the Cessation of Hostilities (CoH) and compel the Syrian regime to abide by its terms as well as to negotiate a political solution in good faith,” said a draft of the memo posted online by The New York Times. ",1
9046,Federal judges question intent behind North Carolina voting law,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Federal appeals court judges on Tuesday probed the intent behind a sweeping 2013 North Carolina law that changed the state’s election rules. A lawyer for the state, Thomas Farr, defended the law and denied claims by attorneys for the U.S. Justice Department and civil rights groups that the law intentionally suppressed minority voters, speaking before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit in Richmond, Virginia. The court already temporarily stayed the law’s provisions that eliminate voters’ ability to register the same day they vote and to vote outside their assigned precincts, methods that critics say are disproportionately used by minority voters. If the appeals court follows a lower court’s April ruling and upholds the law, those options may not be available for North Carolina voters in the upcoming election in November, widely viewed as one of the most critical presidential and general elections in recent U.S. history. Judge Henry Floyd asked Farr about the fact that the legislature considered an expanded version of the law soon after the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in Shelby County v. Holder that Congress could no longer subject states with a record of race-based voter discrimination to special elections oversight. North Carolina’s Republican-controlled legislature got the “opportunity” to change some “pretty liberal voter registration provisions” with that decision, Floyd said.  “And it happened the same day Shelby was decided. Looks pretty bad to me, in terms of purposeful discrimination,” he added. Judge James Wynn asked Farr what type of voter behavior information the state legislature considered when passing the law: “At the time that it enacted this, did it have ... information that the use of these particular procedures was disproportionately higher in the minority community than they were in the non-minority community?”  Farr replied that the state board of elections launched a campaign to educate voters about the new requirements. “When these rules were used in 2014 election, African-American turnout increased at a higher rate than whites,” Farr told Reuters by email after the hearing. Attorneys for the civil rights groups opposing the law appeared jubilant afterwards, greeting supporters outside the courthouse and at a local church in Richmond, where NAACP members sang, spoke and answered questions from reporters. “The judges asked really probing questions to understand the crux of the matter,” said Allison Riggs, a lawyer for the Southern Coalition for Social Justice. “The court below just got the law wrong.” ",1
9047,Clinton says Trump presidency would be 'disastrous' for U.S. economy,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democrat Hillary Clinton said on Tuesday that if Republican rival Donald Trump wins the White House, it will be a disaster for the U.S. economy, predicting a “Trump recession.” “Now I don’t say this because of typical political disagreements - liberals and conservatives say Trump’s ideas would be disastrous,” Clinton said. “Economists on the right, the left and the center all agree Trump would throw us back into recession.” Clinton’s speech in Columbus, Ohio, a state that will be a battleground in the Nov. 8 election, was the second in which she has argued the wealthy businessman is “temperamentally unfit” to lead the country. The first was on foreign relations and national security. “Donald Trump has said he is qualified to be president because of his business record,” Clinton said. “So let’s take a look at what he did for his businesses: He’s written a lot of books about business. They all seem to end at Chapter 11; go figure,” Clinton said, in a jab referring to Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. Clinton then said Trump, a self-described “king of debt,” had allowed businesses to amass huge debts and declare bankruptcy, leaving hundreds of people without jobs and wiping out shareholders. Allowing the United States to accrue similar debt would rattle investors and could lead to economic catastrophe, she added. On Twitter during Clinton’s speech, Trump said, “I am ‘the king of debt.’ That has been great for me as a businessman, but is bad for the country. I made a fortune off of debt, will fix U.S.” Clinton also said the likely Republican nominee’s tax plan - which aims to simplify the tax code, along with slashing the top corporate tax rate to 15 percent from 35 percent - would benefit the wealthy over working families. The nonpartisan Tax Foundation estimated the plan would increase the federal deficit by $9.5 trillion over the next decade. The former secretary of state also said Trump’s plan to scrap trade deals could start “trade wars” and that the agreements should instead be renegotiated if they do not benefit American workers.  Clinton said Trump’s plan to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border and deport undocumented immigrants would shake the workforce and prove disastrous for the U.S. economy, creating a “Trump recession.” The tussle over the economy came as the two continued preparing for what is expected to be a fierce campaign. Trump was slated to give a speech criticizing Clinton in New York on Wednesday. As the presumptive Democratic nominee spoke on Tuesday, Trump’s campaign tested what appeared to be a more active rapid-response operation, sending emails saying Clinton’s husband, former President Bill Clinton, had backed bad trade deals and that her immigration plan would lower wages. ",1
9048,U.S. legal group lavishes praise on Obama Supreme Court nominee,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The American Bar Association issued a glowing evaluation of President Barack Obama’s U.S. Supreme Court nominee on Tuesday, giving Merrick Garland its highest rating even as Senate Republicans stood firm in their blockade of his appointment. The influential lawyers association, which has evaluated the qualifications of nominees to the federal judiciary since 1953, deemed Garland “well qualified,” the highest of its three ratings, for a lifetime job on America’s highest court. “The unanimous consensus of everyone we interviewed was  that Judge Garland is superbly competent to serve on the United  States Supreme Court,” the ABA panel that conducted the evaluation said in a report. Obama nominated Garland, 63, on March 16 to replace conservative Justice Antonin Scalia, who died on Feb. 13. Garland is a centrist jurist with two decades as a federal appeals court judge. A nominee’s ABA rating typically is considered when the Senate acts on a judicial appointment. Republicans were unswayed. In an emailed statement, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell’s office pointed out that Obama and Vice President Joe Biden, when they were senators, tried to block the 2006 Supreme Court confirmation of conservative Samuel Alito, even though he also earned the ABA’s highest rating.  Supreme Court nominations require Senate confirmation, and the Republicans who control the chamber have denied Garland customary hearings and a confirmation vote. Senate Republican leaders have vowed not to act on any Supreme Court nominee put forward by Obama, arguing that the next president, to be elected on Nov. 8 and take office on Jan. 20, should fill Scalia’s vacancy. Obama has accused Senate Republicans of abdicating their constitutional duties. The court is now split 4-4 between conservatives and liberals, meaning Scalia’s successor could influence its ideological direction for years to come. The White House renewed its demand that the Senate act on Garland. Spokesman Josh Earnest said “it is such a shame he has been treated so unfairly by the United States Senate” in an “unprecedented partisan action.” The Republicans are hoping their presumptive nominee, Donald Trump, wins the presidency and nominates a conservative to the court. “This significant point warrants repeating,” the ABA panel wrote. “All of the experienced, dedicated and knowledgeable sitting judges, several former solicitor generals from both political parties, legal scholars from top law schools across the country,  and lawyers who have worked with or against the nominee in private practice, government or within the judiciary describe  the nominee as outstanding in all respects and cite specific evidence in support of that view.” ",1
9049,Republican Donald Trump says he has 'unlimited' access to campaign money,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said he is willing to tap into his personal funds to cover any fundraising deficit he faces against Democratic rival Hillary Clinton, after finishing May more than $40 million behind her in cash.  “If need be, there could be unlimited ‘cash on hand’ as I would put up my own money, as I have already done through the primaries, spending over $50 million,” Trump said in a statement. “Our campaign is leaner and more efficient, like our government should be.” ",1
9050,U.S. military says will not disclose details on injured service members,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. military will not provide details on specific cases of American service members injured in Iraq and Syria because it could give information to Islamic State militants, a Pentagon spokesman said on Tuesday The spokesman, Peter Cook, was responding to a question at a Pentagon press briefing seeking confirmation that four Americans had been wounded in Syria earlier this month.  Cook said there had been no a change in policy and aggregate numbers would still be provided. “Our policy is not to identify wounded service members for a variety of reasons, including operational security, including privacy reasons,” Cook said.  “Also, we do not want to provide additional information to the enemy that might enhance their own assessment on the battlefield situation,” he said. However, the Pentagon has released such information in the past and responded to queries, and it was unclear how Cook’s comments were consistent with previous disclosures. Last month a spokesman said two U.S. service member had been injured, one each in Iraq and Syria, during the last weekend in May. Captain Jeff Davis said the incident in Iraq took place in the north, near Erbil, while the injury in Syria was north of Raqqa, Islamic State’s de facto capital. According to Pentagon data, there have been 16 American service members wounded in action since the start of Operation Inherent Resolve, the military’s name for an operation targeting Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria which started in 2014.  Cook’s comments came the same day that President Barack Obama visited Walter Reed National Military Medical Center; he has visited wounded U.S. service members there throughout his presidency.  ",1
9051,New Jersey governor proposes flat rate for education funding,"(Reuters) - New Jersey Governor Chris Christie on Tuesday proposed overhauling the state’s education funding formula to provide all public school districts with a flat rate of $6,599 per student. Calling it his “Fairness Formula” in policy statements on Tuesday, Christie said aid for special needs students would continue even with any potential formula change. Schools are funded through property taxes, which in New Jersey are some of the highest in the nation because of the state’s “unaffordable and broken school funding formula propped up by special interests and misguided Supreme Court precedent,” Christie said in a statement. He said he would traverse the state this summer to talk about the proposal. The amount of state aid school districts receive now varies widely, with some getting less than $3,000 per pupil and others getting as much as $28,000 Such a change would be an uphill battle, as it would need approval from a Democrat-led legislature that has already rejected previous education formula changes from Christie, a Republican. “Governor Christie’s idea is unconstitutional and harmful to our most vulnerable children,” Assembly Speaker Vincent Prieto said in a statement on Tuesday, adding that Christie still hasn’t fully funded schools under the existing formula. Currently, poorer districts receive more state aid under a formula based on a 1990 New Jersey Supreme Court decision called     Abbott v. Burke II, which ruled the state’s education funding was unfair and that low-income “Abbott districts” must be funded on par with wealthier ones.   ",1
9052,"Briton arrested at Trump rally 'wouldn't hurt a fly,' father says","DORKING, England (Reuters) - A man charged with trying to attack Donald Trump with a policeman’s gun found it hard to cope with life but did not have political views and was never violent, his father told British media on Tuesday.    Michael Sandford was arrested after trying to grab a police officer’s side arm at a Trump rally in Las Vegas on Saturday. When asked why, he told police: “To shoot and kill Trump,” according to U.S. court papers.  “He’s never shown any violent tendencies before. He’s never been a bad person,” his father, Paul Davey, was quoted as saying by the MailOnline website which put Sandford’s age as 20. U.S. prosecutors have said he is 19.   “He’s a nice kid and literally wouldn’t hurt a fly - he used to tell us not to use fly spray because he didn’t want any flies to die.” The Mirror newspaper’s website quoted Davey as saying his son had Asperger’s Syndrome and had left school at the age of 15 “because he couldn’t cope with it all”.  He went to the United States 18 months ago after an American girl he had met returned home, something that had made him “quite down and depressed,” Davey said. “He’s been refusing to come back and we were worried about him, we were in contact with the American Embassy ... (but) the American authorities said ‘he’s over 18 we can’t do anything.’” Davey said someone must have coerced or “radicalised” his son into attacking the presidential candidate. “He has never mentioned Donald Trump. The reason it is such a shock is because he shows no interest in anything like that ... I doubt he would even know who the president of the United States is.” Sandford lived on his own in Dorking, a commuter town near London, in a flat in a large white house. A local who knew Sandford’s mother, who did not want to be named, told Reuters Sandford had autism and obsessive-compulsive disorder.  “He was one of those guys who just stays in his room that’s it, wouldn’t come out,” the man said.  The U.S. court documents said Sandford had been planning to kill Trump for about a year. He had visited a gun range the day before the rally to fire a weapon for the first time.  Last week, a British member of parliament was shot and stabbed to death in the street - an incident that has shocked a country that has strict gun controls and where attacks on public figures are rare. Media reported that Sandford and his mother had taken part in a “Robot Wars” competition where contestants operate robots trying to destroy their opponents’ machine. A web page for the Fighting Robots Association listed Michael and Lynne Sandford and Paul Davey as owners of a number of robots, including machines named ‘Mr Nasty’, ‘X-Terminator’ and ‘Steel Avenger’.  “He was quite active in the robot community for a while - buying famous robots from the show ... I then got them working for him because he had absolutely no idea about robots,” John Findlay, director of the company behind Robot Wars, told the Mirror newspaper.   “He was calm, very quiet, a little bit weird and reserved.” ",1
9053,Obama pick to lead U.S. military in Africa favors powers to strike Islamic State,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama’s nominee to lead the U.S. military in Africa on Tuesday backed the idea of gaining greater power to strike Islamic State, including in Libya, which he described as the group’s Plan B as it loses territory in Iraq and Syria. Marine Lieutenant General Thomas Waldhauser told his Senate confirmation hearing that the U.S. military was making preparations for possible military strikes in Libya against the militants. But Waldhauser noted limitations on the current commander’s ability to order strikes against the group in Libya, which require adhering to White House guidance. That differs from the rules of engagement in Iraq or Syria. Asked by Republican Senator Lindsey Graham whether it would be wise for Obama to give the commander of the Africa Command the authority to go after Islamic State targets in Africa “on your own,” Waldhauser said: “It would be wise.” “It would certainly contribute to what we’re trying to do inside Libya,” he responded. Islamic State established a presence in several parts of the country from 2014, and has been active between Benghazi and the militant group’s coastal stronghold of Sirte, about 380 km (240 miles) to the west. In recent weeks, however, the ultra-hardline group has retreated into the center of Sirte after forces aligned with Libya’s U.N.-backed unity government advanced from the western city of Misrata. One reason Islamic State established itself in Sirte, Waldhauser told the Senate Armed Services Committee, was “to be kind of a backup if Iraq and Syria fail,” he said.  Waldhauser estimated that Islamic State faced between 3,000 and 4,000 opponents fighting the group around Sirte, drawn from the Mirsratan militia forces and the Petroleum Facilities Guard Central Branch.  But he cautioned that alliances can shift among the Libyan militia, driven by everything from tribal ties and religious beliefs to material gain. “The unpredictable nature of paramilitary group patronage will most likely remain a significant obstacle to the GNA’s efforts to establish sovereignty,” he said in written testimony. For months, the United States has had a small number of U.S. forces rotating in and out of Libya, establishing contact with fighters inside the country.  Waldhauser said they were acting in an advisory role to support the unity government, and said no more U.S. troops were needed in the country at this time. ",1
9054,"Warren, Kaine, Castro on Clinton running-mate short list: AP","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senators Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and Tim Kaine of Virginia, and Julian Castro, the U.S. housing secretary, are on Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton’s short list of vice presidential picks, the Associated Press reported on Tuesday, citing Democratic sources. U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, who waged a populist challenge to Clinton during an unexpectedly long primary campaign, was not on the list, the AP reported, citing one of several unidentified Democrats. ",1
9055,"Trump doubles monthly campaign fundraising, lags Clinton","NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump’s campaign raised $3.1 million from donors in May, more than doubling previous monthly hauls as he began soliciting donations to battle Democratic rival Hillary Clinton. But with spending that outpaced inflows, the New York real estate magnate’s campaign began June with just $1.29 million in cash, putting it well-behind Clinton’s $42 million war chest, according to federal disclosures filed late on Monday.  Clinton’s campaign raised $26 million in May.  The figures underscore the huge money advantage Clinton is hoping to enjoy leading into the Nov. 8 election, one that could allow her a large staff and millions of dollars of television and digital ads in battleground states. Trump, who has self-funded most of his campaign and only held his first general election fundraiser on May 25, is betting he can run a race that builds on his low-spending, insurgent primary operation. Trump’s surrogates, however, have said the cash is now “pouring in” for the general election. For months the biggest cash injections into Trump’s campaign coffers were from his personal bank accounts. He has loaned his campaign $46 million since launching last year. Trump may still have several hurdles to cross before convincing deep-pocketed donors to write the kind of checks that would make him competitive with Clinton’s campaign bank account. Trump donors, allies and other Republican operatives continue to express concerns about his campaign operation, which has been dogged by internal battles, a threadbare campaign infrastructure of about 30 paid staffers, and a barely existent fundraising apparatus. On Monday, Trump fired his campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, who had been tasked with overseeing the campaign’s fundraising arm.  The primary Super PAC supporting Trump, Great America PAC, reported raising $1.4 million in May - accounting for most of the $2.5 million the group has raised this year. The PAC had $500,971 cash remaining at the beginning of June. Clinton’s cash advantage has been fueled in part by the Super PAC supporting her. Priorities USA raised $12 million in the last month, ending May with a $52 million in cash. Three unions, AFT Solidarity, Liuna Building America and International Union of Operating Engineers, each gave $1 million. The group has largely been tasked with attacking Trump. And so far, they have spent more than $5.7 million this year on television ads alone attacking the Republican. (In fifth paragraph, this story corrects the date of first Trump general election fundraiser to May 25) ",1
9056,Clinton to meet with House Democrats on Wednesday: Politico,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will meet with fellow Democrats in the House of Representatives on Wednesday, Politico reported on Tuesday, citing Democratic sources. The meeting in Congress will be Clinton’s first meeting with Democrats in the House since becoming the party’s presumptive nominee earlier this month, according to Politico. ",1
9057,Senate rejects gun-control measures after Orlando shooting,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate on Monday rejected four measures restricting gun sales after last week’s massacre in an Orlando nightclub, dealing a bitter setback to advocates who have failed to get even modest gun curbs through Congress despite repeated mass shootings. A group of senators was still hoping to forge a compromise for later in the week aimed at keeping firearms away from people on terrorism watch lists, although that effort faced an uphill battle with critics in both parties skeptical about its chances. Last week’s massacre, the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history, had intensified pressure on lawmakers, who moved swiftly to take the issue to the Senate floor. But the gun-control measures lost in largely party-line votes that showed the lingering political power in Congress of gun rights defenders and the National Rifle Association. Republicans and their allies in the NRA gun lobby said the Democratic bills were too restrictive and trampled on the constitutional right to bear arms. Democrats attacked the Republicans’ two proposals as too weak and accused them of being in the thrall of the NRA. “What am I going to tell the community of Orlando?” asked Democratic Senator Bill Nelson of Florida after the votes. “Sadly, what I’m going to tell them is the NRA won again.” Chris Cox, executive director of the National Rifle Association Institute for Legislative Action, attacked the Democrats’ amendments and thanked Republicans for rejecting them. “Today, the American people witnessed an embarrassing display in the United States,” he said. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Kentucky Republican, said the Democratic measures were ineffective and Republican senators “are pursuing real solutions that can help keep Americans safer from the threat of terrorism.” As the parties remain largely locked in their positions,  polls show Americans are increasingly in favor of more restrictions on guns in a country with more than 310 million weapons, about one for every citizen.  The issue is already a prominent one for voters in November elections. Presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton supports new gun restrictions, while Republican Donald Trump expressed a willingness to talk to the NRA about the issue. After the votes, Clinton issued a one-word statement: “Enough.” It was followed by the names and ages of the dead in Orlando. Gun control efforts failed after mass shootings at an elementary school in Newtown, Connecticut, in 2012 and a conference center in San Bernardino, California, in 2015. But some senators see resistance to gun restrictions softening as national security looms larger in the debate. The Orlando gunman, Omar Mateen, pledged allegiance to the militant group Islamic State as he killed 49 people in a gay nightclub.  “This country is under attack ... it’s not a plane or an explosive device, it’s an assault weapon,” said Connecticut Senator Chris Murphy, a Democrat who led a 15-hour filibuster last week to draw attention to the effort to restrict guns. Murphy walked off the floor after the Senate votes and embraced Erica Smegielski, the daughter of Dawn Hochsprung, a Sandy Hook principal killed during the Newtown shooting. “He said, the good thing about me and you is we’re young, we’ll be at this a long time,” said Smegielski, 30. A Reuters/Ipsos poll conducted last week found that 71 percent of Americans favor at least moderate regulations and restrictions on gun sales. That compared with 60 percent in late 2013 and late 2014. Senior Senate aides left open the possibility of other votes later in the week on unspecified gun control proposals. Some Republicans pinned hopes on a proposal by Senator Susan Collins, a Maine Republican, which was not one of the four bills being considered on Monday. Collins’ plan would restrict gun purchases to a narrow group of suspects, including those on a “no-fly” list or a “selectee” list of people who require additional screening at airports.. But Democratic aides said people credibly suspected of involvement in terrorism would not be covered by the weapons ban under Collins’ bill, and a Republican aide indicated it would not do enough to protect the constitutional rights of gun buyers. Even if the Senate approved a gun compromise, it would also have to be passed by the more conservative, Republican-majority House of Representatives. House Republican leadership aides did not comment on the possibility that any bills proposing gun restrictions would be considered on the House floor this week. On Monday, all four of the measures to expand background checks on gun buyers and curb gun sales to those on terrorism watch lists - two put forth by Democrats and two by Republicans - fell short of the 60 votes needed for passage in the 100-member chamber. Gun-control advocates expressed disappointment after the vote and vowed to take revenge on lawmakers at the ballot box in November. “Shame on every single senator who voted against these life-saving amendments and protected the rights of terrorists and other dangerous people to buy guns,” said Dan Gross, president of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence. “The Brady Campaign will expose these politicians for who they really are and call out their failure to disarm hate in America.” ",1
9058,Trump fires campaign manager in shakeup for election push,"NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump fired Corey Lewandowski, the campaign manager who helped him win Republican presidential nominating contests but clashed with other advisers on how to appeal to the broader general electorate, several people with knowledge of the decision said on Monday. The firing on Monday morning was another shakeup for a campaign already at odds with many senior Republican figures over the presumptive nominee’s policies, with the party’s nominating convention in Cleveland less than a month away.  But it may also prove a step toward calming concerns among party leaders about Trump, a wealthy businessman and political outsider, and the conflicting advice he was getting from senior aides, as he battles presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton ahead of the Nov. 8 election. Trump said Lewandowski did “a great job” but “it’s time now for a different kind of a campaign.” “We ran a small, beautiful, well-unified campaign. It worked very well in the primaries. I think I’m probably going to do some of that,” Trump said in an interview with Fox News, in which he did not say if Lewandowski had been fired. Three people close to the campaign said some of Trump’s staff viewed Lewandowski as opposing strategic changes and staff hires urged for the general election campaign by Paul Manafort, a strategist hired in April partly for his experience on presidential campaigns that Lewandowski lacked. The three, a campaign staffer and two people in regular contact with Trump advisers, spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized by Trump to discuss the firing. Manafort will take over as campaign manager, said Carl Paladino, co-chairman of the campaign’s operations in New York state. “Paul’s in charge,” Sean Spicer, the Republican National Committee’s communications director, said in an interview. Trump’s decision to fire his manager came in part at the urging of his daughter Ivanka Trump and her husband, Jared Kushner, who have powerful advisory roles in the campaign, the two people in contact with Trump aides said.  Hope Hicks, who single-handedly fields Trump’s media inquiries, disputed reports she had complained about Lewandowski to Ivanka Trump. “That is entirely untrue,” she said. Lewandowski, 42, had been a near-constant presence at Trump’s side since the New York developer launched his campaign on June 2015.  In a brief statement read on CNN, Lewandowski said: “I stand by the fact that Mr. Trump is a great candidate and is better than Hillary Clinton ever will be.”  Lewandowski denied there were any tensions between him and Trump’s family in an interview with CNN. Later on Monday, a campaign adviser resigned after reveling in Lewandowski’s exit on his Twitter account, CNN reported. “Ding dong the witch is dead!” Michael Caputo, the adviser, wrote shortly after reports of the firing emerged. He later released a statement to CNN saying he had resigned. “In hindsight, that was too exuberant a reaction to this personnel move,” his statement said. The RNC spokesman did not think there would be a change in Trump’s tone. “It’s going to be more of a streamlined effort and more of an understanding of the difference that a general election has,” Spicer said. Clinton’s campaign has hundreds more staff than that of Trump. In contrast to her unsuccessful 2008 presidential bid, there has been no public sign this time of any significant infighting among her advisers. The former U.S. secretary of state has also spent millions of dollars on television commercials in recent weeks. Trump has not aired any paid advertisements since becoming the presumptive nominee, preferring to spread his message through his Twitter account and in media interviews. Trump has faced setbacks in the past two weeks. His renewed calls to temporarily ban Muslims from entering the United States have drawn heavy criticism from Republican politicians in Washington and prompted corporate sponsors like Apple and JPMorgan Chase to withhold funding from the party’s July 18-21 convention. Recent opinion polls show at least half of all voters approve of the Muslim ban. Lewandowski, a former New Hampshire field director for a conservative advocacy group, argued that Trump’s unconventional campaigning style did not need to be changed after it proved successful in the last few months of primary contests. Lewandowski repeatedly defended that strategy with a line that became his mantra: “Let Trump be Trump.”  Known for his brusque manner, Lewandowski was accused of manhandling a female reporter in Florida during the primary campaign, but the battery charge against him was later dropped. He is still scheduled to attend the Cleveland convention as chairman of New Hampshire’s delegation. The Democratic National Committee said Lewandowski’s exit was unlikely to change Trump. “It wasn’t Corey Lewandowski who called for a ban on Muslims entering the United States,” Mark Paustenbach, a party spokesman, said in a statement, “it was Donald Trump.” ",1
9059,Man arrested at Trump rally said he wanted to shoot candidate: court papers,"(Reuters) - A man arrested over the weekend trying to wrestle a gun from a police officer at a Las Vegas rally held by Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump told an investigator he wanted to kill the candidate, court papers showed on Monday. Michael Steven Sandford, who prosecutors described as a 19-year-old British national, was arrested on Saturday at the Treasure Island hotel in Las Vegas after trying to disarm the officer, according to Las Vegas police. According to court papers filed on Monday in federal court in Nevada, Sandford told a Secret Service agent he had driven to Las Vegas from California with the goal of shooting Trump. “Sandford claimed he had been attempting to kill Trump for about a year but decided to act on this occasion because he finally felt confident about trying it,” the court papers said. He was charged with committing an act of violence on restricted ground, Natalie Collins, a spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney’s Office, said in an email. Sandford has not entered a plea and is scheduled to be in court for a preliminary hearing on July 5, Collins said. Sandford’s federal public defender, Heather Fraley, could not be immediately reached for comment. Sandford said he had been in the United States for a year and a half, the documents showed. The records said he had lived in Hoboken, New Jersey, after coming to the country. Court records said Sandford went to the Battlefield Vegas gun range last Friday to practice shooting, adding that he had never fired a gun before. While there, he fired 20 rounds from a Glock 9 mm handgun, the records said. Sandford told investigators that if he were “on the street tomorrow,” he would try again, the documents said. ",1
9060,'Economikes': the gatekeepers of Clinton’s economic policy,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Hillary Clinton has no shortage of economic advisors. Scores of world-class experts pour ideas into her campaign on the policies she should champion in her bid for the White House. But before much of the input reaches the Democratic candidate, it is filtered through a pair of staffers known inside the campaign as the “Economikes.” Working out of Clinton’s campaign headquarters in Brooklyn, New York, Michael Shapiro and Michael Schmidt are helping shape what could be a lasting economic agenda if the former secretary of state overcomes Republican rival Donald Trump in November’s election. In an interview with Reuters, Shapiro and Schmidt described Clinton’s process for forming policy by broadly soliciting ideas and crafting them into the action points that she takes to voters.  Before Clinton takes a position, Shapiro said, “she wants to know we have talked to and gotten input from everyone, making sure that we’re consulting with labor, making sure that we’re consulting with experts.” Clinton’s inclusive approach to developing policy positions has been faulted for being slow and unwieldy. Much of the work of sifting through the wealth of sometimes disparate ideas and data it yields falls to the Economikes. Both are recent graduates of Yale Law School. Prior to joining the campaign, Schmidt, 30, worked at the U.S. Treasury Department and the Yale Investments Office, helping manage the university’s endowment. Shapiro, 29, worked at the White House for the National Economic Council. Earlier this year, he married the daughter of New York Senator Chuck Schumer. The pair helps Clinton draw upon a deep bench of advisers, including economist Alan Krueger, Duke professor Aaron Chatterji and Simon Johnson, a former chief economist for the International Monetary Fund, along with scores of other academics and business people.  Some communicate regularly through emails, conference calls, meetings and memos. Others are tapped once or twice for specific expertise. Frequent contributor Alan Blinder, the former vice chairman of the Federal Reserve, said he will “usually email the Mikes” with ideas. The fruit of the process will be on display today in Ohio, where Clinton is expected to give a speech contrasting her economic vision with that of Trump, a businessman who often names himself as his main adviser and is known for his off-the-cuff style. Clinton has called raising middle class incomes the defining economic challenge of the time. So far, she has presented a mix of goals, including making child care more affordable and boosting jobs. Some business leaders have said her approach is reassuring, but progressives have criticized her policies as too moderate. Trump, in contrast, often has taken business leaders by surprise with his policy proposals. He has promised to renegotiate international trade deals to pump up U.S. manufacturing, vowed to penalize companies that move their headquarters abroad to avoid taxes, and pledged to dismantle Obama’s financial regulation reforms.    While the “Economikes” nickname began as a joke, Shapiro said the campaign’s digital team made it stick by using it in a Q&A posted on Clinton’s web site. Their bosses, senior policy advisers Jake Sullivan and Maya Harris, have been known to stick their heads out of their offices and ask for “one of the Mikes.” On email chains, CC: notes will sometimes include “plus the Economikes.” Humor aside, their work often is serious business. After the tainted water crisis hit national headlines in January, Clinton dispatched Schmidt and her political director, Amanda Renteria, to Flint, Michigan to investigate.  Schmidt said the effort informed Clinton’s approach to the water crisis during the Democratic debate in Flint, including her call for the governor to resign.     In other cases, they said, Clinton will ask the pair to research issues she’s heard on the campaign trail, such as the case of an Iowa bowling alley owner who told the candidate student debt made it hard for him to get business loans. The campaign since has rolled out proposals to allow for refinancing of student debt and the use of income-based repayment programs to cut monthly payments. Shapiro and Schmidt said the policy points they bring back to Clinton typically lead her to ask more questions, a process that can go on for several rounds before the candidate finally settles on a policy proposal. ",1
9061,"Invoking Orlando, Senate Republicans set up vote to expand FBI spying","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell set up a vote late on Monday to expand the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s authority to use a secretive surveillance order without a warrant to include email metadata and some browsing history information. The move, made via an amendment to a criminal justice appropriations bill, is an effort by Senate Republicans to respond to last week’s mass shooting in an Orlando nightclub after a series of measures to restrict guns offered by both parties failed on Monday. “In the wake of the tragic massacre in Orlando, it is important our law enforcement have the tools they need to conduct counterterrorism investigations,” Senator John McCain, an Arizona Republican and sponsor of the amendment, said in a statement.  The bill is also supported by Republican Senators John Cornyn, Jeff Sessions and Richard Burr, who chairs the Senate Intelligence Committee. Privacy advocates denounced the effort, saying it seeks to exploit a mass shooting in order to expand the government’s digital spying powers. Senator Ron Wyden, an Oregon Democrat, criticized a similar effort last month as one that “takes a hatchet to important protections for Americans’ liberty.” The amendment would broaden the FBI’s authority to use so-called National Security Letters to include electronic communications transaction records such as time stamps of emails and the emails’ senders and recipients. The Obama administration for years has lobbied for a change to how NSLs can be used, after a 2008 legal memo from the Justice Department said the law limits them largely to phone billing records. FBI Director James Comey has said the change essentially corrects a typo and is a top legislative priority for his agency. NSLs do not require a warrant and are almost always accompanied by a gag order preventing the service provider from sharing the request with a targeted user. The letters have existed since the 1970s, though the scope and frequency of their use expanded greatly after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks on the United States. The amendment filed Monday would also make permanent a provision of the USA Patriot Act that allows the intelligence community to conduct surveillance on “lone wolf” suspects who do not have confirmed ties to a foreign terrorist group. That provision, which the Justice Department said last year had never been used, is currently set to expire in December 2019. A vote is expected no later than Wednesday, McConnell’s office said. ",1
9062,"American Muslims see Trump rhetoric fueling prejudice, hate incidents","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - About three months ago, Sarah Ibrahim’s son came home from his fourth-grade class at a Maryland school with a disturbing question. “Will I have time to say goodbye to you before you’re deported?” he said, according to Ibrahim, a Muslim Arab American who works at a federal government agency in Maryland. “The kids in his classroom were saying: ‘Who’s going to leave when Trump becomes president?’” said the 35-year-old mother. The incident happened a few months after Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump — now the presumptive nominee — first called for a ban on Muslim immigrants and for more scrutiny at mosques after 14 people were killed in San Bernardino by a Muslim couple whom the FBI said had been radicalized. Trump intensified his anti-Muslim rhetoric after last week’s mass shooting in Orlando, in which a U.S.-born Muslim man killed 49 people at a gay nightclub, calling for a suspension of immigration from countries with “a proven history of terrorism”. He reiterated his call for more surveillance of mosques and warned that radical Muslims were “trying to take over our children.”  While Democratic and several Republican leaders have distanced themselves from Trump’s comments, many American Muslims say his stance has fueled an atmosphere in which some may feel they can voice prejudices or attack Muslims without fear of retribution. “What Trump did was make these hidden thoughts public. He gave people permission to speak out loud, he removed the shame associated with being prejudiced. People know that they won’t be punished,” Ibrahim told Reuters at a community iftar, the sundown meal during the Muslim fasting month of Ramadan. Trump’s campaign did not respond to Reuters’ request for comment. Trump has rejected the criticism that his rhetoric is racist, and has said he is often misunderstood by the media and his opponents. A report by the Council on American-Islamic Relations and University of California, Berkeley released on Monday said the number of recorded incidents in which mosques were targeted jumped to 78 in 2015, the most since the body began tracking them in 2009. There were 20 and 22 such incidents in the previous two years, respectively. The incidents include verbal threats and physical attacks. Corey Saylor, CAIR’s director of the department to monitor and combat Islamophobia, said there had been a spike in Islamophobic incidents in the wake of Orlando, including those  targeting mosques. “Trump’s rhetoric is a direct threat to American principles. He has mainstreamed anti-Constitutional ideas like banning or surveilling people based on faith,” Saylor told Reuters. “Such divisive rhetoric contributes to a toxic environment in which some people take the law into their own hands and attack people of institutions they perceive as Muslim.” CAIR says the last big spike in incidents targeting mosques was seen in 2010 following the controversy over locating an Islamic center near the site of the Sept. 11 attacks in New York. It said that lent “additional weight to the argument that levels of anti-Muslim sentiment follow trends in domestic U.S. politics, not international terrorism”. American rabbis and preachers have also denounced Trump’s rhetoric. Anti-Semitic incidents in the United States still outstrip those against Muslims. The Anti-Defamation League said last year there were 912 anti-Semitic incidents across the United States during the 2014 calendar year, up 21 percent from 2013. “If Muslims are not free and safe in America, then Christians and Jews are not free and safe in America,” said Rabbi Eric Yoffie, president emeritus of the Union for Reform Judaism. Trump has also drawn criticism for his rhetoric against Latino immigrants, saying early in his campaign that Mexican “rapists” and other criminals were coming across the border and calling for all undocumented immigrants to be deported. Manal Omar, a Muslim-American author based in Washington, said she has stopped taking the metro and walking alone late at night. “I can’t dismiss the tweets and angry messages I’ve received from right wing militants,” said Omar, who says she has grown especially vigilant after last week’s murder of British lawmaker Jo Cox, whom she knew. A few days after the San Bernardino attack, Ilhaam Hassan’s family restaurant was burned down in an arson attack in Grand Forks, North Dakota.  Matthew Gust pleaded guilty in May to federal hate-crime and arson charges. He admitted to setting the fire because of the national origin of the employees and customers at the restaurant — a focal point of the local Somali-American community. “I don’t know what to expect if he (Trump) becomes the president,” Hassan said. “He is against minorities. He is against Islam. It’s not a message of unity, it’s a message of dividing the country and that is not what America is based on.” ",1
9063,"In separate speeches Obama, Biden, Carter target Trump policies","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama, his vice president and defense secretary took aim on Monday at policies of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump they said would alienate Muslims globally along with U.S. allies and neighbors. In a speech focusing on national security at a think tank in Washington, Vice President Joe Biden said Trump’s calls to bar the entry of Muslims and to profile Muslim Americans reflected the politics of fear and intolerance. “There are 1.4 billion Muslims in the world” Biden said. “Some of the rhetoric I’m hearing sounds designed to radicalize all 1.4 billion.”    Biden’s attacks on Trump as an isolationist, and others by Obama and Defense Secretary Ash Carter represent an unusually early and vigorous assault on an opposing party’s presidential nominee. The election is on Nov. 8. Referring to Trump’s vow to erect a wall on the U.S. border with Mexico if elected, Biden said that the most complex threats do not respect borders and a wall would destroy much of the progress the Obama administration had made with U.S. neighbors. “If we build walls and disrespect our neighbors, we will quickly see all this progress evaporating, replaced by a return of anti-Americanism, a corrosive rift throughout our hemisphere,” Biden said. Obama, who last week assailed Trump for what he called a “dangerous” mindset and “loose talk and sloppiness” in defining the country’s enemies, on Monday criticized  Trump’s anti-trade policies in a speech at a U.S. Commerce Department conference. “This is not just about jobs and trade, it’s not just about hard, cold cash. It’s also about building relationships across borders,” Obama told the 2,400 people from 70 countries at the conference to attract foreign investment. Trump has threatened to impose steep tariffs on Chinese and Mexican imports and demanded a change in a U.S. trade policy he says allows other countries to shut out U.S imports, devalue their currencies and unfairly target U.S. industries. Speaking at the same event as Biden, Carter said a critical part of U.S. leadership is its “longtime network of allies and partners in every corner of the world.” “Our allies around the world have stood with us - and fought with us - time and again, most recently in Iraq, Afghanistan, and against ISIL,” he said, using an acronym for Islamic State. Carter did not mention Trump, who has called NATO “obsolete” and said he would consider letting Japan and South Korea develop their own nuclear weapons rather than relying on the United States for protection against North Korea and China.While Obama, Carter and other top officials generally have refrained from attacking Trump by name, Obama administration spokesmen have not denied that such remarks are directed at the presumptive Republican candidate. ",1
9064,Senate blocks Democrats' plan to deny firearms to those on 'watch lists',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate on Monday blocked Democratic legislation aimed at stopping sales of firearms to people on “terrorism watch lists.” The Senate fell 13 votes short of clearing the measure for approval, as the chamber also defeated three other gun control measures stemming from the June 12 shootings in Orlando that killed 49 people and wounded 53 others. ",1
9065,Senate blocks Republican plan on 'watch list' gun sales,WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate on Monday blocked a Republican plan for keeping terrorism suspects from buying weapons by establishing a 72-hour review period for delaying the transactions. The Senate fell seven votes short of clearing the way for approving the measure. The Senate is now set to vote on a more sweeping Democratic proposal to keep guns out of the hands of people on terrorism watch lists. ,1
9066,Senate blocks Democratic plan to expand gun background checks,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate on Monday blocked Democratic legislation expanding federal background checks to all gun sales, including those done at gun shows and on the internet. The Senate fell 16 votes short of the 60 needed for advancing the measure, which would have closed a background check loophole. The Senate is now set to vote on two other gun control measures. ",1
9067,FBI schedules 11 a.m. news conference on Florida nightclub shooting,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The FBI planned a 11:00 a.m. news conference Monday near the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Florida, to provide updates on the investigation into last week’s shooting, the bureau said. Before the news conference, authorities planned to release transcripts of communications between police and gunman Omar Mateen during last Sunday’s the three-hour siege at the club, the FBI said in a statement. During that time, the gunman paused to call emergency 911 dispatchers and post internet messages professing support for Islamist militant groups, authorities have said. ",1
9068,Obama takes turn as 'America's pitch man' to help sell TPP trade deal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama made a plug on Monday for the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal to a group of 2,400 investors looking at locating business in the United States, saying the deal would help boost the global economy. Trade has become a hot-button issue in the Nov. 8 presidential election campaign, with presumptive candidates from both parties voicing objections to the 12-nation TPP deal that Obama wants the U.S. Congress to sign off on before his time in office ends on Jan. 20. Both the Republican and Democratic presidential campaigns have tapped into populist skepticism about the benefit of trade deals on jobs and wages, particularly in the manufacturing sector. Obama tried to dispel the economic gloom-and-doom coming from the campaign trail, extolling the recovery of the United States from recession. “I don’t mind being America’s pitch man,” Obama said in a speech at the SelectUSA Summit. “In seven months or so, I’ll be on the job market, and I’m glad I’m going to be here. I’m going to get on LinkedIn and see what comes up,” he quipped. Obama argued that while there are legitimate concerns about boosting wages and improving working conditions, ultimately  global trade can help connect people from around the world and reduce poverty. “This is not just about jobs and trade, it’s not just about hard cold cash,” he said. “It’s also about building relationships across borders. When your companies come together you help bring countries and cultures together.”   American business lobby groups have been pushing the White House and congressional leaders to finish their work to ratify the TPP before the next administration takes office. Obama’s top economic adviser sidestepped a question on a conference call about the timeline. “We’re continuing to work with congressional leaders to find the right opportunity, the right window of opportunity, to get TPP passed this year,” Jeff Zients, the director of the National Economic Council, told reporters. On Monday, Obama announced a $70 million matching grant to a Los Angeles “manufacturing hub,” a group of businesses and researchers piloting sensors and other technology to help factories cut costs and energy use. It is the ninth of 15 planned hubs that the White House hopes will boost manufacturing across the country. On Friday, Obama will continue his pitch for business, speaking about technology and the economy on a panel with Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg at another summit at Stanford University aimed at boosting entrepreneurs in developing countries. ",1
9069,U.S. Latino voter group to get free ad space on Telemundo boxing program,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - A leading U.S. promoter of Latino boxing, All Star Boxing Inc, will give free television advertising space to Hispanic civic group Mi Familia Vota, which openly criticizes Donald Trump’s anti-immigration stance, in an effort to encourage Latino Americans to vote in November’s presidential election. The partnership will put the name and website of the group on signs in boxing ring corners and on T-shirts worn by the athletes on Spanish language network Telemundo’s Boxeo Telemundo program, starting at the end of June, officials at both organizations told Reuters. The partnership will be announced on Tuesday. “Desperate times call for desperate measures,” said Ruben De Jesus, the director of operations at Florida-based All Star Boxing, referring to this year’s presidential election. He said he decided to contact Mi Familia Vota with the offer of free advertising after hearing “just the whole rhetoric with regards to the Hispanic community” in the current election.  He did not mention any candidate by name.  “Our platform is not to tell our Latino citizens who to vote for, but it’s important that this year especially we engage,” he told Reuters in an interview, adding the free advertising space could reach as many as 5 million people. Ben Monterroso, the executive director of Mi Familia Vota, was blunter about the partnership’s aim. “I think Mr. Donald Trump lives in another world,” he said. “In my experience working with the community, a big majority of the people that I talk to, they definitely don’t like what Donald Trump has done.” Trump, the Republican who will likely face Democrat Hillary Clinton in the Nov. 8 presidential election, launched his candidacy last year by calling for a crackdown on illegal immigration from Mexico, a country he said was sending rapists and drug dealers into the United States.  The wealthy New York businessman has also repeatedly vowed to build a wall along the border and force the Mexican government to pay for it if elected. More recently Trump angered Latinos by criticizing a federal judge overseeing a fraud trial against Trump University, calling the Indiana-born man a Mexican and, later, saying his Mexican heritage meant he couldn’t do his job properly. Trump has rejected accusations that his comments are racist and has said he is well-liked by Hispanics. A spokeswoman for Trump was not immediately available to comment. The partnership between All Star Boxing and Mi Familia Vota will begin on June 24 and run for four events this summer, then another four events after a brief hiatus, comprising 128 boxers in total, De Jesus said.  Half the shows will take place in Florida and half in Mexico. The fighters will also hold local events in Florida to boost voter engagement in the critical swing state, De Jesus said. That could include visits to political events around Tampa and Orlando, such as helping to register voters. “The boxers are coming out of their corners to fight for the community,” Monterroso said. Boxeo Telemundo, with an over 25-year history, calls itself the most-watched Spanish-language boxing show in the United States. The show attracts an average 550,000 viewers weekly, especially among men 18 to 49, De Jesus said. Mi Familia Vota is a non-profit, non-partisan group that works to register Latino voters and get Latinos involved in U.S. political life. ",1
9070,"Biden to rebuke Trump foreign policy ideas, defend Obama strategy","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Vice President Joe Biden on Monday will denounce Republican Donald Trump’s call for a halt to Muslim immigration as an appeal to intolerance and defend the U.S. fight against Islamic State at a time of dissent within the Obama administration over Syria policy. Biden will deliver a wide-ranging rebuke to Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee for the Nov. 8 election, in a speech to the Center for New American Security think tank, according to excerpts released by the White House. Biden, who has joined President Barack Obama in endorsing presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, plans to wade deeper into the campaign a week after Trump sparked criticism for his comments on American Muslims after a U.S.-born Muslim man killed 49 people at a gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida. In a speech last Monday on national security, Trump stood by his call for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States and proposed a suspension of immigration from countries with “a proven history of terrorism.”      Biden, in his remarks, will say: “Wielding the politics of fear and intolerance - like proposals to ban Muslims from entering the United States or slandering entire religious communities as complicit in terrorism - calls into question America’s status as the greatest democracy in the history of the world.”   Although not naming Trump, the vice president will say: “Alienating 1.5 billion Muslims - the vast, vast majority of whom, at home and abroad, are peace-loving - will only make the problem worse.” Biden will also apparently chide Trump for having spoken admiringly of Russian President Vladimir Putin. “Embracing Putin at a time of renewed Russian aggression” could call into question the U.S. commitment to Europe’s security,” he will say. Referring to Trump’s vow to erect a wall on the U.S. border with Mexico if elected, Biden will assert: “If we build walls and disrespect our closest neighbors,” it will reignite anti-U.S. sentiment in Latin America. Biden’s defense of Obama’s strategy against Islamic State militants appears intended, at least in part, to push back against a recently leaked internal State Department memo critical of the president’s response to Syria’s civil war. The document, signed by 51 diplomats and reflecting long-standing frustration among Obama’s aides, calls for urgently broadening an approach, now focused on attacking Islamic State, to unleash air strikes against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad’s forces. U.S. officials made clear Obama would not be swayed. “The use of force should be precise and proportional,” Biden will say. “There must be a clear mission that advances U.S. interests. Whenever possible, we should act alongside allies and partners.” ",1
9071,U.S. justices to mull president's power to nominate officials,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court agreed on Monday to review a lower court decision that invalidated part of a former U.S. labor board official’s tenure, in a case that could curb the next president’s power to staff top positions in his or her administration. The justices will hear an appeal of a 2015 decision by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit saying that once President Barack Obama nominated Lafe Solomon in 2011 to be general counsel of the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB), Solomon should not have continued to fill the position on a temporary or “acting” basis pending Senate confirmation. The appeals court said a 1998 federal law bars anyone from serving in an acting role while they are the nominee unless they were previously the “first assistant” to that post. The Supreme Court’s ruling in the case could decide if the White House can temporarily fill high-level administration positions with nominees waiting for confirmation, which could take on added importance if the next president faces protracted nomination battles in the Senate. The case will give the Supreme Court a second chance to weigh in on executive branch authority related to filling positions at the NLRB. In 2014, the court in NLRB v. Noel Canning ruled that three 2013 appointments Obama made to the board while Congress was in recess were invalid. Although Obama withdrew Solomon’s stalled nomination in 2013, about six current high-level officials are serving on an acting basis while they await a Senate vote, including officials at the Department of Health and Human Services and the Environmental Protection Agency, the NLRB said in its petition for review. Former presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush also tapped officials to permanently fill the posts that they were manning in a temporary capacity, the NLRB said. Clinton, Bush and Obama all relied on an interpretation of the Federal Vacancies Reform Act that viewed the restriction on first assistants as only applying to people who automatically become acting officers under a chain of command, rather than those nominated by the president, the NLRB said. But the D.C. Circuit, as well as the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in a 2016 ruling, have disagreed. The case is NLRB v. SW General Inc, No. 15-1251, in the U.S. Supreme Court. ",1
9072,Trump seeks to clarify comments on guns at Orlando nightclub,"(Reuters) - Republican U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump said he was referring to security staff, but not patrons, in comments that if more people had been armed during a Florida nightclub shooting last week, fewer would have died. “When I said that if, within the Orlando club, you had some people with guns, I was obviously talking about additional guards or employees,” Trump said on Twitter on Monday. Trump had said last week that he wished someone inside the Pulse nightclub in Orlando on June 12 was carrying a firearm to stop a gunman before he could kill more clubgoers.  “If the bullets were going in the other direction aimed at this guy, who was just open target practice, you would have had a situation that was always horrible, but nothing like the carnage that we all as a people suffered this weekend,” Trump said on Wednesday at a rally in Atlanta. National Rifle Association President Wayne LaPierre on Sunday appeared critical of the idea of having clubgoers armed. “I don’t think you should have firearms where people are drinking,” LaPierre said on CBS’s “Face the Nation.”  An off-duty Orlando police officer was working security at the club when the shooting occurred, authorities have said. ",1
9073,Obama immigration win at Supreme Court could benefit Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - If the U.S. Supreme Court in the coming days decides a high-profile immigration case in favor of the Obama administration, the ruling could have an unexpected beneficiary: Republican presidential contender Donald Trump.   The Obama administration is asking the high court to revive its 2014 proposal to protect up to 4 million people from deportation, a plan that was blocked by lower courts. The court could rule that a president has broad authority to interpret and enforce federal immigration law.  Such a ruling would allow Obama to implement his signature executive action on immigration, aimed at the parents of U.S. citizens’ children, before he leaves office. It could also help Trump, who has put forth his own sweeping and controversial plans on immigration ahead of the Nov. 8 election. “To the extent the court has language about the president’s wide authority in immigration law generally, that would certainly strengthen Trump’s hand.” said Stephen Yale-Loehr, an immigration law expert at Cornell Law School. The Supreme Court’s ruling will come at a key phase in the presidential election cycle, with candidates Trump and his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton trading jabs over immigration policy following the mass shooting in a Orlando nightclub in which a gunman killed 49 people.  Trump has proposed curbing immigration from countries with a history of terrorism, blocking the entry of Muslims and deporting the estimated 11 million people in the United States who entered the country illegally.  If he wins the race for the White House, Trump might need to invoke his own executive authority - as happened with Obama - if the U.S. Congress does not approve his proposals, which have sparked outrage at home and abroad. The current case is unlikely to provide any support for Trump’s  proposal to bar Muslims, which legal experts say would face other legal hurdles because it targets people on the basis of religion. But legal experts say it could help Trump if he seeks to block entry from certain countries under a provision of immigration law that gives the president the power to suspend entry of noncitizens whose entry “would be detrimental to the interests of the United States.”  That provision has previously only been used block entry of small groups of people, such as officials linked with foreign governments hostile to the United States. Applying it to entire countries could prompt a similar lawsuit to the one filed against Obama. Clinton could also seize on an Obama victory in the case, but her own immigration proposals are more modest. She has said that absent action by Congress to reform the system entirely, she would keep Obama’s program in place and seek to expand on it. Under the U.S. Constitution, Congress passes laws and the executive branch enforces them. In the immigration context, Congress has traditionally given the president considerable leeway to interpret how to implement the laws. The high court, evenly split 4-4 between liberals and conservatives following the death of Justice Antonin Scalia in February, could decide the case on narrower grounds than the broad question of executive power.  It could avoid touching on immigration law at all by finding that the states challenging Obama’s proposal did not have legal standing to sue. The court could also split 4-4, which would leave in place the lower court decision blocking the plan but without setting any legal precedent.     U.S. presidents generally have discretion to enforce immigration law, but the plan’s challengers said Obama exceeded the limits of his authority by setting up a program that would allow millions to gain temporary legal status and work permits.  Critics say his plan was unlawful in part because it effectively granted relief from deportation to a much bigger class of people than had ever benefited from any similar programs in the past. Texas and 25 other states who filed suit said it was an unconstitutional abuse of power. Obama’s lawyers told the Supreme Court that Obama was acting within the government’s exercise of prosecutorial discretion to decide who to deport. ",1
9074,"Immigration, abortion, race rulings due at Supreme Court","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court is heading into its home stretch, with major rulings due by the end of the month on President Barack Obama’s unilateral immigration plan, racial preferences in university admissions and a restrictive Texas abortion law. Producing decisive rulings has been complicated by the fact that the court has been down one justice since conservative Antonin Scalia died in February, leaving it evenly split with four conservatives and four liberals. The justices also are set to rule on whether to overturn Republican former Virginia governor Robert McDonnell’s 2014 corruption conviction, one of the 13 cases yet to be decided. The court appeared divided along ideological lines when it heard arguments on April 18 over whether Democrat Obama exceeded his constitutional powers in bypassing the Republican-led Congress with a 2014 plan to spare millions of immigrants in the country illegally from deportation and give them work permits. Twenty-six states led by Republican-governed Texas brought the lawsuit. A 4-4 ruling, which appeared to be one possibility after the arguments, would deal Obama a huge defeat because it would affirm a lower-court ruling invalidating the plan. Split rulings do not set nationwide legal precedents, but a 4-4 decision would effectively kill Obama’s immigration plan. The court also seemed split along ideological lines during March 2 arguments in a challenge to a Texas abortion law brought by abortion providers backed by the Obama administration. A 4-4 ruling would deliver a victory to Texas because it would affirm a lower-court ruling upholding the law. Because such a ruling would set no nationwide precedent, it might not serve as a legal blueprint for other conservative, Republican-dominated states to enact similar laws. The question before the justices is whether the law, which imposes strict regulations on abortion doctors and clinic facilities, violates a woman’s constitutional right to abortion as established in the 1973 Roe v. Wade ruling. There cannot be a 4-4 ruling in a challenge by a white woman, enlisted by a conservative legal activist, to a University of Texas student admissions policy giving preferences to racial minorities in a program aimed at fostering campus racial diversity. Only seven justices heard that case. Liberal Elena Kagan, the Obama administration’s solicitor general when it supported the university in earlier litigation, recused herself. That means four conservatives and three liberals will decide the case. Conservative justices expressed reservations about the affirmative action admissions policy during Dec. 9 arguments. ",1
9075,Trump says U.S. should mull more racial profiling after Orlando shooting,"(Reuters) - Republican Donald Trump said on Sunday the United States should consider more racial profiling, in response to a question about whether he supported greater law enforcement scrutiny of Muslim Americans after the Orlando mass shooting. “I think profiling is something that we’re going to have to start thinking about as a country,” Trump told CBS’ “Face the Nation.”  “You look at Israel and you look at others, and they do it and they do it successfully. And you know, I hate the concept of profiling, but we have to start using common sense,” he said when asked if he supported increased profiling of Muslims in America. Trump made similar comments last December about profiling, the targeting of specific demographic groups for extra scrutiny, after a Muslim American and his wife killed 14 people in San Bernardino, California. Last week, Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee for the Nov. 8 election, sparked criticism from many in his party for his comments on American Muslims after the Orlando attack on Sunday, in which a U.S.-born Muslim man killed 49 people at a gay nightclub.  In a speech on national security on Monday, Trump stood by his call for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States and proposed a suspension of immigration from countries with “a proven history of terrorism.”  He also said the Muslim community had to “cooperate with law enforcement and turn in the people who they know are bad.”  Hillary Clinton, the presumptive Democratic nominee, has said the comments show Trump is unfit to be president. The Florida gunman, Omar Mateen, was born in the United States to Afghan parents. During a three-hour siege at the club, he expressed support for Islamic State, but officials believe he was “self-radicalized.” In his interview on Sunday, Trump said there were “red flags” around Mateen, who had been investigated twice by the FBI but ultimately cleared.  Trump also reiterated his support for more scrutiny of mosques, saying that could resemble a controversial New York City surveillance program that has been shut down.  “If you go to France right now, they’re doing it in France. In fact, in some instances they’re closing down mosques,” he said. Police in France closed some mosques shortly after gunmen aligned with Islamic State militants killed 130 people in Paris in a series of attacks on Nov. 13. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan endorsed Trump but has said a Muslim ban is not in U.S. interests. In excerpts of an NBC interview released on Friday, Ryan, the top elected U.S. Republican, said Republicans weighing whether to vote for Trump should follow their “conscience.” Trump brushed off the criticism on Sunday and said he would put up his own money for his campaign if needed. “It would be nice if the Republicans stuck together,” Trump said in an ABC interview. “I can win, one way or another.” ",1
9076,Supreme Court may take action on state assault weapon bans,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court may weigh in this week on gun control, an issue smoldering again following the June 12 Orlando massacre, with the justices due to decide whether to hear a challenge by gun rights advocates to assault weapon bans in two states. The Connecticut and New York laws prohibit semiautomatic weapons like the one used by the gunman who fatally shot 49 people at a gay night club in Orlando in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history. The Supreme Court will announce as soon as Monday whether it will hear the challenge brought by gun rights groups and individual firearms owners asserting that the laws violate the U.S. Constitution’s Second Amendment guarantee of the right to bear arms. The court has not decided a major gun case since 2010.  If they take up the matter, the justices would hear arguments in their next term, which begins in October. A decision not to hear the challenge would leave in place lower-court rulings upholding the laws. The court’s action in another recent appeal indicated it may be disinclined to take up the matter. The justices in December opted not to hear a challenge to a Highland Park, Illinois ordinance banning assault weapons and large-capacity magazines. A national assault weapons ban expired in 2004. Congressional Republicans, backed by the influential National Rifle Association gun rights lobby, beat back efforts to restore it. Some states and municipalities have enacted their own bans. In their petition asking the Supreme Court to hear the case, those challenging the Connecticut law said the type of weapons banned by the state are used in self-defense, hunting and recreational shooting. Connecticut said its law targets firearms disproportionately used in gun crime, “particularly the most heinous forms of gun violence.” It said people in Connecticut still can legally own more than 1,000 types of handguns, rifles and shotguns. There is a longstanding legal debate over the scope of Second Amendment rights. In the 2008 District of Columbia v. Heller case, the Supreme Court held for the first time that the Second Amendment guaranteed an individual’s right to bear arms, but the ruling applied only to firearms kept in the home for self-defense. That ruling did not involve a state law, applying only to federal regulations. Two years later, in the case McDonald v. City of Chicago, the court held that the Heller ruling covered individual gun rights in states. ",1
9077,Trump says Britain should leave EU: newspaper interview,"LONDON (Reuters) - Donald Trump told Britons on Sunday he supported Brexit, repeating just days before the vote on June 23 that he thinks the UK would be better off outside the European Union. As the campaign to decide Britain’s EU membership restarted after a three-day hiatus following the killing of lawmaker Jo Cox, Trump, the presumptive Republican U.S. presidential candidate, said in a newspaper interview he was backing an “out” vote.  “I would personally be more inclined to leave, for a lot of reasons like having a lot less bureaucracy,” he told the Sunday Times. “But I am not a British citizen. This is just my opinion.” The billionaire businessman also told the newspaper that he would seek to have good relationships internationally if he were elected president in November, including with David Cameron. The British Prime Minister has in the past called Trump’s proposed temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States “divisive, stupid and wrong”.  Trump said in May that Britain would be better off outside the EU because of high levels of migration. The latest opinion polls showed the ‘Remain’ camp recovering some momentum, although the overall picture remains one of an evenly split electorate. Trump, whose mother was Scottish, is due to be in Britain the day after the referendum, when he visits two golf courses he owns in Scotland. Trump also said that if he became president he would try to improve the trade deals the U.S. has with China, and work more closely with Russia and that could include co-operating with Russia in the fight against Islamic State.  ",1
9078,Democrats' new line on gun control: Do it for national security,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democrats pushing for gun curbs after the latest mass shooting in the United States are co-opting a Republican mantra to build public support and defang opposition: it’s time to get tough on national security. Shoring up national security has long been a pillar of Republican orthodoxy, as has staunch opposition to gun control. But the massacre of 49 people in Orlando, Florida, last Sunday, the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history, by a gunman who pledged loyalty to Islamist militants may be leaving Republicans on shakier ground. With national security driving the debate, Democrats see a more powerful argument than simply advocating the need to curb gun violence in a country of 320 million that has more than 310 million weapons. Although the Orlando gunman, Omar Mateen, is believed to have had no help from extremist Islamist groups in targeting a gay nightclub, he had been investigated by U.S. authorities for possible links to terrorism and subsequently cleared. That prompted Democrats to clamor for legislation to expand background checks and prevent people on U.S. terrorism watch lists from buying guns. Votes on four measures were scheduled Monday in the U.S. Senate, two sponsored by Democrats and two by Republicans. Many Republicans, and some Democrats, oppose strict gun curbs partly on constitutional grounds. “Every senator is now going to have to say, whether they’re for terrorists getting guns or against terrorists getting guns,” Democrat Senator Chuck Schumer told reporters on Thursday. “The terrorists that we need to fear are not on the streets of Aleppo, or Mosul or Fallujah. They’re on the streets of the United States and they will have guns unless we pass tough laws,” added Senator Ed Markey, a Massachusetts Democrat. President Barack Obama, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson all took the tack this week that gun measures were a safeguard against terrorism. Republicans have long criticized Obama for not being tough enough on national security and doing more in the fight against Islamic State. The Orlando massacre and the San Bernardino, California shooting in December by a couple inspired by Islamic State  captured the attention of the American public in a way previous mass shootings have not, said Tom Diaz, a former member of the National Rifle Association gun rights lobby who now backs gun control. “They’ve changed the dynamic of this whole issue,” said Diaz, an author and expert on terrorism and the gun industry. That shift in sentiment has heartened the families of the 20 elementary school children and six staff members killed in Newtown, Connecticut in 2012, who championed the last big, and ultimately unsuccessful push, on gun control. About 71 percent of Americans, including eight out of 10 Democrats and nearly six out of 10 Republicans, favor at least moderate regulations and restrictions on guns, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll conducted from Monday to Thursday. That was up from 60 percent in late 2013 and late 2014. Diaz believes Republicans must look as if they care about keeping guns out of the hands of so-called homegrown extremists, while balancing issues of due process and the Constitution’s Second Amendment right to bear arms that form the backbone of the NRA’s opposition to gun control. Republicans say new laws won’t necessarily keep weapons out of the hands of people intent on doing harm, and are keen to avoid twinning the two issues.  “This is not a gun control issue,” U.S. Senator Ted Cruz  said on Thursday. “This is a terrorism issue.” Republican strategist Ron Bonjean said Democrats “must be careful about overplaying their hand with rhetoric that could sound like government overreach to Americans who believe in the Second Amendment.” Even if the current efforts fail, the new push on national security may prove Democrats’ best shot at eventually luring Republican support on an issue that has floundered for decades. “This is a chance for the Democrats to talk in tough terms about safety and security and also to link that to the gun issue,” said Robert Spitzer, political science professor at State University of New York at Cortland.Some notable Republicans appeared willing this week to engage in the debate on gun control. The party’s presumptive presidential nominee, Donald Trump, vowed to meet with the NRA to talk about ways to bar people on certain government watch lists from buying guns. The top Republican in the Senate, Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, said he was open to suggestions from experts on how to prevent terrorism suspects from acquiring firearms and called the Orlando shooting a “calculated act of terror.” But it was unclear whether Trump or McConnell would throw their weight behind any measures acceptable to Democrats. Democratic U.S. Representative Jim Himes said he did not hold out great hope that the gun legislation would advance. “The reason you won’t see a compromise anytime soon is because Congress actually acting in the wake of Orlando would be a tacit admission on the other side that guns had something to do with what happened in Orlando as opposed to ISIS,” he said, using an acronym for Islamic State. ",1
9079,Clinton's lead over Trump slips after Florida shooting: Reuters/Ipsos poll,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Donald Trump chipped away at Hillary Clinton’s lead in the presidential race this week, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Friday, as the candidates clashed over how to respond to the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history. The poll, conducted from Monday to Friday, showed Clinton, the presumptive Democratic nominee, with a 10.7 point lead among likely voters over Trump, her likely Republican rival in the November presidential election. That’s down from a lead of 14.3 points for Clinton on Sunday, the day an American-born shooter who declared allegiance to militant group Islamic State killed 49 people at a gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida. Trump seized on the attack to sharpen his security proposals, saying he would block immigration to the United States from any country with a “proven history of terrorism” against America and its allies if elected. The pledge fine-tuned an earlier vow, made after the attacks last year in Paris and California, to ban the entry of all Muslims into the United States. He also called for measures to make it more difficult for suspected terrorists to obtain firearms, veering from the Republican Party’s general opposition to gun control. While Trump’s comments on both Muslims and guns dismayed some Republican elites, they may have cheered some voters. Some 45 percent of Americans said they supported Trump’s idea to suspend Muslim immigration, up from 41.9 percent at the start of the month, according to the poll. Meanwhile, about 70 percent of Americans, including a majority of Democrats and Republicans, said they wanted to see at least moderate regulations and restrictions on guns, up from 60 percent in similar polls in 2013 and 2014.   Clinton focused her response to the Orlando attack on the need to boost intelligence gathering and defeat Islamic State and what she called “radical jihadist terrorism,” while warning against demonizing Muslim-Americans. She also repeated her calls for tougher gun control measures, including a ban on assault weapons. As usual after a major attack, “terrorism” jumped to the top concern among all adults in the poll - rising above the economy, health care and other major issues. The poll’s five-day average showed that 45.5 percent of likely American voters supported Clinton, while 34.8 percent supported Trump, and another 19.7 percent did not support either candidate. On Sunday, Clinton’s support was at 46.6 percent, versus Trump’s 32.3 percent. The Reuters/Ipsos poll was conducted online in English with adults living in the continental United States, Alaska and Hawaii. The political horserace poll included 1,133 likely voters and has a credibility interval, a measure of the poll’s accuracy, of 3.4 percentage points. ",1
9080,New York lawmakers vote to legalize fantasy sports games,"ALBANY, N.Y. (Reuters) - Fantasy sports moved a step closer to being legal in New York on Saturday when lawmakers approved the daily and season-long games, clearing a path for FanDuel, DraftKings and others to offer them to millions of players in the state. The multibillion-dollar industry, where players draft fantasy teams for sports including football, basketball and baseball, has drawn increased scrutiny since last year with the attorneys general of several U.S. states, including New York, Illinois and Nevada, questioning the legality of the games. New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman had held off on pursuing litigation against the fantasy companies for what he claimed were illegal gambling operations, and the companies have suspended their “games of skill” while the proposed legislation was in train. New York’s Senate passed the measure 45-17 early Saturday morning, sending the legislation that regulates and taxes the operators of fantasy sports games to Governor Andrew Cuomo. It is unclear whether Cuomo will sign the legislation, which the Assembly passed on Friday.  Daily fantasy sports, a turbocharged version of the season-long game where players draft teams in live games played in just one evening or over a weekend, has boomed over the past decade. State Assembly Gaming Committee Chairman J. Gary Pretlow predicted Cuomo would endorse the bill, partly because many young New York voters play the fantasy games and because it would generate tax revenues. “It’s a good thing for New Yorkers because there are more than three and half million participants, most of them millennials,” Pretlow said. DraftKings, which has dominated the industry along with FanDuel, praised the legislation as providing what it called a “sensible framework for regulating our games”.  In a statement on Saturday, the company said it would resume operations soon with new rules that provide “fairness and transparency at the core” of all its contests, assuming the governor signs the legislation. FanDuel pointed out that New York was the seventh state to pass a fantasy sports bill this year, following Colorado, Indiana, Mississippi, Missouri, Tennessee, and Virginia. “It speaks to the popularity of our game” said Nigel Eccles, the company’s CEO and co-founder. The New York legislation calls for a 15 percent annual state tax on gross revenues of all sports fantasy contests with an entry fee. Another 0.5 percent will be assessed each year on the companies with a maximum of $50,000. State Senator John Bonacic, who sponsored the bill, estimates annual state revenues will be about $5.5 million, adding that the measure is “going to make a lot of New Yorkers very happy”. The legislation survived heavy opposition from casino companies operating in New York. Opponents said it would weaken New York’s current gaming operations, including the horse racing industry which has been propped up by state government, by giving gamblers more options. After intense lobbying from the fantasy gaming industry, which retained former pro quarterbacks Jim Kelly and Vinny Testaverde to promote the games, lawmakers beat a June 30 deadline to set regulations. Schneiderman said in a statement on Saturday that he would enforce the law as amended, but his office would still pursue claims that DraftKings and FanDuel had engaged in false advertising and consumer fraud. FanDuel and DraftKings are in early-stage talks to merge, people familiar with the matter told Reuters on Monday. ",1
9081,House panel claims oversight of state climate probes into Exxon,"HOUSTON (Reuters) - A Republican-led congressional committee sought on Friday to assert oversight over inquiries that about 20 states are making into Exxon Mobil and climate change, reiterating demands to know more about state attorneys general’s consultations with environmental groups. In a letter, some 17 members of Congress and ranking members of the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee said they have broad jurisdiction that allows them to review investigations carried out by states. The committee was pushing back against state officials who have said they are not subject to federal oversight. The standoff is the latest in a high-stakes battle between the world’s largest publicly traded oil company and a coalition of state attorneys general who have said they would go after Exxon in a bid to force congressional action to tackle climate change. About 20 state officials jointly said in March they would participate in inquiries into whether Exxon executives misled the public by contradicting research from company scientists that spelled out the threats of climate change. Prior to that March announcement, some state officials met with a range of prominent environmental and investment groups that oppose fossil fuels. The House committee has complained the inquiries risk stifling free speech and scientific inquiry, and that state officials were coordinating with special interest groups. The House committee demanded for the second time since May that state officials hand over all records of communications between their offices and outside groups. “Congress has a responsibility to investigate whether such investigations are having a chilling effect on the free flow of scientific inquiry and debate regarding climate change,” the letter said. “People should be troubled by any attempt by members of Congress to silence or undercut basic investigatory authority by a state attorney general’s office,” said Cyndi Roy Gonzalez, a spokeswoman for Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey. “Our office will not be intimidated by oil industry-backed members of the U.S. House of Representatives.” Exxon, for its part, has said it has acknowledged the reality of climate change for years and communicated this to investors.   On Wednesday, Exxon asked a federal court to throw out a subpoena that would force it to hand over decades of documents on climate change to Healey’s office. ",1
9082,"George W. Bush ends exile, helps Republicans raise money","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former President George W. Bush had every intention of sticking to his self-imposed exile from politics, but found that the phone kept ringing with appeals from Republican U.S. Senate candidates for help, friends say. As a result, Bush has embarked on a rescue mission to try to preserve the Republicans’ narrow Senate majority in a year in which many party figures fear presumptive nominee Donald Trump will drag them down to defeat in the Nov. 8 elections. Republicans control 54 seats in the 100-member Senate. “I think that this is a one-off, temporary thing that where he can be helpful he will be,” said Dana Perino, who was Bush’s White House press secretary. Condoleezza Rice, who was Bush’s secretary of state and is now a political science professor at Stanford University, is also raising money for Republican candidates, but on Friday ruled out speculation that she might be drafted as Trump’s vice presidential running mate. “Dr. Rice has repeatedly said in past cycles as well as this one, she’s not interested in being vice president. She’s happy at Stanford and plans to stay,” said Rice chief of staff Georgia Godfrey. Friends say Bush was initially reluctant to get involved, feeling his time in the limelight had passed. They said he was surprised at the appeals he was receiving to get back into politics more than seven years after his eight-year White House run ended. So far Bush has headlined fund-raising events for Senator John McCain of Arizona and Senator Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire. He plans to help senators Rob Portman of Ohio, Ron Johnson of Wisconsin and Roy Blunt of Missouri. Bush is no fan of Trump, but to a certain extent, he is doing Trump a favor in spite of the continuing antagonism toward the Bush family from the bellicose New York businessman. Typically, the party’s nominee is the chief fund-raiser in election years, but Trump’s fund-raising effort has lagged. Meanwhile, Trump continues to take swipes at the Bush family, particularly at Jeb Bush, the former Florida governor who was defeated by Trump in the Republican presidential primary race. On Wednesday in Greensboro, North Carolina, Trump complained about Jeb’s decision not to honor a pledge made last year to support the Republican presidential nominee whoever it is. “He signed the pledge but he hasn’t endorsed me,” Trump said. Like his brother, Jeb Bush is helping raise money for Republican congressional candidates. “The Bush family has a deep love for the party and cares about the future and in light of Trump’s capacity to damage the brand, I think this is part and parcel of doing what they can to preserve the party,” said Jeb Bush’s spokeswoman, Kristy Campbell. ",1
9083,Obama family explores 'Big Room' cavern on national parks tour,"CARLSBAD CAVERNS NATIONAL PARK, N.M. (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama and his family escaped the blistering heat of the Chihuahuan Desert on Friday when they went through a maze of ancient caverns where the only sound was the drip-dripping from stalactites. The subterranean adventure was the first stop on a working vacation during which Obama will spend some time with his teenaged daughters while making the case for more spending on conservation and curbing climate change. It was just like any other family holiday, except the entourage of Secret Service agents, aides and press who follow Obama wherever he goes had to descend the 754 feet (230 m) on elevators in eight shifts. “How cool is this?” he said to the press in the dark, damp alien landscape of the “Big Room,” the best known of the labyrinth of limestone caves that actor Will Rogers once called the “Grand Canyon with a roof on it.”  The president is helping celebrate the centennial of the National Park Service while highlighting his plan to reduce climate-changing carbon emissions, which he sees as part of the legacy of his time in office. The White House has said the changing climate evidenced by  droughts, increased flooding and wildfires and stronger storms has put national parks at risk. The Obamas were due to fly west later on Friday to the Sierra Nevada mountains and Yosemite, the country’s oldest national park and one of its most popular landmarks. Visits to national parks have surged due in part to lower gasoline prices. Still, roads, sewer systems and visitor centers in national parks are aging, and the government is grappling with a $11.5 billion backlog of maintenance projects. At Carlsbad, elevators broke down in 2015, though they seemed in good shape for the Obamas’ descent. During his time in office, which will end on Jan. 20, 2017, Obama has added 20 sites to the national park system, protecting more than 265 million acres of public land and water and historic sites with new parks, monuments and restrictions for development, more than any other president. Interior Secretary Sally Jewell said national park visits in 2016 were on pace to beat last year’s record of 307 million. Tourists contributed an estimated $300 billion to the economy, supporting about 2 million jobs, she told reporters. She wants Congress to remember those numbers as it considers investments in public lands. Republicans have slammed Obama for adding sites at a time when the government does not have enough funding to look after existing ones. “To me, there is little point in conserving lands or allowing the federal government to acquire even more land if we are not going to take proper care of them,” Senator Lisa Murkowski, a Republican from Alaska who is the chairman of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee, said last year. ",1
9084,"Under pressure, senators formulate gun control compromise","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Some Republican senators tried on Friday to craft a compromise bill to impose limited gun restrictions in the face of pressure from Democrats and public rage over the Orlando mass shooting, the deadliest in modern U.S. history. A gunman killed 49 people at the Orlando, Florida, gay nightclub last Sunday, sparking a scramble over competing gun measures in the U.S. Senate. While past gun-control measures have failed to clear Congress, the massacre, coupled with public pressure and a suggestion by Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump that he can work with gun rights lobbyists to bring about change, may be changing the picture. Republicans over the years have blocked gun control measures saying they step on Americans’ right to bear arms as guaranteed under the U.S. Constitution. During a week-long Senate debate, Democrats generally have criticized proposed Republican measures as being ineffective. Republicans and Democrats have offered four separate proposals to expand background checks on gun buyers and curb gun sales for people on terrorism “watch lists.” But they seem destined to fail because of partisan politics and a requirement that any proposal muster 60 of the 100 votes in the U.S. Senate. Republican Susan Collins of Maine, leading the new effort, is considering a more tailored approach. It would prevent the sale of guns to terrorism suspects whose names appear on either the government’s “no-fly” list, which bans them from boarding planes, or a so-called “selectee” list that requires additional screening at airports, her office said in an emailed statement. These lists are much shorter than a broad terrorism watch list kept by the FBI.  Collins’ measure also includes a five-year “look-back” provision that would notify the government if someone who had been on the “no-fly” or “selectee” list in the last five years, but was dropped, purchases a gun. “That would allow the FBI to put the individual under surveillance or take other appropriate action it deems necessary,” Collins’ office said. The gun control issue is deeply divisive and there have been no major restrictions passed since 1994, when Congress imposed a ban on semi-automatic assault weapons. That expired after 10 years. About 71 percent of Americans, including eight out of 10 Democrats and nearly six out of 10 Republicans, favor at least moderate regulations and restrictions on guns, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll conducted from Monday to Thursday. That was up from 60 percent in late 2013 and late 2014.     Vice President Joe Biden weighed in on the debate, urging a public groundswell in support of banning the type of weapons that have been used in mass shootings. “Assault weapons and high-capacity magazines should be banned from civilian ownership,” Biden said on Friday. Both the gunman in the Orlando attack, Omar Mateen, and the married couple who carried out a December mass shooting that killed 14 people in San Bernardino, California, were thought to have been inspired by militant Islamist groups abroad. Collins’ proposal likely would be offered in the Republican-led Senate sometime next week, provided the four other gun-control proposals fail to pass on Monday. Collins is working on the legislation with Senator Jeff Flake of Arizona and Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire; she has also been talking to Democrats. A senior Democratic aide said that Democrats have concerns that under Collins’ bill, some people credibly suspected of involvement in terrorism would not be covered by the weapons ban. Collins told reporters on Thursday that barring everyone on terrorism watch lists from weapons purchases carried with it the risk of affecting people who have been swept onto the lists without good cause. U.S. authorities maintain several watch lists - the Federal Bureau of Investigation maintains three and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence runs one database. People are placed on such lists based on the threat level they are believed to pose. “What we’re trying to do is not deny constitutional rights to a large group of individuals” who find themselves on watch lists despite the fact that there might not be credible evidence of potential criminal intentions, Collins said. At least one Senate Democrat, Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, has been involved in the talks, her spokeswoman said.  “I think she (Collins) is sincerely committed to finding a way to work this out,” said U.S. Senator Chris Murphy who, along with fellow Democrats, set the U.S. Capitol abuzz by talking on the Senate floor for nearly 15 straight hours this week to demand that Congress act on gun control. Murphy said it was too early to say whether any Democrats would get on board with her approach. On Friday, the largest lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender advocacy group in the United States, the Human Rights Campaign, said it would push for curtailing access to assault-style rifles, expanding background checks for firearms buyers and limiting the ability of suspected terrorists to purchase guns. ",1
9085,"Obama, Saudi prince focus on Iraq and Syria in Washington meeting","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama and the deputy crown prince of Saudi Arabia on Friday discussed ways to support Iraqis in their fight against Islamic State militants and the importance of a political transition in war-torn Syria, the White House said. Obama met with Mohammed bin Salman in the Oval office for about an hour. The deputy crown prince is visiting the United States to repair frayed relations and to promote a plan, known as Vision 2030, to slash the kingdom’s dependence on oil exports. “The President expressed appreciation for Saudi Arabia’s contributions to the campaign against ISIL,” the White House said, using an acronym for the Islamic State group.  The two talked about steps to support Iraqis “including increased Gulf support to fund urgent humanitarian and stabilization needs,” the White House said.  U.S. officials have expressed unease about the Saudi-led campaign against Houthi rebels in Yemen, which according to the United Nations and human rights groups has resulted in large numbers of civilian casualties. Saudi Arabia is worried about closer relations between the United States and Iran, Riyadh’s arch enemy, after a 2015 nuclear deal.   Obama welcomed Saudi Arabia’s commitment to a political settlement of the Yemen conflict and support by the Gulf Cooperation Council, of which the kingdom is a member, to address humanitarian needs and rebuild the country, the White House said.  On Syria, Obama and the prince talked about the importance of supporting a political transition away from President Bashar al-Assad, the White House said. The United States is working with international partners on what it calls a Syrian-led transition process facilitated by the United Nations, but so far there has been little progress.  Over 50 diplomats at the U.S. State Department signed a memo, leaked on Thursday, that was critical of the Obama administration’s Syria policy and called for targeted military strikes against Assad’s government.  Asked about the memo, Saudi Arabia’s Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir, also in Washington, told reporters the kingdom had been arguing for a “more robust intervention” including airstrikes, a no-fly zone, and a no-drive zone, from the beginning of the five-year civil war.  Obama does not see a military solution to the crisis in Syria, White House spokeswoman Jen Friedman said.  Both Washington and Riyadh are anticipating the release of classified pages of a U.S. report into the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks, that some U.S. lawmakers have alleged link Saudi government officials to the attacks. Jubeir said investigations show that the allegations “are not correct and they don’t hold.”  ",1
9086,Bloomberg looks West after bankrolling Philadelphia soda tax win,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - After successfully funding a campaign to pass a soda tax in Philadelphia, billionaire Michael Bloomberg is preparing to fund similar efforts in several other cities, giving new momentum to  measures seeking to limit soft drink consumption. The former New York City mayor contributed the bulk of the money for the pro-soda tax side in Philadelphia, providing around $1.6 million. Now the prominent public health crusader will support measures in San Francisco and Oakland, California this year, Howard Wolfson, a senior adviser to Bloomberg, said in a conference call on Friday. Bloomberg may also support soda tax drives in Seattle and Multnomah County in Oregon, which includes Portland, in 2017, Wolfson said.  The billionaire’s planned backing raises the stakes for the powerful beverage industry, which has lobbied hard to defeat many of the 43 municipal and state-level attempts to implement a soda tax that have failed since 2008. Before this week, Berkeley, California was the only U.S. city with a soda tax.  But the success in Philadelphia, the country’s fifth-largest city with a diverse population of 1.6 million, could mark a turning point as Americans become more aware of health campaigners’ message that sugary soft drinks contribute to obesity and diabetes.   “If Berkeley was a tremor, Philadelphia is an earthquake, and we expect there will be more earthquakes going forward,” Wolfson said.  As New York’s mayor, Bloomberg led efforts to pass a state-level soda tax, prevent residents from buying sodas with food stamps, and limit the size of sugary beverages. His efforts prompted public outcry against what were dubbed “nanny state” initiatives, and all three measures were ultimately defeated. Philadelphia’s Mayor Jim Kenney took a different approach, emphasizing the revenue benefits of the tax over the health angle. The city council approved the measure in a 13-4 vote on Thursday after activists raised a total of around $2 million, according to Kevin Feeley, who led the pro-tax campaign.  Feeley and Wolfson both said the soda industry outspent the pro-tax campaign.  A spokeswoman for the American Beverage Association (ABA), which represents Coca-Cola Co and PepsiCo and funded a local group opposing the tax, said the group did not yet have a final tally for how much it spent. The spokeswoman added that the group would “oppose all discriminatory tax proposals.” The group has said the tax’s passage in Philadelphia was the result of unique local political conditions and unlikely to have a ripple effect in other cities.   The ABA said on Thursday it would sue Philadelphia to stop the tax, and Wolfson did not rule out the possibility that Bloomberg would contribute to aid the city’s defense.  Wolfson declined to specify an amount that Bloomberg was willing to spend on the San Francisco and Oakland efforts, but noted that he was “not in a position to match soda dollar for dollar.” Bloomberg’s contributions are meant to help “level the playing field,” he said. (Story corrects first name of Howard Wolfson in paragraph two previously said Michael.) ",1
9087,Ryan says Republicans should follow 'conscience' on Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican lawmakers should follow their conscience on whether to support Donald Trump in November’s presidential election, U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan has said in an interview, reflecting the party’s unease over its White House candidate.  “The last thing I would do is tell anybody to do something that’s contrary to their conscience. Of course I wouldn’t do that,” the Republicans’ most senior elected official said in excerpts released on Friday of an NBC interview set to air on Sunday.  Some Republican leaders and lawmakers in the House of Representatives are struggling to get behind the New York businessman, who last month became the party’s presumptive nominee for the Nov. 8 election. After an initial delay, Ryan has said he will back Trump but he has also acknowledged deep differences with him. He denounced as textbook racism Trump’s criticism of a Mexican-American judge and has also criticized Trump’s proposal - reiterated after the  massacre of 49 people in a gay bar in Orlando on Sunday - to temporarily bar Muslims from the United States. As Republicans seek to keep control of both chambers of Congress, Trump’s comments on such issues have also worried some lawmakers concerned about their own election prospects, particularly in close races. All 247 House Republican seats are up for grabs in the election. Trump, who has welcomed support from Ryan, this week fired back at Republican leaders, telling them to stop speaking out against him or else risk him potentially running “by myself.” Ryan said earlier this week at his weekly press conference that he does not plan to withdraw his support of Trump, although they disagree on some key issues.  “I feel as a responsibility institutionally as the speaker of the House that I should not be leading some chasm in the middle of our party. Because you know what I know that’ll do? That’ll definitely knock us out of the White House,” Ryan said in the interview for NBC’s “Meet the Press” program. Trump’s embrace this week of the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community and potential gun control measures, in contrast to general Republican orthodoxy have also thrown conservative lawmakers.  Still, Republican leaders have to reconcile their unease with the fact that primary Republican voters opted for Trump. He has never held elected office before but won more than enough delegates to secure the party’s nomination at the Republican convention in July.  ",1
9088,Potential Boeing Iran sale faces opposition in U.S. Congress,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two senior Republican House of Representatives lawmakers said on Friday they were concerned that Boeing Co’s reported plans to sell aircraft to Iran could threaten U.S. national security and had requested more information from the company. “American companies should not be complicit in weaponizing the Iranian Regime,” Representatives Jeb Hensarling and Peter Roskam said in a letter to Boeing released on Friday. Iran said on Tuesday it had reached an agreement with Boeing for the supply of jetliners, reopening the country’s skies to new U.S. aircraft for the first time in decades under an international nuclear agreement that eased sanctions. Boeing has not confirmed an aircraft sale agreement. The company on Tuesday declined to provide detailed comment in response to Western and Middle East sources saying Iran had reached an understanding with the company to acquire over 100 passenger jets. The nuclear pact reached by Democratic President Barack Obama was opposed by every Republican member of the U.S. Congress. Several questioned the Boeing deal as soon as the news reports came out. In their letter to Boeing Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg, the lawmakers asked for “clarification” of the current state of negotiations. Their questions included whether Boeing could guarantee that Iran’s government could not convert Boeing passenger aircraft to cargo aircraft and whether it would repossess aircraft if Iran violated the nuclear agreement. Hensarling is chairman of the House Financial Services Committee and Roskam is chairman of the Oversight subcommittee of the Ways and Means Committee. Not every congressional Republican is opposed to a potential U.S. aircraft deal. Senator Mark Kirk, who represents Illinois, where Boeing is headquartered, said in a hallway interview at the Senate he had mixed feelings about it. “You want the jobs, but you are worried about what the Iranians are going to do with the aircraft,” Kirk said this week. ",1
9089,Florida lawmaker drops Senate bid to make way for Rubio,"(Reuters) - U.S. Representative David Jolly ended his bid for a U.S. Senate seat from Florida on Friday, opening the way for Marco Rubio to seek re-election in an effort to help Republicans maintain control of the chamber. “Marco is saying he’s getting in,” Jolly, a fellow Republican who has been running to fill the seat for the past 10 months, said on CNN. Rubio dropped out of the race for the Republican presidential nomination.  Later Friday, Jolly, who represents the area around St. Petersburg and Clearwater, said he will run for re-election to his congressional seat. “Today I am asking my friends and neighbors to let me continue doing my job as a member of Congress,” Jolly said in a news conference in Clearwater. He will likely face former Governor Charlie Crist, a Democrat, in the Nov. 8 election.  Rubio, who ended his presidential bid in March, said this week he was reconsidering running and may decide as early as this weekend.  Representatives for Rubio declined to answer questions about his future plans. At the news conference, Jolly said he fully expects Rubio to run for re-election to the Senate. His spokesman Preston Rudie told Reuters the congressman “had no actual knowledge of a Rubio decision.” Rubio’s entry into the senate race would complicate Democrats’ efforts to win back a majority in the Senate in the November election. Republicans won control of the Senate in the 2014 mid-term election and now hold 54 seats in the 100-seat chamber. Democrats have 44 seats and two independents are aligned with them.      Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and other Republicans have urged Rubio to run despite a pledge during his presidential campaign not to seek re-election. They cited polls showing he is the only Republican who can win the state. The deadline is June 24 for candidates to file with Florida election officials their intention to run for the Senate. The Republican primary election will be held on Aug. 30. ",1
9090,"Sanders vows to help Clinton beat Trump, but keeps campaign alive","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Bernie Sanders promised on Thursday to work with presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton to defeat Republican Donald Trump in the Nov. 8 election, but did not formally pull out of the race for the White House. Sanders did not endorse Clinton during an online speech to his supporters, but made it clear he was shifting his focus to building a grassroots movement to fight for his liberal policy agenda and transform the Democratic Party. “The major political task that we face in the next five months is to make certain that Donald Trump is defeated and defeated badly, and I personally intend to begin my role in that process in a very short period of time,” the U.S. senator from Vermont said. “I also look forward to working with Secretary Clinton to transform the Democratic Party so that it becomes a party of working people and young people, and not just wealthy campaign contributors,” he said in a speech broadcast from his hometown of Burlington, Vermont. Sanders, who has resisted pressure from Democrats to exit the White House race and back Clinton since she clinched the party nomination last week, said he would keep fighting for his goals of reducing income inequality, removing big money from politics and reining in Wall Street. “Defeating Donald Trump cannot be our only goal. We must continue our grassroots efforts to create the America that we know we can become,” he said. “And we must take that energy into the Democratic National Convention on July 25 in Philadelphia where we will have more than 1,900 delegates.” Sanders has kept his campaign alive as leverage to force concessions from Clinton on his policy goals during deliberations on the party’s issues platform, and on the reforms he seeks in the Democratic Party’s nominating process. But he has laid off some staff, stopped campaigning and dropped plans to court unbound delegates in an unspoken acknowledgment the former secretary of state will be the nominee. Sanders, who met with Clinton on Tuesday night after the nominating process ended, said he would continue his discussions with her campaign to make certain “the Democratic Party passes the most progressive platform in its history, and that Democrats actually fight for that agenda.” “Our vision for the future of this country is not some kind of fringe idea. It is not a radical idea. It is mainstream. It is what millions of Americans believe in and want to see happen,” Sanders said. ",1
9091,Senate inches toward possible gun control action,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A long-running battle over gun control in the United States reaches a critical stage next week in the U.S. Senate amid signs Americans are more willing to accept limited restrictions after the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history. While it is far from likely new measures will pass, the Orlando, Florida, gay nightclub massacre of 49 people and a suggestion by Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump that something be done have fostered a different atmosphere. While President Barack Obama was in Orlando consoling the survivors of the rampage by a gunman who claimed allegiance to Islamic State militants, the U.S. Senate moved closer to votes on limited gun control measures. About 71 percent of Americans, including eight out of 10 Democrats and nearly six out of 10 Republicans, favor at least moderate regulations and restrictions on guns, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll conducted from Monday to Thursday. That was up from 60 percent in late 2013 and late 2014. As always, Democrats were challenging Republicans to vote for new restrictions and reject pressure from the National Rifle Association, the powerful gun lobby that has been known to punish politicians who thwart its will. U.S. Senator Chris Murphy of Connecticut and fellow Democrats set the U.S. Capitol abuzz by talking on the Senate floor for nearly 15 straight hours to demand that Congress act on gun control. They ended their speeches before dawn, citing a Republican pledge to hold votes soon on measures to expand background checks on gun buyers and to prevent people on U.S. terrorism watch lists from buying guns. The Senate is expected to vote on Monday on four proposals. One from Democrat Dianne Feinstein would let the government prevent terrorist suspects from buying guns. A second from Republican John Cornyn, the No. 2 Senate Republican, would require court approval within three days for a government ban on an individual’s attempt to buy a gun. Democrats have said Cornyn’s plan is unworkable; Republicans say Feinstein’s might harm the rights of people wrongly on terror suspect lists. A third proposal, from Democrat Murphy, would expand background check procedures to the sales of all firearms, including those online and at gun shows. A fourth proposal, from Republican Senator Chuck Grassley, would provide for law enforcement to be notified if a person investigated for terrorism in the last five years tries to buy a gun.  Gun control is a potent issue in U.S. politics. Republicans, who control the Senate, have blocked Democratic-backed gun control measures over the years, saying they infringe on the right to bear arms guaranteed by the U.S. Constitution. Any bill would have to pass both houses of Congress and be signed by the president to become law. At his weekly news conference on Thursday, Paul Ryan, speaker of the House of Representatives, injected a note of caution. “We don’t take away a citizen’s rights without due process,” said Ryan, the top U.S. elected Republican. “If you have a quick idea in the heat of the moment that says let’s take away a person’s rights without due process, we’re going to defend the Constitution.” A string of mass shootings across the United States in schoolhouses, churches, movie theaters and other public places has failed to break the deadlock. The last major gun control measure was a ban in 1994 on semi-automatic assault weapons such as the one used in Orlando on Sunday. The ban expired 10 years later. One of the most dramatic moments in the Senate debate came when Republican Senator John McCain, who is in a tough re-election race in Arizona, told reporters Obama is “directly responsible” for Islamic State-inspired attacks on Americans like the one in Orlando. He later said he meant to say he blamed Obama’s decision to withdraw most U.S. forces from Iraq, and that this had fueled the rise of Islamic State. Murphy, asked what would be the message if the Senate fails to act on the gun control measures next week, suggested it could be a campaign issue for the Nov. 8 election. “There are going to be a lot of voters in this country who are going to watch ... the votes that are cast next week,” he said. Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee for president has been endorsed by the NRA. He jumped into the gun debate by saying he would meet with NRA leaders to talk about barring people who are on terrorism watch lists from buying guns. “I’ll be looking at it very, very seriously - the terror watch list and the no-fly list, I’m going to be talking to the NRA about that and starting a real dialogue. I think a lot of people agree with me but I want to really hear what they have to say,” Trump told Fox News on Wednesday night. Democrats were deeply skeptical that Trump’s word signaled any sort of shift toward more Republican support for Democratic-backed gun control proposals. “He is going to meet with the NRA. ... What’s he going to come out saying? ‘Oh the NRA and I agreed we shouldn’t have terrorists have guns,’ but doing nothing about it,” U.S. Senator Chuck Schumer of New York told reporters.  ",1
9092,"Trumped by candidate's rhetoric, Republican lawmakers at a loss for words","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The awkward efforts of Republicans to embrace their party’s standard-bearer Donald Trump looked particularly painful in Congress this week as lawmakers ducked into elevators, dashed away from reporters, ignored questions or, worse, tried to answer them.  Only days after a furor over his criticism of a Mexican-American judge, the presumptive presidential nominee sent Republicans reeling again by renewing his call for a ban on Muslim immigration after a gunman who pledged allegiance to Islamic militants killed of 49 people at a Florida nightclub. Then former reality TV star Trump waded into two sensitive topics for social conservatives by embracing the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) community and suggesting the country may need certain new gun control measures.   For lawmakers accustomed to well-crafted talking points and predictable lines of questioning, the week marked a chaotic flurry of contorted responses or terse, tight-lipped replies. Senator John Barrasso of Wyoming walked away when asked about Trump’s embrace of the LGBT community, saying: “I don’t know what the latest is. I haven’t read anything. I haven’t been watching.” Florida Senator Marco Rubio, a former Trump adversary in the presidential primaries, had to bat away two Trump questions before he could announce that he is considering running for re-election – a decision that could determine whether Republicans retain control of the Senate in the Nov. 8 election. Senator Ted Cruz, another rival in the primaries, refused to respond directly to the speech in which Trump hardened his line on Muslims while Senate Intelligence Chairman Richard Burr called it “an OK speech” before stepping into an elevator and refusing to respond to any more questions.   The Trump challenge is obvious even for seasoned Republicans.          “I’m spending my days commenting on everything that Donald Trump says,” lamented John McCain, chairman of Senate Armed Services Committee. Orrin Hatch, the longest-serving Republican in the Senate, ricocheted from rejection of Trump’s comments on Muslims to doubts about the legality of his proposed immigration ban to bafflement over the billionaire’s response to the Orlando shootings.  Trump controversies have also overshadowed House Speaker Paul Ryan’s rollout of a policy agenda, a campaign document that was supposed to help bring Trump’s position more into line with mainline party doctrine.  Asked on Thursday whether he was bothered by having to contend with Trump’s remarks, Ryan called Trump “a different kind of candidate...(in) a different kind of year.”  Asked how many more times he would be called on to do so, Ryan said: “I don’t know the answer to that question either.” In an ironic message to his critics among the Republican leadership this week, Trump had this to say: “Be quiet, just please be quiet. Don’t talk. Please be quiet. Just be quiet.” Ryan’s response? “...You can’t make this up sometimes,” he said.   A political neophyte who has never held elected office, Trump has also said he may not need much from his Republican colleagues on Capitol Hill anyway. “We have to have our Republicans either stick together or let me just do it by myself. I’ll do very well,” he said in a CNN interview. “A lot of people thought I should do that anyway, but I’ll just do it very nicely by myself.”    ",1
9093,McCain says he 'misspoke' in blaming Obama for attacks on Americans,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator John McCain said on Thursday that President Barack Obama was “directly responsible” for attacks on Americans like the one in Florida because of policies that contributed to the rise of the Islamic State. But the Arizona Republican later  said he misspoke. McCain, who is in a tough re-election race, made the comments after reporters chased him down a marble stairway and into a hallway of the U.S. Capitol. They asked what he was hearing from constituents about gun control issues being debated in the Senate after Sunday’s shooting rampage by a gunman who claimed allegiance to Islamic State militants. “I’m hearing a lot from my constituents about what happened and of course I am making them realize that Barack Obama is directly responsible for it,” McCain said. “Because when he pulled everybody out of Iraq, al Qaeda went to Syria, became ISIS, and ISIS is what it is today thanks to Barack Obama’s failures, utter failures,” McCain said. “So the responsibility for it lies with President Barack Obama and his failed policies.” After media reports began to appear about his comments, McCain, who lost the White House to Obama in the 2008 presidential election, posted a clarification on Twitter and then issued a statement that said he meant to blame Obama’s policies, not the president personally. “I misspoke. I did not mean to imply that the president was personally responsible. I was referring to President Obama’s national security decisions, not the president himself,” McCain said in the statement. Forty-nine people died in the shooting in Orlando, the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history. The gunman was U.S.-born Omar Mateen, 29, whose parents immigrated from Afghanistan. McCain, 79, faces multiple opponents in a Republican primary race in August, and some analysts say he is in danger of losing the Senate seat he has held for three decades. Earlier this week, presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump appeared to suggest Obama may have been complicit in the Orlando attacks. “Look, we’re led by a man that either is not tough, not smart, or he’s got something else in mind,” Trump told Fox News. “And the something else in mind — you know, people can’t believe it ... There’s something going on. It’s inconceivable. There’s something going on.” ",1
9094,White House sees surge in Syrian refugee admissions this year,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Obama administration believes it will be able to process many more Syrian refugees in the last half of fiscal 2016 than in the first six months, allowing it to meet its goal of admitting at least 10,000 by Sept. 30. In a letter to Democratic Senator Richard Durbin seen by Reuters on Thursday, the White House said it has allocated additional staff and added more processing locations in the Middle East to expedite the screening process without compromising U.S. security. “Therefore, we expect to admit more Syrians in the third and fourth quarters of fiscal year 2016 than we did in the first and second quarters to meet our goal of admitting at least 10,000 Syrian refugees this fiscal year,” the letter said. The administration’s move is in sharp contrast to recent anti-refugee rhetoric by many Republicans, especially since the killings in Orlando on Sunday raised fears of attacks. Donald Trump, the presumptive 2016 Republican presidential nominee, has called for the refugee resettlement program to be suspended, saying “We don’t know who they are. They have no documentation, and we don’t know what they’re planning.” Backers of the administration’s plan dispute such statements, citing the extensive screening process the Syrian refugees undergo. So far, the United States has offered refuge to far fewer of the millions fleeing the war in Syria than many of its closest allies. Germany has taken in hundreds of thousands and Canada admitted nearly 30,000 between November 2015 and May 1, 2016. The letter said the administration had set up a temporary processing center in Jordan and expanded operations in Turkey. It also has restarted interviews in neighboring Lebanon, and begun limited processing in Erbil, Iraq. Durbin was a lead author of a letter to President Barack Obama in May, which was signed by more than half the Democrats in the Senate and urged the president to move more quickly to admit Syrians. By mid-May, only 1,736 Syrians had been allowed into the country, a pace that would have fallen far short of the 10,000 goal for the full year. The letter seen on Thursday was the administration’s response to the one sent in May. Obama’s plan to admit 10,000 Syrians was met with a firestorm of criticism in the United States, mostly from Republicans who say that violent militants could enter the country by posing as refugees. More than 30 governors, most of them Republicans, have tried to keep refugees out of their states. ",1
9095,Illinois budget impasse hits $550 million bond sale,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Illinois’ long-running budget impasse stung the state on Thursday in the U.S. municipal market where buyers of its $550 million bond issue demanded bigger yields over the market benchmark. The pricing was “surprisingly soft,” considering a strong rally in muni bonds on Thursday, said Greg Saulnier, a Municipal Market Data analyst. The results demonstrate that the market is increasing its penalty due to the state’s worsening fiscal and political problems, leaving Illinois unable to take full advantage of the historically low borrowing rates. Bank of America Merrill Lynch won the tax-exempt general obligation deal in competitive bidding, pricing bonds due in 2026 with a 5 percent coupon to yield 3.32 percent, which is 185 basis points over MMD’s triple-A yield scale. The spread was 175 basis points ahead of the bond sale, according to MMD, a unit of Thomson Reuters.  It was also wider than the 154 basis-point spread in 10 years for Illinois’ $480 million GO bond sale in January. Illinois is poised to be the only U.S. state since at least the 1930s to end a fiscal year without a complete budget. Its Republican governor and Democratic-controlled legislature have so far failed to reach a deal on fiscal 2016 or 2017 spending plans. That leaves unaddressed the growing structural budget deficit and huge $111 billion unfunded pension liability in the fifth-biggest U.S. state. The bond issue itself was seen as a weapon in the political war to pressure Democrats to cave in to Governor Bruce Rauner’s demands, while losing money for the cash-strapped state. Muni yields have been hitting new record lows on MMD’s scale in recent days, driven by cash-heavy investors chasing low supply of debt. Rauner’s office said the true interest cost for the bonds, which carry maturities from 2017 to 2041, was 3.74 percent, down from 3.99 percent in the January sale, and the lowest ever for similar general obligation bonds issued by the state. “It’s clear from today’s bond sale that investors realize Illinois now has a governor that is trying to turn the state around and right its fiscal ship,” Rauner spokeswoman Catherine Kelly said in a statement. Some market participants thought Illinois’ so-called credit spread should be even wider. “It’s odd to me,” said Nicholos Venditti, a portfolio manager at Thornburg Investment Management. “Illinois has proven time and time again they can’t get anything done.”    Heading into the deal, Illinois’ credit ratings, which were already the lowest among the states, were downgraded by Moody’s Investor Service and Standard & Poor’s.  The governor’s office also revealed on Wednesday that the state lacks appropriations to actually spend all the proceeds earmarked mainly for road construction and mass transit projects due to the impasse. State Treasurer Michael Frerichs, a first-term Democrat, predicted the bond issue could be a net money-loser for Illinois if the borrowed funds go unspent and must be invested short-term. “We’ll make far less in interest than we’ll be paying in interest to the bondholders,” Frerichs said in an interview. “I think we need to make these investments in infrastructure, but we’re going about it in the wrong order. It seems backwards issuing the bonds and hoping they get an appropriation to spend them.” On Wednesday, Rauner administration officials warned of the imminent shutdown of transportation projects and the loss of 25,000 construction jobs without a budget deal. Spokesmen for House Speaker Michael Madigan and Senate President John Cullerton, both Democrats, declined to speculate on the chances of either legislative chamber granting the Rauner administration the spending authority it needs to fully tap the bond issue.  ",1
9096,Philadelphia passes soda tax after mayor rewrites playbook,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Philadelphia Mayor Jim Kenney scored a victory that had eluded more than 40 U.S. public officials who took on the powerful U.S. soda industry when the city council voted on Thursday to slap a tax on sweetened drinks.  After a bitter, months-long battle, the city council voted 13-4 to approve a 1.5 cent-per-ounce tax on sugary and diet drinks beginning in January. The council already approved the plan in a preliminary vote last week, and the outcome had not been expected to change.  The City of Brotherly Love became the biggest U.S. city to have such a tax. Much smaller Berkeley, California, was the first. Similar efforts, including several spearheaded by former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg, were defeated after intense lobbying from organizations like the American Beverage Association, which opposes the Philadelphia move and represents Coca-Cola Co and PepsiCo Inc.  Following Thursday’s vote, the ABA said it would take legal action to stop the tax.  The Philadelphia vote marked a major victory for health advocates who say sugary drinks cause obesity and diabetes. But experts noted those concerns were not the focus for Kenney and other backers of the tax as they took on critics complaining that “nanny state” public health measures intrude on residents’ personal lives. Instead, Kenney rewrote the soda-tax advocate’s playbook. He played up the benefits of the cash injection from the tax for the city’s depleted coffers. In the first year, the tax is projected to raise $91 million, and he pledged to spend funds on public programs such as universal pre-kindergarten. “If you want to tax something and people know where the money’s going to go, then it’s easier for them to get behind it,” Kenney said in an interview. He noted that focusing on revenue, rather than health, was largely responsible for the measure’s passage.  The strategic shift could lend momentum to movements in San Francisco, neighboring Oakland, California, and Boulder, Colorado. Residents of those cities will vote in November on similar taxes, which could deal further blows to a U.S. soft drink industry already hit by declining soda consumption. U.S. soda consumption fell for the 11th straight year in 2015, according to Euromonitor data.  Bloomberg made public health a centerpiece of his tenure as New York City mayor between 2002 and 2013. He moved to limit smoking in parks and restaurants, ban transfats and require calorie counts posted in some restaurants. On soda, he pushed for a tax, then a ban on soda purchases with food stamps, and finally a much-lampooned limit on the size of sugary drinks. His efforts were ultimately rejected, with critics decrying the moves toward a “nanny state.”  The strategy worked in Britain, where a new soft drinks levy was announced in March after officials emphasized the country’s obesity crisis, saying it cost the economy billions of pounds annually and was a huge burden on the state-funded health system.  That approach never worked in Philadelphia. Michael Nutter, the previous mayor, twice tried to pass a soda tax as a health initiative and as a way to plug a budget shortfall. He was unable to push it through the city council. “Twice before it was used in Philadelphia and it was not successful. It was used in New York and it was not effective,” said Kenney, adding that while the health benefits of a tax are not “less important,” they are less tangible.  Kenney, who became mayor in January, had made a campaign pledge to provide universal pre-kindergarten, and he kept that issue as his focus. A spokeswoman said complex state laws on taxation made enacting a citywide soda tax the best option to raise revenue for that signature proposal. Bloomberg personally contributed funding to support Philadelphia’s pro-tax campaigners.  Opponents of Philadelphia’s soda tax argued that the measure will disproportionately hurt the poor and prompt Philadelphians to travel to nearby suburbs to buy soda.  A spokesman for No Philly Grocery Tax, a local ABA-funded group, said it would sue the city to stop it from imposing the “unconstitutional” tax, but was still analyzing all its legal options. In a statement, it called the tax “regressive and discriminatory.”  Kenney said the city was prepared to defend the tax in any litigation from the beverage industry.  “It’s the precedent that they were so staunchly fighting, and that’s their problem now,” Kenney said. “You’re going to see the beginnings of a kind of domino effect relative to this specific effort.”  In Colorado, Boulder hopes to use soda tax revenue on health programs, and San Francisco and Oakland officials would recommend but not require funds raised to go toward obesity and diabetes prevention.  When Berkeley passed its soda tax in 2014, industry groups dismissed the measure as a fluke given the city’s largely white population and reputation as a hotbed for liberal measures. But Philadelphia is the fifth-largest U.S. city, with 1.6 million people. “No one can trivialize it as they can trivialize Berkeley,” said Larry Tramutola, a California political strategist who worked on the Berkeley campaign and is currently leading the San Francisco and Oakland efforts. ",1
9097,Rubio considers running for re-election to Senate,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida said on Wednesday he is  considering running for re-election and may decide to jump into the race as early as this weekend, a move that could help Republicans retain their majority in the U.S. Senate.  “I’ll go home later this week. And I’ll have some time with my family. And then, if there’s a change in our status, I’ll be sure to let everyone know,” the former Republican presidential candidate told reporters in the U.S. Capitol.  Rubio, 45, first elected to the Senate in 2010, announced his retirement from the Senate in March after losing Florida’s presidential primary. But Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell and others have been pressuring him to reconsider, citing polling data showing him to be the only Republican who can win the election in Florida.  Rubio confirmed a Politico report that he was urged to run for re-election on Sunday in Orlando, Florida, by one of the Republicans contending for the seat, his friend Lieutenant Governor Carlos Lopez-Cantera. The two men were in Orlando after the shooting that killed 49 people at a gay nightclub. Another Florida Republican hopeful, U.S. Representative David Jolly, has indicated he would step aside if Rubio entered the race. Rubio must decide whether to seek re-election by June 24, the filing deadline for Florida’s August primary. ",1
9098,Vote on gun control measures in Senate likely on Tuesday: Feinstein,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A vote on gun control measures in the U.S. Senate seeking to prevent the sale of firearms to potential terrorists is likely to be held on Tuesday, Senator Dianne Feinstein of California said on Thursday. ",1
9099,Clinton outpaces rivals in drug company donations,"WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has taken more money from employees of America’s 15 biggest pharmaceuticals companies than all of the Republicans who attempted a run for the White House this year combined, according to campaign finance disclosures. The donations, which were nearly double those accepted by Democratic rival Bernie Sanders, came even as the former senator and secretary of state vowed to curb price gouging in the industry if elected. Clinton’s campaign took nearly $240,000 from employees of the industry between its launch and the end of April, compared with just under $168,000 for all of the Republicans together, including around $1,700 for presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump, according to the filings.  The money, a drop in the bucket of Clinton’s nearly $190 million in overall individual contributions, has tended to come from people in top jobs: 54 percent of the donors list their position as executive, director, manager or lawyer. Donors and company officials contacted by Reuters declined to comment on the contributions. Industry insiders say the sector may be drawn to Clinton for a few reasons: She has a good chance of winning against Trump in November, her policies are relatively transparent and predictable, and she’s more supportive of international trade than rivals. Many of the biggest pharmaceuticals companies are also headquartered in areas of the country that are more heavily populated by liberals, like New Jersey and New York – another potential reason for the Clinton-heavy employee donations. “(Trade) is, in particular, an issue for the pharmaceutical industry. They all operate trans-nationally,” said Dan Mendelson, president of Avalere Health, a consulting firm that works with companies across the health sector. He added: “We have very limited ability to predict what would happen in a Trump administration. We don’t know the people, we don’t have a lot to go on.” Trump, who largely self-funded his primary bid, only recently began soliciting donations for the general election, meaning his contributions from supporters in all industries are likely to rise in the coming months. Clinton tapped into widespread public frustration over soaring health costs this winter when she outlined a plan to curb drug price hikes and singled out pharmaceuticals company Valeant, saying she would “go after them” if elected. Trump’s campaign seized on Clinton’s donations from the industry as proof that she would be unlikely to follow through.  “Hillary Clinton will be totally controlled by the special interests,” Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks said. Clinton has rejected the idea. “Hillary Clinton has spent her career fighting to crack down on rising prescription drug prices and hold drug companies accountable,” spokesman Josh Schwerin said.  Clinton’s donations from drug companies have grown since the last time she ran, in 2008, but fall far short of her rival in that race, President Barack Obama, who took in more than $500,000 in contributions from employees of pharmaceutical companies during the equivalent period of time. Clinton’s total in this race so far, however, beats the combined take in the 2012 election of Obama and Republican nominee Mitt Romney from employees of the industry of $170,000, according to the filings. ",1
9100,"Senate gun control vote on Monday, says a leading Republican","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate will most likely vote on four gun control measures on Monday, the No. 2 Republican in the Senate said, after the weekend shooting massacre at a gay nightclub in Florida. Two of the proposals are sponsored by Democrats and two by Republicans, Senator John Cornyn of Texas said on Thursday. “I think it’s pretty definite,” he said of the Monday time frame. ",1
9101,U.S. top court puts some limits on contractor fraud lawsuits,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Thursday imposed some limits on the kind of fraud claims that can be brought against federal contractors in a case involving a suit against one of America’s largest hospital operators over a woman’s death at one of its facilities. But the 8-0 ruling was not the broad victory for business sought by the company, Universal Health Services, and other healthcare providers fearful of suits under the U.S. False Claims Act, which lets individuals make claims that the federal government has been defrauded. The justices threw out a 2015 appeals court ruling that had allowed the parents of Yarushka Rivera to sue Universal Health Services under the False Claims Act, but sent the case back to a lower court, meaning the suit could potentially still proceed. Rivera suffered a fatal seizure in 2009 at age 19 a mental health facility owned by the company in Lawrence, Massachusetts. The lawsuit said the facility provided “gravely inadequate treatment” and used “unsupervised and unqualified personnel.” The ruling represented a partial victory for the business community because it rejected the lower court’s expansive view of a company’s liability under the False Claims Act.  Roy Englert, King of Prussia, Pennsylvania-based Universal Health Services’ lawyer, said he was pleased the justices threw out the appeals court ruling and set a “new rigorous standard” for determining if the claims can move forward. Rivera’s parents, Julio Escobar and Carmen Correa, accused the company of defrauding the government because it was getting federal Medicaid funding to provide treatment to low-income people and did not comply with personnel regulations at the Lawrence facility. The ruling “accepts the basic notion that fraudsters can’t provide shoddy services to the government and expect payment without incurring significant liability,” said David Frederick, the lawyer for Rivera’s family. Businesses had hoped the justices would put more limits, or disallow completely, lawsuits based on a federal contractor’s failure to meet certain legal or regulatory requirements not specifically outlined in a government contract.  The court instead said such lawsuits can be filed as long as they are relevant to the government’s decision to make the payment to the company. Justice Clarence Thomas, writing for the court, said the parents “may well have adequately pleaded a violation” of the fraud law, but added that the False Claims Act “is not a means of imposing treble damages and other penalties for insignificant regulatory or contractual violations.” The Obama administration had backed the parents. ",1
9102,"Clinton considering Warren, not Sanders, for running mate: WSJ","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Hillary Clinton is considering U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren for her running mate for the Democratic presidential ticket, the Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday, citing several people familiar with the process. Warren, a leading progressive voice among Democrats, is among those Democratic presidential candidate Clinton is vetting for the vice presidential position, the newspaper reported. Clinton’s rival Bernie Sanders is not, it added.  Sources told Reuters earlier this month that Warren, who represents Massachusetts, is considering the potential role.  Representatives for Clinton, Sanders and Warren did not immediately reply to requests for comment on the report. Clinton is the Democratic Party’s presumptive nominee for the Nov. 8 presidential election, having won the last primary contest this week in the District of Columbia.  Although Clinton and Sanders met this week, the senator from Vermont does not plan to end his campaign or endorse Clinton in a video speech to supporters scheduled for later on Thursday, his spokesman said.     While the search for a potential partner in the race is still in its early stages, the Journal reported several Democrats said Clinton’s campaign is looking at a number of potential candidates, including Warren. Other prospective running mates include U.S. Labor Secretary Tom Perez and U.S. Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julián Castro, according to the report. Senators Tim Kaine of Virginia, Sherrod Brown of Ohio and Cory Booker of New Jersey as well as U.S. Representatives Xavier Becerra of California and Tim Ryan of Ohio are also under consideration, it said.  Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti is also a potential candidate, it added.  Warren threw her support behind Clinton last week as the former secretary of state moved her sights from the nominating contest toward a Nov. 8 match-up against presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump. Warren could help Clinton win over Sanders supporters from the party’s more liberal wing after a surprisingly protracted primary race. Sanders, a self-described Democratic socialist, has not yet dropped out.  She also would give Clinton a vocal boost in her fight against Trump. Warren has called Trump a threat to the country and has vowed to keep lashing out at him. (This story has been refiled to remove superfluous word “endorsed” in paragraph nine.) ",1
9103,"Labor powerhouse AFL-CIO backs Clinton, vows 'targeted campaign'","(Reuters) - The largest labor federation in the United States, the AFL-CIO, endorsed Hillary Clinton for president on Thursday, vowing to throw the full weight of more than 50 unions representing 12.5 million members behind the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee.      “Hillary Clinton is a proven leader who shares our values,” AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka said in a statement. “We will run a sophisticated, targeted ground campaign. And with the dire consequences Donald Trump poses for America’s working families, it has to be.”  While the federation generally does not endorse a Democratic candidate until there is an official nominee, Trumka has warned for months that he believes Republican presumptive nominee Donald Trump would be disastrous for working people if elected.  After the endorsement, Clinton pledged to spend more on public infrastructure and to fight to improve schools. She vowed to increase the federal minimum wage, offer paid family leave and ensure that women receive equal pay. “As president, I will stand proudly with the AFL-CIO and fight to protect the rights and values that helped build the mighty American middle class. Workers will always have a seat at the table and a champion in the White House,” Clinton said in a statement. The AFL-CIO has already run digital ads criticizing Trump’s candidacy and will now work to boost Clinton’s campaign on the ground. Working America, one AFL-CIO affiliate that deals with nonunion workers, already has teams in crucial so-called battleground states. In response to the federation’s endorsement of Clinton, Trump’s campaign said the AFL-CIO no longer represents the interests of American workers. “I will fight harder for American workers than anyone ever has,” Trump said in a statement. Trump attacked Clinton for supporting free trade agreements and said he would win a majority of votes from U.S. union families. ",1
9104,'Lone hacker' claims responsibility for cyber attack on Democrats,"(Reuters) - A “lone hacker” has taken responsibility for a cyber attack on the U.S. Democratic National Committee, which the DNC and a cyber-security firm have blamed on the Russian government. The DNC and cyber firm CrowdStrike disclosed the attack on Tuesday, saying that hackers working for Russia broke into the DNC’s computer network, spied on internal communications and stole research on presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. A Russian government spokesman responded by saying that Moscow had not been involved. On Wednesday, an individual using the moniker Guccifer 2.0 took responsibility for the attack in a post on the blogging site WordPress.com, saying the DNC was “hacked by a lone hacker.” The DNC did not respond to a request for comment late on Wednesday evening on Guccifer 2.0’s claim. CrowdStrike said it stands by findings that the Russian government was behind the attacks.  Guccifer 2.0’s blog includes images of documents it claims were stolen from DNC servers, including one titled “Donald Trump Report,” which was dated Dec. 19, and spreadsheets purportedly containing information about party donors.  Reuters was unable to verify the authenticity of the documents, which the blog said were among “thousands of files and mails” removed from DNC servers that would soon be published on WikiLeaks.  CrowdStrike issued a statement saying it “stands fully by its analysis” that two groups affiliated with Russian intelligence were discovered in the DNC’s network last month.  The company said it was reviewing the documents published by Guccifer 2.0 to determine whether they were authentic.  ",1
9105,"Illinois to sell bonds, but cannot tap all the proceeds","CHICAGO (Reuters) - Illinois will sell $550 million of bonds on Thursday but lacks authority from the state legislature to spend all of the proceeds due to an ongoing budget impasse. “The General Assembly needs to grant appropriation authority to fully expend the proceeds from the bond sale, although existing FY16 appropriations could be used to expend a portion of them,” Catherine Kelly, a spokeswoman for Governor Bruce Rauner, said on Wednesday. Her statement followed a news conference earlier on Wednesday with the Republican governor and his transportation department head, who warned of the imminent shutdown of hundreds of construction projects if the Democrat-controlled legislature does not approve Rauner’s temporary budget plan. All but $20 million of the state’s general obligation bond issue is earmarked for mass transit and road construction projects. The odd timing of the announcement on the eve of the state bond sale handed Rauner’s Democratic rivals in the state legislature fodder to question the first-term governor’s actions.  “We’re hoping none of his activities or staff work is going to drive up borrowing costs like it did for the Chicago Public Schools in February,” said Steve Brown, spokesman for Democratic House Speaker Michael Madigan. The school district delayed, then downsized its bond sale,  after Rauner threatened a state takeover of CPS and said the system was headed for bankruptcy, comments Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel called “shameful” because of their possible impact on the bond sale. Rauner on Wednesday pleaded with Democratic lawmakers to return to session to pass a spending plan that would keep the state operating until January and fully fund K-12 schools. “Allowing the crisis to continue is wrong,” Rauner said, referring to the ongoing impasse that has left Illinois as the only state without a fiscal 2016 budget. Illinois has been dependent on court orders and a muddle of ongoing and stopgap appropriations to continue operating and lawmakers have not reached any agreement on a budget for the fiscal year that begins July 1. The state’s GO bonds trade at wide spreads over Municipal Market Data’s benchmark triple-A yield scale. But Illinois’ upcoming debt issue will likely benefit from yields in the municipal market that are at or near record lows as cash-heavy investors chase scarce supply of bonds issued by states, cities, schools and other issuers. Illinois’ already low credit ratings were downgraded last week ahead of the sale.  ",1
9106,Factbox: Eyes on U.S. terrorism watchlists after Orlando shootings,"(Reuters) - As facts emerge about Omar Mateen, the gunman who killed 49 people at a gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida, on Sunday, questions have arisen about how well-known he was to U.S. intelligence agencies. Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey said on Monday that Mateen was on a watchlist between May 2013 and March 2014 while he was under investigation after claiming a connection to or support for multiple Islamist extremist groups, including al Qaeda, Hezbollah, al-Nusra and Islamic State. The FBI maintains three watchlists and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence runs one database. People are placed on a watchlist according to the threat level they are believed to pose. Comey did not specify which watchlist named Mateen.  Democratic presidential candidate Hilary Clinton has supported stricter gun laws and said on Monday she would push for laws that would prevent people on a no-fly list from buying guns. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, who has embraced gun rights, said he would meet with the leading U.S. gun rights group about preventing people on a government watchlist from buying guns. The U.S. government maintains the following databases: Terrorist Watchlist or Terrorist Screening Database (about 420,000 names): Established after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, the Terrorist Watchlist is intended “to positively identify known or suspected terrorists trying to obtain visas, enter the U.S, board aircraft, or engage in other activity.” Prior to 2001, intelligence agencies maintained dozens of individual lists. The Terrorist Watchlist is run by the FBI’s Terrorist Screening Center with the goal of consolidating the U.S. government’s watchlists into a single database.   No-Fly List (about 16,000 names): A subset of the Terrorist Screening Database, the No-Fly List prohibits people known or suspected of terrorism from boarding a plane that departs from or arrives in the United States.   Selectee List (about 16,000 names): A subset of the Terrorist Watchlist, the Selectee List includes individuals who are permitted to fly, but receive more intensive screening. In addition to the thousands of records updated daily from federal, state and local law enforcement, the Selectee List provides an additional level of screening for individuals thought to present a greater threat.  Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment, or TIDE, database (about 1.1 million names): Run by the National Counterterrorism Center, part of the Office of the National Director of Intelligence, the TIDE Database shares information with the FBI’s watchlists. As of December 2013, it contained about 1.1 million people, about 25,000 of them U.S. citizens. Unlike the FBI’s database, TIDE is viewable only by counterterrorism professionals in the U.S. intelligence community and is not shared with local law enforcement.  Federal agencies propose people for inclusion on the TIDE database based on an evaluation of the threat they pose. Reasons someone may be added to the TIDE database include committing terrorist activity, preparing or planning a terrorist activity or providing support, such as funds or housing, for a terrorist organization. ",1
9107,California legislature sends $122.5 billion budget to governor,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The California legislature agreed on Wednesday to a $122.5 billion spending plan for the fiscal year starting July 1 and sent it to Governor Jerry Brown, who is expected to sign it.  The budget directs $2 billion to the state’s rainy day fund, a priority for Brown, a Democrat and fiscal moderate who has warned that an economic downturn could lie ahead for the nation’s most populous state.  Lower-than-expected income tax revenues in April caught state officials by surprise, and Brown said the state could take in $1.9 billion less than anticipated in taxes over the coming fiscal year.  Democratic leaders in the state Senate praised the budget for making investments in the social safety net and early childhood education.  The budget included a repeal of the state’s maximum family grant rule, which prevents people on welfare from receiving additional public money if they have more children.  Without the rule, households would receive an additional $122 a month for a newborn child. The change is expected to cost the state about $220 million a year.  “Our expenditure plan funds anti-poverty programs, child care and education,” said Mark Leno, Democratic state senator and budget chair.  “It also includes resources to combat homelessness, support low-income working families and improve college readiness and enrollment,” he said. Republicans and some Democrats complained the spending increase of $6.9 billion from the prior fiscal year set California on a path of billion-dollar deficits down the road.  “Californians deserve a responsible and sustainable state spending plan,” said Senate Republican leader Jean Fuller.  “Unfortunately, this record spending budget paves the way for future deficits and increases fees that make living in California even more expensive,” she said.  Some of the spending increases were attributed to an increase in the minimum wage and increased benefits for the disabled.  In a tweet, Brown said: “Good work from the state legislature: we’re building reserves and investing in CA. Thanks.”  Brown has until the end of the month to sign the budget.  ",1
9108,"Senators, Trump open to ban on some gun sales after Orlando","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. senators signaled on Wednesday a new willingness to consider restrictions on the sale of guns after the Orlando nightclub massacre, with presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and others in his party ready to discuss limited gun control measures.  With Republicans and the National Rifle Association gun lobby under pressure to respond to the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history, Trump said he would meet with the NRA to discuss ways to block people on terrorism watch or no-fly lists from buying guns.  Emotions have run high in Congress since Sunday’s mass shooting with Democrats stalling Senate proceedings on Wednesday in a bid to push for tougher gun control legislation. Democratic senators planned to speak on the Senate floor well into Wednesday night.  The Senate began discussions on legislation to ban firearm sales to the hundreds of thousands of people on U.S. terrorism watch lists after a gunman who had been on such a list killed 49 people at a gay nightclub on Sunday. But following a full day of wrangling, Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid said that negotiations “were little more than a smokescreen by Republicans trying to give themselves political cover while they continue to march in lock-step with the NRA’s extreme positions.” Reid said there were no Republican proposals “that come close to attracting Democratic support.” Earlier on Wednesday, Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell urged senators to offer ideas on how to prevent another attack like the one in Orlando.  “I do not believe this was some random act of violence,” McConnell said. “It seems clear this was cold-blooded murder committed by a terrorist who picked his targets with deliberate malice.” On Tuesday, McConnell said that “nobody wants terrorists to have firearms.”  Earlier in the week, some Democrats in the House of Representatives interrupted a moment of silence for the victims, with shouts of “Where’s the bill?” to protest the Republican-led chamber’s refusal to consider tougher gun laws.   If Congress was to pass a gun control measure, it would mark the first time in more than 20 years that lawmakers agreed on how to address the hot-button issue. A ban on semi-automatic assault weapons, such as the one used in Orlando, had gone into effect in 1994 and expired 10 years later. Republicans over the years have blocked gun control measures saying they step on Americans’ right to bear arms as guaranteed under the U.S. Constitution.  Senator John Cornyn, the No. 2 Senate Republican, confirmed that he and Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein were holding private talks on a possible compromise bill stopping weapons sales to those on watch lists.      Another Republican, Senator Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania, also is working on a bill that would keep guns from people on watch lists, a gun control group said. Toomey, who is in a possibly difficult re-election bid this year, took to the Senate floor urging compromise. “So there’s an obvious opportunity here guys, to work together and find a solution,” he said, adding, “This is not rocket science to figure this out.” A spokeswoman for Toomey, E.R. Anderson, said the senator was seeking bipartisan support for an approach that he had tentatively agreed on with gun control group Everytown for Gun Safety, which is backed by ex-New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg. Everytown spokeswoman Erika Lamb said the group was encouraged by the discussions but added, “We are not there yet and our support for any compromise legislation is contingent on support from both Republicans and Democrats.” Toomey’s bill would allow the U.S. attorney general to create a new list of “likely terrorists” and block any person on the list from buying or selling a gun. If someone was denied a gun, he or she would be entitled to a swift court hearing where the attorney general would have to turn over the evidence against the person. Democrats were dubious. One problem, a Democratic aide said, was that under the proposal officials would just have three days to try to block sales to anyone not already on the new list. Congressional Republicans and the NRA have thwarted previous gun control measures backed by President Barack Obama and other Democrats after other mass shootings, and supporters of new restrictions remained cautious about the moves. “The Cornyn bill is outlandish and is worse than nothing. From what I’m told all of the compromises proposed by Cornyn and Toomey are not at all acceptable,” said Senator Chuck Schumer, a Democrat of New York.     Feinstein, speaking to reporters following a closed briefing from the Obama administration on the Orlando massacre, held out little hope her talks with Cornyn would bear fruit. “I don’t think it’s going to work out,” she said, but added she was still engaged in talks. Trump said on Twitter he would meet with the NRA “about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no-fly list, to buy guns.” His campaign did not specify what he might support legislatively, and a spokeswoman declined to give details about the timing or nature of the meeting. The NRA, a politically influential lobbying group that claims more than 4 million members, said in a statement it was “happy to meet” with Trump, whom it endorsed for president on May 20. The group said in a statement that anyone on a terrorism watch list who tries to buy a gun “should be thoroughly investigated” by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and any sale to that person delayed, a position the lobby group has long held. Presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, who has supported gun control efforts, on Monday said she was “bewildered” that Republicans in Congress in December had blocked a Democratic effort to restrict gun sales to people on the watch lists. The U.S. government maintains two terrorism watch lists: a no-fly list barring people from flying to and from the United States and a larger one that subjects travelers to greater scrutiny at airports and border crossings. An FBI official said in 2014 there were 64,000 people on the no-fly list and 800,000 on the broader list. The Orlando gunman, Omar Mateen, the U.S.-born son of Afghan immigrants, was on the broader list at one time. NRA Executive Director Chris Cox also voiced backing for legislation offered in December by Cornyn, who proposed to put gun sales on hold for 72 hours for people on watch lists. Critics have said such background checks could take longer to complete. White House spokesman Josh Earnest said it was too soon to tell if Republicans would support “common sense” steps like blocking firearm sales to people on the no-fly lists.    ",1
9109,New York State Senate confirms Vullo as top financial regulator,"(Reuters) - The New York State on Wednesday confirmed Governor Andrew Cuomo’s pick to become the state’s top financial regulator. The confirmation vote for Maria Vullo, Cuomo’s nominee for superintendent of the New York State Department of Financial Services (NYDFS), was unanimous. Cuomo, a Democrat, nominated Vullo in January. Her appointment is effective immediately.  Earlier on Wednesday, the New York Senate Finance Committee held a hearing on Vullo’s nomination and recommended that she be confirmed. Last week, the New York Senate’s banking and insurance committees also held separate hearings about Vullo.  Vullo, a lawyer who represented banks, described herself during recent state legislative committee meetings as “pro-business and pro-consumer.”  She has been running the NYDFS as its acting superintendent since February. Vullo will succeed former NYDFS Superintendent Benjamin Lawsky, who left the agency last year. Under Lawsky, NYDFS earned a reputation as an aggressive regulatory body that extracted hefty fines from global banks and other financial institutions. The regulator, created in 2011 by consolidating the state’s banking and insurance agencies, had been in flux since before Vullo’s arrival in March. ",1
9110,Senator Feinstein doubts talks with Senator Cornyn to produce gun deal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic U.S. Senator Dianne Feinstein said on Wednesday that she doubted talks with the Senate’s No. 2 Republican, John Cornyn, would succeed in a deal on legislation to ban gun sales to people on terror watchlists. “I don’t think that going to work out,” Feinstein told reporters, but added that she was still talking to other lawmakers in an effort to find agreement. She also said she understood that Cornyn had shared her draft legislation with the National Rifle Association.  “Now, that would do it,” she said, suggesting the gun lobby would reject her proposal. ",1
9111,Trump backs surveillance of mosques despite criticism of rhetoric,"(Reuters) - Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump on Wednesday called for surveillance of mosques as part of U.S. law enforcement efforts to prevent terrorism, and stood by his remarks on banning Muslim immigrants, which others in his party have criticized. Trump repeated his call for a temporary ban on the entry of Muslims into the United States after a U.S.-born Muslim, the son of Afghan immigrants, fatally shot 49 people at a gay nightclub in Orlando early on Sunday. The New York real estate developer said that while the Florida gunman was born in the United States, “his parents weren’t and his ideas weren’t born here.”  “We have to maybe check, respectfully, the mosques and we have to check other places because this is a problem that, if we don’t solve it, it’s going to eat our country alive,” Trump said at a rally in Atlanta. Trump had called for surveillance of mosques in November, as well as a database of Syrian refugees entering the United States. The Orlando gunman, Omar Mateen, is believed by authorities to have acted alone, inspired by radical ideology he was exposed to over the internet. “Any kind of extremism and violence is not preached in American mosques,” said Ibrahim Hooper, communications director for the Council on American-Islamic Relations. “In fact, research has shown that mosques are a moderating influence on individuals who attend.” Prominent Republicans this week distanced themselves from Trump’s comments about Muslims.  House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Tuesday he did not think a ban on the entry of Muslims was in U.S. interests. Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, who ran against Trump for the Republican nomination and has been a fierce critic since, said that he was “unnerved” by Trump’s response. Hillary Clinton, the presumptive Democratic nominee, said on Wednesday that Trump’s rhetoric had grown “even more inflammatory” in recent days. She said the United States counts on Muslim communities in the U.S. and partners in majority-Muslim countries to help fight terrorism. “Not one of Donald Trump’s reckless ideas would have saved a single life in Orlando,” Clinton said at an event for U.S. military families in Virginia. Trump on Monday proposed that the United States suspend immigration from areas of the world where there is “a proven history of terrorism against the United States, Europe or our allies until we fully understand how to end these threats.” He also said radical Muslims were entering the country amid a flood of refugees and “trying to take over our children.” Trump’s hard-line proposals on immigration have contributed to his popularity among some conservative voters. But they have also triggered condemnation from minority and human rights activists and his political opponents, many of whom have called his rhetoric racist. The New York businessman also said in Atlanta he would meet North Korean leader Kim Jong Un if he came to the United States, and he dismissed the controversy he caused in May when he said in a Reuters interview he would be willing to speak to Kim. “If he came here, I’d accept him. But I wouldn’t give a state dinner like we do for China and all these other people  that rip us off,” Trump said. ",1
9112,Clinton would use executive action to end tax loophole: USA Today,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said, if elected, she would use executive action to end a tax loophole for wealthy Americans, according to an interview with USA Today on Wednesday. Clinton said that if Congress did not act, she would ask the Treasury Department to use its authority to end the tax advantage, known as the carried interest loophole, which allows hedge-fund managers to pay a lower rate than other taxpayers by counting their income as investment income. ",1
9113,"Michelle Obama, daughters to visit Liberia, Morocco, Spain: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Michelle Obama will travel to Liberia, Morocco and Spain with her teen daughters Malia and Sasha at the end of June to promote education for girls, one of her signature issues as the first lady of the United States, the White House said on Wednesday. In Liberia, Obama will visit a Peace Corps training center in Kakata and a school in Unification Town to talk to young women about barriers they face to staying in school. She will be joined by Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, the White House said. Obama will be joined by actor Meryl Streep in Morocco on June 28 and 29 to talk about commitments made by the U.S. government and the Kingdom of Morocco to help girls go to school. On June 30, Obama will wrap up the trip by giving a speech in Madrid about her “Let Girls Learn” global initiative, a push to harness government and private sector resources to promote education for girls, the White House said. ",1
9114,U.S. signals accommodation of Israeli terms on defense aid,"WASHINGTON/HERZLIYA, Israel (Reuters) - The Obama administration is prepared to incorporate missile defense funds in a new long-term agreement on military aid for Israel, a U.S. official said on Wednesday, accommodating in principle a key request by its ally in the yet-unresolved talks. Disputes over the scope and fine print of the memorandum of understanding (MOU) have clouded already difficult ties between Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and U.S. President Barack Obama during the latter’s final months in office. The current MOU, signed in 2007 and due to expire in 2018, gave Israel around $30 billion in so-called foreign military financing. Israel has been seeking around $10 billion more for the next decade and that money be earmarked for missile defense projects that were hitherto funded ad hoc by the U.S. Congress. U.S. negotiators previously proposed a total of $3.5 billion to $3.7 billion annually for Israel under the new MOU, but did not say whether this might include missile defense funds. A senior U.S. official was more forthcoming on Wednesday. “We are prepared to make an unprecedented multi-year missile defense commitment as part of a new memorandum of understanding with Israel on military assistance,” the official, who requested anonymity, told Reuters. “This commitment, which would amount to billions of dollars over 10 years, would be the first long-term pledge on missile defense support to Israel, affording Israel robust support for its missile defense, as well as predictability and facilitating long-term planning.” U.S. lawmakers have in recent years given Israel up to $600 million in annual discretionary funds for missile defense, well beyond the $150 million requested by the Obama administration. On Tuesday, the White House opposed a proposal to include $600 million for Israeli missile defense to an appropriations bill for the fiscal year starting on Oct. 1. Netanyahu came out with a rare statement on the MOU talks, in the face of Israeli opposition accusations that he is endangering American largesse by feuding with Obama over Iran’s nuclear program and Palestinian peace talks. Netanyahu’s office said on Twitter that the White House’s move on Tuesday was part of an “internal debate” with Congress about supplementary missile defense funding for Israel. “There has been no cut in American assistance,” it tweeted. “Prime Minister Netanyahu is working to anchor this supplement as part of the discussions on the assistance agreement for the next ten years. Not only will security assistance for missile defense not be cut, it will be increased.” However, Netanyahu’s acting national security adviser, Jacob Nagel, made clear agreement was not a given. Israeli officials have hinted that, if the disputes persist, they might await the next U.S. president in hope of getting a better MOU.  Netanyahu’s government was working to wrap up the talks with the Obama administration, Nagel told reporters. But he added: “When we conclude that we have arrived at the final (U.S.) offer, we will decide if we want it or not.”  Another sticking point has been a U.S. demand to reduce the amount of aid money - now 26.3 percent - that Israel can spend on its own military industries rather than on American products.  Visiting Israel for strategic talks, U.S. Deputy Secretary of State Antony Blinken on Wednesday said it had received $8.5 million a day from the Obama administration in defense aid. In a speech to the annual Herzliya Conference, Blinken did not give details on the MOU talks, but he said Washington was ready to give Israel “the largest single pledge of military assistance from the United States to any country in our history, cementing an unparalleled security relationship all the way to 2029”.  ",1
9115,Sales to people on terrorism watch lists should be delayed: NRA,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The National Rifle Association said on Wednesday it stood by its position on terrorism watch lists and access to firearms, saying sales to potential buyers who are on the lists should be delayed while they are investigated by the FBI. In a statement, the gun lobbying group said it welcomed a meeting with Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. It also said protections needed to be put in place to allow people wrongfully put on a terrorism watch list to be removed.  ",1
9116,Sanders not ending campaign in Thursday's video speech: spokesman,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Bernie Sanders does not plan to suspend his campaign and endorse presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton in a video speech to supporters on Thursday, focusing instead on ways to pursue his policy agenda and reform goals, a spokesman said. Sanders, who has resisted pressure to exit the race and back Clinton in a show of party unity since she clinched the Democratic nomination last week, will address supporters nationwide on a video live stream on Thursday night. That raised expectations Sanders might formally pull the plug on his campaign. But spokesman Michael Briggs said on Wednesday the speech will focus on how Sanders’ supporters can keep the fight alive on priorities such as raising the minimum wage and reducing the influence of big money in politics. “Tomorrow night, no, he’s not ending it,” Briggs said of the campaign. “We’re working our way through that, how to go forward on that front. This message to supporters is going to be a lot broader than that.” Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, has promised to continue his campaign to next month’s Democratic nominating convention in Philadelphia as leverage to force concessions from Clinton on his policy goals and on reforms he seeks in the Democratic Party’s nominating process. Since Clinton secured enough delegates for the nomination last week, however, Sanders has laid off some campaign staff, stopped holding rallies and dropped plans to court unbound delegates in an unspoken acknowledgment that the former secretary of state will be the nominee. “He knows how to count,” Briggs said. Sanders and Clinton met in a downtown Washington hotel for more than 90 minutes on Tuesday night to search for common ground after she won the final nominating contest in their sometimes bitter primary campaign. In similarly worded statements, both camps described the meeting as “positive” and said the two discussed their shared goal of defeating presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump in the Nov. 8 election. Sanders was back home in Burlington, Vermont, on Wednesday to prepare his speech and consider how to keep pressuring Clinton to back issues like raising the minimum wage and fighting climate change. He also has demanded changes to the party nominating process, including replacing the Democratic National Committee leadership and eliminating superdelegates, who are unelected and are free to support any candidate. The Sanders camp has pushed for a commitment to hold votes at the convention on some of those platform issues and on changing party nominating rules. “We see the convention as a serious opportunity for a serious discussion about a lot of these issues. We hope the Democratic Party establishment can figure out a way to open its arms and welcome into the party fold the people who have been excited by Bernie’s campaign,” Briggs said. ",1
9117,"Clinton wins D.C. primary, has 'positive' meeting with Sanders","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Hillary Clinton formally concluded the U.S. Democratic presidential race on Tuesday with a win in the District of Columbia primary, then turned her focus to uniting the party during a 90-minute private meeting with defeated rival Bernie Sanders. Clinton, who secured enough delegates to clinch the nomination last week, met with Sanders in a downtown Washington hotel as the sometimes bitter primary combatants searched for common ground ahead of the Nov. 8 election against presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump. Sanders has resisted pressure to bow out and endorse Clinton in a show of party unity, choosing to continue his campaign as leverage to win concessions from Clinton on his policy agenda and reforms to the Democratic Party nominating process. Both camps described the meeting as “positive” and said the two noted their shared commitment to stopping Trump and pursuing issues such as raising the minimum wage, eliminating undisclosed money in politics, making college affordable and making healthcare coverage more accessible. Sanders spokesman Michael Briggs said the meeting was “a positive discussion about how best to bring more people into the political process and about the dangerous threat that Donald Trump poses to our nation.” Also attending were Sanders’ wife Jane, Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta and the two campaign managers, Jeff Weaver for Sanders and Robby Mook for Clinton. Sanders had promised to stay in the Democratic race until the final vote was cast in the Washington, D.C., primary, although in the past week he has stopped talking about capturing the party’s nomination and instead focused on ways to advance his policy goals. He scheduled a national video address to supporters on Thursday night, telling them in an email message that “the political revolution continues.” At a news conference before the Washington meeting, Sanders said he would also demand changes to make the Democratic nominating process more equitable, including replacing the Democratic National Committee leadership, letting independents take part in the voting and eliminating superdelegates, who are unelected and are free to support any candidate. “The time is long overdue for a fundamental transformation of the Democratic Party,” Sanders said. Clinton easily beat Sanders in the District of Columbia, winning 79 percent to his 21 percent in a primary that closed the more than four-month, state-by-state battle for the Democratic nomination that began on Feb. 1 in Iowa. During a visit to Capitol Hill earlier on Tuesday, Sanders told Democratic senators he would take his message of progressive values and party reform to the convention. “I’m open to that, I think we should all be open to that,” Senator Dick Durbin of Illinois told reporters afterward. “It’s not a surprise that the American people are skeptical of all of us in political life. And we ought to step back and reassess why, and what we can do about it.” Top Democrats have taken steps in the last week to begin rallying behind Clinton and ease Sanders out of the race without alienating his supporters.  President Barack Obama endorsed Clinton on Thursday, hours after meeting with Sanders at the White House. Clinton also secured the endorsement of Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, a leader of the party’s progressive wing. Clinton already has turned her attention on the campaign trail to the race with Trump, rejecting the New York businessman’s renewed calls for a ban of the entry of foreign-born Muslims into the United States after the mass shooting at a gay club in Orlando, Florida, by an American man who claimed allegiance with Islamic State militants. “I have clearly said that we faced terrorist enemies who use a perverted version of Islam to justify slaughtering innocent people. We have to stop them, and we will,” Clinton said in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, on Tuesday. “But I will not demonize and declare war on an entire religion.” ",1
9118,Senate leader McConnell says 'nobody wants terrorists to have firearms',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said on Tuesday that “nobody wants terrorists to have firearms” and that he was open to suggestions from experts on legislation that could address the problem, following the worst mass shooting in U.S. history. McConnell, a Republican, made his remarks amid blistering attacks by Democrats on the lack of action in Congress on legislation to prevent suspects on “watch lists” from purchasing guns or explosives. While there was no firm evidence of Republicans and Democrats in either the Senate or House of Representatives moving toward a compromise, there were hints they at least might be willing to talk. “Maybe we can find some middle ground. I hope so,” said Dick Durbin, the No. 2 Senate Democrat. The debate in Congress over firearms was reignited on Sunday after a gunman in Orlando, Florida, armed with an assault rifle killed 49 people at a gay nightclub and injured 53 others before he was shot to death by law enforcement officers. The assailant, New York-born Omar Mateen, had been investigated by the FBI for 10 months in 2013 and 2014 over possible connections he had to foreign militant groups. Democrats are pressuring Republicans in the Senate and House to quickly bring up legislation closing a loophole that allows those on “no fly” watch lists to purchase weapons in the United States. The Democrats are targeting a Justice Department appropriations bill this week, hoping to add an amendment prohibiting such gun sales. A similar effort last December failed. “There’s no excuse for allowing suspected terrorists to buy guns,” said Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid. McConnell took a swipe at the Democrats, saying: “Our suspicion is this is basically a politically motivated effort that we’re likely to see” on the Justice Department spending bill. The Republican leader added, however: “We’re open - nobody wants terrorists to have firearms - we’re open to serious suggestions from the experts as to what we might be able to do to be helpful.” On Wednesday, senators from both parties will have an opportunity to speak directly to some experts when Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey and Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson are scheduled to brief them on the Orlando attack. The officials briefed House members on Tuesday and several House Democrats brought up the watch list issue. “There was some question about procedures going forward,” said Representative Jan Schakowsky, a Democratic member of the House Intelligence Committee. But House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, the No. 2 Republican in that chamber, told reporters that law enforcement was already being notified if people being investigated for terrorism try to buy firearms. “If you listen, they are being notified.” Durbin said he and his colleagues might pursue other gun-related amendments as well, including tougher background checks on gun buyers, closing some gun show loopholes and possibly new limits on assault rifles like the one used in Orlando. ",1
9119,"Obama, Clinton scold Trump over proposed Muslim ban","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic President Barack Obama denounced Donald Trump for his proposed U.S. ban on Muslim immigrants on Tuesday, joining Hillary Clinton in portraying the Republican presidential candidate as unfit for the White House. Clearly annoyed, Obama responded to Trump’s proposed suspension of immigration from countries with a “history of terrorism” after Sunday’s killing of 49 people in an Orlando, Florida, nightclub.  Obama and Clinton, the Democrat he has endorsed to succeed him in a Nov. 8 election, made nearly simultaneous speeches. The gunman was U.S.-born Omar Mateen, 29, whose parents immigrated from Afghanistan. Trump had criticized Obama for not using the term “radical Islamic terrorism” to describe Islamic State militants. “What exactly would using this label accomplish, what exactly would it change?” Obama replied. “Someone seriously thinks we don’t know who we’re fighting? ... There’s no magic to the phrase ‘radical Islam.’ It’s a political talking point. It is not a strategy.” “Calling a threat by a different name does not make it go away. This is a political distraction,” said Obama, criticizing the “yapping” and “loose talk” he said he hears from Republicans. Obama, who canceled a joint campaign appearance with Clinton planned on Wednesday in Wisconsin due to the events in Orlando, appeared to be enjoying his role in the campaign to select his successor. He tangled with Trump in 2011, producing his birth certificate to refute Trump’s claim that the president was not born in the United States. “We now have proposals from the presumptive Republican nominee for president of the United States to bar all Muslims from immigrating to America. We hear language that singles out immigrants and suggests entire religious communities are complicit in violence,” Obama said. “Where does this stop?”  On Tuesday, Trump was unrelenting in his criticism of Obama, saying in a statement that Obama “claims to know our enemy, and yet he continues to prioritize our enemy over our allies, and for that matter, the American people.” “When I am president, it will always be America first,” said Trump. Aides said Trump, who on Monday said Obama should resign for failing to handle the threat properly, would have more to say at a rally later in Greensboro, North Carolina. The crossfire overshadowed the last Democratic presidential primary on Tuesday in Washington, D.C. Clinton was to meet rival Bernie Sanders late in the day with Sanders apparently inching toward ending his candidacy. Clinton, Obama’s former secretary of state, addressed supporters in Pittsburgh. The candidate said Trump’s proposal bolstered her case that he was temperamentally unfit to serve as president, saying the commander in chief “is a job that demands a calm, collected and dignified response” to events like the Orlando massacre. Clinton said Trump seemed to suggest on Monday in a television interview that Obama might have somehow been responsible for the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history, a point that Trump said he did not make. “I have to ask: Will responsible Republican leaders stand up to their presumptive nominee or will they stand by his accusation about our president?” she said. The biting criticism was likely to increase the discomfort among many establishment Republican leaders about Trump with little more than a month until party figures gather in Cleveland July 18-21 to formally nominate him. House Speaker Paul Ryan, the top U.S. elected Republican who was his party’s 2012 vice presidential nominee, on Tuesday distanced himself from the proposed Muslim ban in a further sign of establishment unease with Trump’s agenda. “I do not think a Muslim ban is in our country’s interests,” said Ryan, who last year criticized Trump’s original proposal for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States. Ryan and like-minded leading Republicans have struggled to reconcile their desire to unify the party before a tough fight against Clinton while at the same time separating themselves from some of the positions and rhetoric of Trump, who defeated 16 rivals to win the presidential nomination battle. U.S. Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee, who sources say is among the Republicans that Trump is considering for his vice presidential nominee, said he was “discouraged” by the way the Trump campaign was going. “It wasn’t the type of speech one would expect,” Corker said of Trump’s Monday speech in New Hampshire. Trump has been resolute in demanding tighter immigration policies, and the Orlando attack has prompted him to intensify his rhetoric as he tries to win more support from Americans with deep security fears. Trump noted that Mateen’s parents were born in Afghanistan. Pointing to specific incidents such as the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, he said threats were posed by people with roots in Pakistan, Saudi Arabia and Somalia. Trump on Tuesday met at Trump Tower in New York with a host of Republican governors, including Oklahoma’s Mary Fallin, who a source close to the campaign said was also on Trump’s short list to be his vice presidential running mate. A Republican official said others in the meeting included the governors of Mississippi, Arizona, Arkansas, Nebraska and Tennessee, as well as New Jersey’s Chris Christie, a close Trump adviser and former presidential rival. Trump was celebrating his 70th birthday on Tuesday. Clinton is 68. ",1
9120,"After Florida shooting, Trump hardens stance on Muslims","MANCHESTER, N.H./WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Donald Trump on Monday placed responsibility for a mass shooting in Florida squarely at the feet of radical Muslims, who he said were entering the country amidst a flood of refugees and “trying to take over our children.” The presumptive Republican presidential nominee drew on the country’s deadliest mass shooting to sharpen his vow to ban Muslim immigrants, proposing that the United States suspend immigration from areas of the world where there is “a proven history of terrorism.” In his national security speech, Trump said it was time to “tell the truth about radical Islam,” the day after 49 people were killed at a gay nightclub in Orlando by a gunman, likely self-radicalized, who had sworn allegiance to the rebel group Islamic State. His comments contrasted sharply to those of Hillary Clinton, the wealthy businessman’s likely Democratic rival in the Nov. 8 election, who urged increased intelligence gathering and more airstrikes on Islamic State territory, and cautioned against “demonizing” American Muslims. “If we want to protect the quality of life for all Americans - women and children, gay and straight, Jews and Christians and all people - then we need to tell the truth about radical Islam and we need to do it now,” Trump told the crowd in New Hampshire. He went on to lambaste Clinton’s policies, saying they would allow “hundreds of thousands of refugees from the Middle East” to enter the United States without adequate security measures. There would be “no system to vet them, or to prevent the radicalization of... their children,” he said. “Not only their children, by the way. They’re trying to take over our children and convince them how wonderful ISIS is and how wonderful Islam is, and we don’t know what’s happening.” Trump said that, if elected, he would use the executive authority of the presidency to impose stronger controls on immigration to protect Americans from attacks, fine-tuning his earlier campaign promise to temporarily ban the entry of foreign Muslims to shore up national security. “When I’m elected, I will suspend immigration from areas of the world where there is a proven history of terrorism against the United States, Europe or our allies until we fully understand how to end these threats,” he said. He noted that the parents of the Florida gunman, Omar Mateen, 29, were born in Afghanistan. Pointing to specific incidents such as the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, Trump said threats were posed by people with roots in Pakistan, Saudi Arabia and Somalia. The immigration ban, he said would last until “we are in a position to properly screen these people coming into our country. They’re pouring in, and we don’t know what we’re doing.” Trump’s hard-line proposals on immigration have helped fuel his surge in popularity among some conservative voters. But they have also triggered heavy condemnation from minority and human rights activists, and his political opponents - many of whom have called his rhetoric racist. Trump has rejected the criticism, and has said he is often misunderstood by the media and his opponents. ‘ANTI-WOMAN, ANTI-GAY’ In her response to the Florida massacre, Clinton, warned against demonizing Muslim Americans and called for increased efforts to remove Islamic State propaganda from the internet, more air strikes in areas held by the group and better coordination with allies in the region.  “The Orlando terrorist may be dead, but the virus that poisoned his mind remains very strong, and we must attack it,” she said in a speech in Cleveland. She specifically criticized three U.S. allies - Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Kuwait - for allowing its citizens to fund mosques and schools that train jihadists.  She also proposed stricter gun control laws, reiterating previous calls to prohibit people on terrorism watch lists from buying firearms. She pointed out that while the Federal Bureau of Investigation was aware of Mateen as a possible threat, he was still able to purchase a gun legally.  “It’s important that we stop the terrorists from getting the tools they need to carry out the attacks, and that is especially true when it comes to assault weapons like those used in Orlando and San Bernardino,” California, Clinton said, drawing a standing ovation from the crowd. Trump challenged Clinton to explain why she favored letting Syrian civil war refugees into the United States. He said his policies would better protect American women, gays and lesbians, Jews and Christians. Trump’s support among women and gay voters lags far behind that of Clinton. “Radical Islam is anti-woman, anti-gay and anti-American,” said Trump.  He accused her of having ties to Saudi Arabia. “Saudi Arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the Clinton Foundation want women as slaves and to kill gays,” he said in a Facebook post. “Hillary must return all money from such countries!” ",1
9121,Trump revokes Washington Post's campaign press credentials,"WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Republican Donald Trump said on Monday he will no longer issue press credentials to the Washington Post, stopping the publication from gaining access to press areas at his presidential campaign events. The Washington Post, based in the U.S. capital, is one the country’s the most influential newspapers and has one of the largest circulations.  “They have no journalistic integrity and write falsely about Mr. Trump,” his campaign said in a statement explaining the decision. “Mr. Trump does not mind a bad story, but it has to be honest.” Trump’s campaign repeated criticism the candidate has made of Post owner Jeff Bezos, who also owns online retailer Amazon.com. It is unusual for a presidential campaign to refuse to issue credentials to news organizations. Credentials are needed for reporters, photographers and other staff to gain access to press seating, travel with the campaign and attend media-only events, like press conferences. “Donald Trump’s decision to revoke The Washington Post’s press credentials is nothing less than a repudiation of the role of a free and independent press,” the newspaper’s editor, Marty Baron, said in a statement. “When coverage doesn’t correspond to what the candidate wants it to be, then a news organization is banished. The Post will continue to cover Donald Trump as it has all along — honorably, honestly, accurately, energetically, and unflinchingly. We’re proud of our coverage, and we’re going to keep at it.” A source close to the campaign said the ban could be temporary and pointed out that Trump has already barred other new organizations, including Politico, from obtaining press credentials and then reversed course. Ben Smith, executive editor of Buzzfeed, responded that his news organization, which targets millennials, is also banned from covering official Trump events. The Huffington Post posted on Twitter that its reporters are also barred. “A candidate for the highest elected office in the land doesn’t get to choose what goes in a newspaper,” said Committee to Protect Journalist Deputy Executive Director Robert Mahoney. “It provides a ready-made excuse for authoritarian leaders to crackdown further on independent journalists. We urge Donald Trump to reconsider and let the Washington Post do its job.” Trump’s campaign took issue with an article that appeared on The Washington Post’s website earlier on Monday with the headline, “Donald Trump suggests President Obama was involved with Orlando shooting’ as their headline.” The headline was changed to “Donald Trump seems to connect President Obama to Orlando shooting” within an hour after it was published. The Washington Post has assigned a team of reporters to produce a book about Trump that is scheduled to be released later this year. ",1
9122,Clinton calls for U.S. ‘intelligence surge’ in wake of Orlando attack,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said on Monday that if elected, she would pressure U.S. technology companies to help intelligence agencies disrupt violent plots after a gunman inspired by radical Islamist groups killed 49 people in an Orlando nightclub. In a speech in Cleveland, she articulated plans for expanded online surveillance of potential extremist attackers. She is campaigning against presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump ahead of the November presidential election.  “We already know we need more resources for this fight. The professionals who keep us safe would be the first to say we need better intelligence to discover and disrupt terrorist plots before they can be carried out,” Clinton said. “That’s why I’ve proposed an ‘intelligence surge’ to bolster our capabilities across the board, with appropriate safeguards here at home.” While Clinton did not detail what her effort would entail, she said she wants technology companies to be more cooperative to government requests for help in countering online propaganda, tracking patterns in social media and intercepting communications. Clinton’s comments will likely further stoke an international debate over digital privacy, which has flared  after attacks in Paris, Brussels and San Bernardino, California. Omar Mateen, the 29-year-old Orlando shooter and a U.S. citizen, was likely inspired by jihadist content online, but there is not yet evidence that he was part of any plot directed by others outside the United States, FBI Director James Comey said Monday. Facebook (FB.O), Alphabet’s Google (GOOGL.O) and Twitter (TWTR.N) have all dedicated more resources to combating online propaganda and recruiting by Islamic militants within the past year. But they do so quietly to avoid the perception that they are overly cozy with authorities. The companies rely heavily on users to flag problematic content, which is impossible to eliminate completely without creating a highly censored Internet, according to technologists.  Counterterrorism experts have also long said so-called lone wolf attackers are difficult to track and stop because they often do not communicate their plans to others. Twitter and Facebook had no immediate response to questions about Clinton’s comments. Google declined comment. The Center for Democracy and Technology and Electronic Frontier Foundation, both digital advocacy groups, said they were waiting for more specifics from Clinton before commenting. Unlike Trump, Clinton did not call for blocking online content. She did not reiterate her previous push for a massive effort to break encryption, and she ruled out targeted surveillance of Muslim Americans as “dangerous.” ",1
9123,Trump's post-Orlando message falls flat with Republican establishment,"WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - The mass shooting in Orlando, Florida has allowed Donald Trump to seize upon a familiar issue he has used to great advantage -the threat of Islamist militants and his plan to limit Muslim immigration to the United States, offering him what could be a crucial moment to re-boot his sputtering presidential campaign.  But while rank-and-file voters might respond positively to Trump’s renewed call for a ban on some Muslims entering the country, his reaction to the massacre showed few initial signs of winning over Republican foreign-policy figures who have spurned the New York mogul. “It’s a missed opportunity to present a different image,” said Peter Feaver, a top National Security Council aide in the George W. Bush White House. “He has doubled down on policies I oppose and that aren’t going to solve the problem.” Trump said in a speech Monday in New Hampshire he would suspend immigration from countries “where there is a proven history of terrorism” against the United States. He said radical Muslim immigrants were “trying to take over our children and convince them how wonderful ISIS (Islamic State) is.” After the worst mass murder in modern U.S. history on Sunday left 50 dead, Trump’s speech was hastily refashioned from a broad critique of Democratic rival Hillary Clinton to a dire warning of the threat from Islamist militants. Although Islamic State has claimed responsibility for the attack, U.S. officials have maintained that Omar Mateen’s motives were unclear and that he had no known direct links with the Syria-based group. Mateen, they said, was likely radicalized over the Internet. A week ago, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee’s bid was taking on water. He was being battered by fellow Republicans for his comments about the Hispanic heritage of a federal judge, and Clinton was pulling away in the polls. A renewed focus on national security could provide Trump with the chance to expand his appeal both to undecided voters and to the Republican foreign-policy establishment. While Trump at times seems to relish being at odds with the establishment, the unhappiness among the party’s hawks isn’t just a matter of hand-wringing. It means if Trump does reach the White House, he could have a difficult time recruiting talented, experienced advisers.  Max Boot, an influential conservative at the Council on Foreign Relations, said the Orlando tragedy “could have provided an opening for Trump to rally Republicans against terrorism.” But instead, Boot said, Trump has been “partisan and petty.” Boot criticized Trump for suggesting on Monday that President Barack Obama may sympathize with radicalized Muslims and for reviving the proposed Muslim ban. “His performance has been in character,” Boot said, “which is to say appalling.” Trump has alarmed some mainstream Republicans with vows to shred international trade deals, his demands that Mexico pay for a border wall and his questioning of U.S. foreign policy pillars such as its security commitments to NATO and Asian allies.  Clinton struck a very different tone in a speech on Monday, urging “statesmanship, not partisanship” and “clear, rational discussion” on how to protect the United States from terrorist threats. Eliot Cohen, a top-ranking State Department official during the Bush administration, called Trump’s reaction to the shootings “opportunistic and shallow” and “not what Americans expect from a president.”   Lanhee Chen, a top aide to Mitt Romney during his 2012 presidential campaign, suggested Trump will not be able to refine his image. “While it would be true in most cases a big speech like this could reset the decks, I think the challenge with Donald Trump is always who he is at his core,” Chen said. But voters are another matter. Trump’s swift rise within the Republican Party was at least partly due to the strident tone he has taken toward immigrants and refugees. When Trump responded to last year’s terror attacks in Paris and California with a call for banning Muslims from entering the country, he surged in the Reuters/Ipsos poll in the weeks that followed, opening up a 30-point lead over his Republican primary rivals.  Republicans continue to be strongly supportive of Trump’s approach to handling terrorism. This month, two-thirds of Republicans said they agreed with Trump’s proposal to temporarily ban Muslims from entering the country.  Overall, 42 percent of Americans said they agreed with a Muslim ban while 50 percent said they disagreed, with another 8 percent not sure, according to another Reuters/Ipsos poll from May 17 to June 6. The poll of more than 6,000 people has a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of about 1.5 percentage points. Combating Islamist extremism was on the mind of Texas billionaire Doug Deason, a major Republican donor who told Reuters he will meet with Trump later in the week to discuss his support.  Nothing Trump has said since the Orlando shooting has caused him to re-think backing him, Deason said.  Peter King, a U.S. congressman from New York, said his party’s foreign-policy establishment will eventually have to get on board with Trump. “As one of the two major candidates for president, he will have to get advice or consultation with top national-security people,” King said. ",1
9124,"Trump adds new twist to immigration proposals, but legal doubts persist","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s proposal for suspending immigration from parts of the world with a history of terrorism could have a legal basis, but his assertion that it be part of a broader ban on Muslim immigrants makes it constitutionally untenable, legal scholars say. The new twist in Trump’s anti-Muslim rhetoric came in the aftermath of a weekend shooting massacre at a Florida nightclub by the American-born son of Afghan immigrants. In a fiery speech on Monday, he expanded on his proposed temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States, vowing if elected to halt immigration from any area of the world where there is a “proven history of terrorism” against America or its allies. He also accused the Muslim-American community of broad complicity in attacks such as the Orlando shooting, which was carried out by a gunman pledging allegiance to Islamic State, and threatened “big consequences” for those who fail to inform on their neighbors. Many legal experts said Trump’s proposal for a religion-based ban would be unlikely to pass the test of U.S. constitutional guarantees of religious freedom, due process and equal protection and would likely be struck down by the courts if he tried to implement them by presidential decree. However, a ban on immigrants from certain countries has some precedent and might pass muster.  Some see that new proposal as reminiscent of the congressional Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882, which was used for years to halt the influx of Chinese laborers and has been widely considered a black mark on America’s immigration record. But Trump’s overall immigration plan would go beyond that, targeting not just a country or a region of the world but also a religion, something that no modern U.S. president has done.  “This is an absurd proposal to build a Fortress America and pull up the drawbridges,” said John Bellinger, former legal adviser to the Bush administration. President Barack Obama took a veiled swipe at Trump on Tuesday, saying such ideas represented a “dangerous” mindset. But U.S. presidents have wide latitude on immigration matters, and some conservative scholars said that the fate of any proposed ban would hinge on how narrowly Trump framed it. They note, for instance, that Democratic President Jimmy Carter barred Iranian nationals from entering the United States during the 1979 Iran hostage crisis. “If a Trump administration cut off immigration from certain countries, rather than certain religions, it would not violate the Constitution,” said John Yoo, a law professor at the University of California Berkeley and former Justice Department official who advised the George W. Bush administration on interrogation methods used on terrorism suspects. Herman Schwartz, a law professor at American University in Washington, said if Trump stuck to his proposal for a temporary prohibition on Muslim immigrants, that raises significant constitutional questions and “shows his shaky command of the legal facts.” In Monday’s speech in New Hampshire, Trump showed little sign of scaling back his call to ban Muslims from entering the United States, which he first laid out in December after an Islamic State-linked deadly mass shooting in San Bernardino, California. Debate over the legality of Trump’s proposals was complicated by the vagueness of his pronouncement and questions on how broadly he would extend any immigration ban if elected. While legal experts say presidents have the power to ban immigrants from specific countries, the United States does not currently ban immigration from any country. Officials do give extra scrutiny to people entering from countries such Syria and Iran. Under the broadest interpretation of Trump’s pronouncement,  immigration could be barred not only from the Muslim world but from U.S.-allied countries in Europe and Asia where militant attacks have taken place. This could include India, the source of many skilled engineers for the U.S. technology sector. Critics say this would be impractical and counterproductive. “Is Mr. Trump proposing to stop issuing visas even for business or tourism or education to nationals of certain countries?” said Bellinger. “Rather than increase economic growth, Mr. Trump’s plan could cost the U.S. economy billions of dollars.” Republican Senator Jeff Sessions, a Trump foreign policy adviser, justified the candidate’s pronouncement, saying “it is perfectly appropriate for the country to refuse admission to those whose presence may be detrimental to the national interest.“ But Orrin Hatch, the longest-serving Republican in the Senate, when asked whether a president has the authority to ban immigrants based on religion, said: “I’m not sure he does.” Legal experts also raised doubts about the legality of Trump’s demand that members of the American Muslim community “cooperate with law enforcement and turn in the people who they know are bad” or else they will be “brought to justice” themselves.” Critics have accused him of anti-Muslim fear-mongering to win votes. “Generally, the idea that knowledge in and of itself comes with criminal liability is antithetical to the way we talk about criminal law in the United States,” said Daniel Richman, a Columbia University law professor and former federal prosecutor. If Trump tried to implement such prosecutions as president, he said, potential defendants could simply invoke their constitutional right against self-incrimination and continue to remain silent. ",1
9125,Obama to meet the Dalai Lama at White House on Wednesday,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama will meet the Dalai Lama at the White House on Wednesday, a move certain to anger China which considers the exiled Tibetan Buddhist spiritual leader a dangerous separatist. Obama and the Dalai Lama will meet privately at 10:15 a.m. (1415 GMT), a White House statement said. Earlier on Tuesday, China warned the United States to stick by its promises not to support any separatist activities. In an interview with Reuters on Monday, the Dalai Lama had said it was possible he would meet Obama and on Tuesday Taiwan announced that its new president would make a transit stop in the United States next week. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said both issues touched on the “one China” policy, a basic diplomatic tenet referring to both Taiwan and Tibet being part of China that Beijing insists foreign governments recognize. Lu said the United States had said it opposed Taiwan’s independence and recognized that Tibet was an inseparable part of China. “We demand the U.S. government earnestly stands by its promises, conscientiously handle the relevant issue in accordance with the one China principle and not give any space to any individual or behavior which tries to create two Chinas, one China one Taiwan, or to split China,” he said. Obama met the Dalai Lama when the latter visited Washington in 2014 and angered China then when he vowed “strong support” for Tibetans’ human rights. The Dalai Lama says he wants genuine autonomy for Tibet rather than independence. He told Reuters Obama was a “a long-time friend” whom he admired for his work to normalize relations with Cuba, on Iran and for his recent visits to former U.S. foe Vietnam and the site of the Hiroshima atomic bombing in Japan.  Asked how Beijing (Peking) might respond to a meeting, the Dalai Lama said: “I don’t know - you should ask them. I think in Peking, we cannot as of now ... generalize. In Peking there are different views. Some people there have a more realistic view. Some are more hardline, which is more narrow-minded.”  Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen will transit in Miami on her way to Panama, one of the island’s few diplomatic allies, and stop over in Los Angeles on her return, Taiwan’s deputy foreign minister, Javier Ching-shan Hou, said. China is suspicious of Tsai, who assumed office last month, as she is also head of the pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party. Travel abroad is sensitive for Taiwanese leaders who have angered China as it is seen as exerting sovereignty. Tsai’s trip will run from June 24 to July 2 and include Paraguay. ",1
9126,Ex-Michigan lawmaker to stand trial; charges dismissed against another,"(Reuters) - A Michigan judge on Tuesday dismissed charges against a former state representative, while ruling another lawmaker should stand trial after he tried to hide their extramarital affair, according to a prosecutor’s office spokeswoman. Ingham County District Judge Hugh Clarke ruled that former State Representative Todd Courser should stand trial for perjury  and one count of misconduct for his attempted cover-up of the affair with fellow lawmaker Cindy Gamrat, said Andrea Bitely, a spokeswoman for the Michigan attorney general’s office. Prosecutors originally charged Courser with three counts of misconduct while in office and perjury, but the judge dismissed two of the misconduct charges. Clarke also dismissed the two criminal misconduct-in-office charges against Gamrat due to insufficient evidence that she knowingly lied to House investigators about an email that Courser sent to distract from their affair, Bitely said. Prosecutors will not appeal the dismissed charges against Gamrat, but they are reviewing their options regarding the charges against Courser that were not sent to trial, Bitely said.  An attorney for Courser, Matthew DePerno, maintained his client is not guilty, and said he believed there was not enough evidence to support the perjury or misconduct charge. Courser is due back in court in late June.      A lawyer for Gamrat, Mike Nichols, said the charges against his client stem from a house investigation that arose from a political dispute. The former legislators faced charges of misconduct related to Courser’s failed attempt to cover up their affair. He had devised a plan to distribute an email falsely claiming he had sex with a male prostitute in a move meant to blunt the political impact of the actual affair if it was ever revealed, according to the Detroit News.  The two former lawmakers also were charged with misconduct for allowing their employees to forge their signature on proposed legislation. ",1
9127,Senate passes $602 billion defense authorization bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate voted overwhelmingly on Tuesday to pass a $602 billion defense authorization bill, despite President Barack Obama’s threat to veto the annual policy measure over issues including a ban on closing the Guantanamo Bay military prison. The vote was 85-13, far more than the majority needed to pass the 100-member Senate. Six Republicans and seven members of the Democratic caucus voted against the bill, which authorizes military spending for the fiscal year that begins on Oct. 1. Obama gave a long list of objections to the versions of the bill passed by the Senate and House of Representatives, including provisions making it more difficult to close the detention center at the Guantanamo Bay naval base in Cuba and the use of funds specially designated for the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq to allow the military to avoid mandatory spending limits. The Senate’s version of the National Defense Authorization Act, or NDAA, now must be reconciled with the one passed by the House last month before it can be sent to Obama. The House bill also faces a veto threat. If the bill is finished before November, when every member of the House and one-third of the Senate is up for re-election, a veto could prove challenging for Democrats. Obama’s party is trying to keep the White House, and hopes to regain the Senate majority it lost in 2014, if not control of the House. But Democrats perpetually battle accusations from Republicans that they are soft on defense, a fight that could be more difficult if they block the major Pentagon policy bill. Republican Senator John McCain, who chairs the Armed Services Committee, said he was disappointed the bill did not include a program that would help Afghans who are in danger because they worked for American troops to move to the United States. “They are the number one target for the Taliban and for ISIS (Islamic State),” McCain said in the Senate after the bill passed without an amendment extending the program to provide Special Immigrant Visas for interpreters and others who worked for U.S. forces. Democratic Senator Jeanne Shaheen, who had introduced the amendment, called its omission “unconscionable.” In a statement, she said, “For many of them, this could be a death sentence.” The bill would also require young women to register for the military draft, as the Department of Defense opens all of the military, including combat roles, to females. A few conservative senators voted against the measure because of that provision. The bill passed with a compromise on the use of Russian RD-180 rocket engines. Lawmakers eased a ban on their use late last year, worried that it could drive United Launch alliance, a joint venture of Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing Co, out of business and leave only privately held SpaceX to transport satellites into space. An amendment from Republican Senator Cory Gardner and Democrat Bill Nelson gives the Pentagon time to develop and test a replacement for the Russian-made engines and limits their use for launches. McCain, a harsh critic of Moscow, had tried to stop the use of the RD-180 to send a message to Russia’s President Vladimir Putin.  The bill also bars military base closures, despite military leaders saying they have more capacity than they need. Closing bases is a thorny issue for many lawmakers, especially in an election year. ",1
9128,Russians steal research on Trump in hack of U.S. Democratic Party,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Hackers believed to be working for the Russian government broke into the Democratic National Committee’s computer network, spied on internal communications and accessed research on presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, the committee and security experts said on Tuesday. Two separate groups entered the DNC’s system, and one read email and chat communications for nearly a year before being detected, according to the committee and CrowdStrike, the cyber firm that helped clean up the breach. Russian spies also targeted the networks of Trump and Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, as well as the computers of some Republican political action committees, the Washington Post quoted U.S. officials as saying, although details were not available. A Clinton campaign official said there was no evidence the campaign’s information systems had been hacked. A Russian government spokesman denied involvement in the breach. “I completely rule out a possibility that the (Russian) government or the government bodies have been involved in this,” Dmitry Peskov, a Kremlin spokesman, told Reuters in Moscow. The intrusion is emblematic of the sophistication of Russian hackers, who intelligence officials have long viewed as the most talented of U.S. adversaries in cyberspace. The Democratic Party had been aware of efforts to hack Trump material for two months, and U.S. intelligence agencies were involved in efforts to find out who was behind the hacking, a source familiar with Trump opposition research said. The source said Democratic Party operatives believed the hacking was conducted by the Russian government. The research includes material on Trump’s business efforts in Azerbaijan, Georgia, Serbia and Russia, according to information made available to Reuters.         Cyber attacks against political candidates and organizations are common worldwide. U.S. National Intelligence Director James Clapper said last month he was aware of attempted hacks on campaigns and related groups and he expected to see more as the Nov. 8 presidential election nears. U.S. Representative Jim Langevin, a Democrat and co-founder of the congressional cybersecurity caucus, said it was “disconcerting” that independent groups penetrated the DNC and that one was able “to stay embedded for nearly a year.” But the groups are extremely sophisticated, Langevin said, and have previously been implicated on attacks at the White House, the State Department and the German Bundestag, as well as a number of private companies. The DNC contacted CrowdStrike in May and within 24 hours it began investigating unusual activity on the group’s network, said Dmitri Alperovitch, the company’s co-founder and chief technology officer. It identified two hacking groups and both were kicked out this weekend, he said. The first, which CrowdStrike named Cozy Bear, entered the DNC’s systems last summer, according to the firm. It primarily monitored email and chat conversations and may be working for Russia’s Federal Security Service, or FSB, Alperovitch said.  Russian President Vladimir Putin once ran the FSB. The second group, nicknamed Fancy Bear, is probably working on behalf of Russia’s military, Alperovitch said. It gained entry in late April and “went straight to the oppo research ... on Donald Trump and exfiltrated some of it,” he said. Alperovitch said both groups were among “the best threat actors that we’ve ever encountered” but they did not appear to be working together. He was not sure how the intrusions occurred but suspected the hackers may have leveraged “spearphishing” emails to trick DNC employees into downloading malicious code onto their network. “When we discovered the intrusion, we treated this like the serious incident it is,” Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, chairwoman of the DNC, said in a statement. “Our team moved as quickly as possible to kick out the intruders and secure our network.” Trump’s interest in Russia goes back to the 1980s, with a 1990 Vanity Fair article citing news program appearances in which Trump offered his own services as a negotiator with Russia.  Information made available to Reuters indicates Trump tried on at least three occasions - in 2004, 2008 and 2013 - to get involved in business deals in Russia. In 2013, he and an Azerbaijani-Russian oligarch, Aras Agalarov, jointly put on a Miss Universe competition in Moscow, and Trump was photographed with Agalarov’s wife, son and daughter. The last two U.S. presidential cycles in 2008 and 2012 witnessed a barrage of cyber attacks from a range of adversaries targeting President Barack Obama’s campaign and the campaigns of his Republican foes. U.S. intelligence officials have said many previous assaults were linked to Chinese hackers. ",1
9129,Former allies of NJ's Christie fail to dismiss Bridgegate indictment,"(Reuters) - A federal judge refused to dismiss a criminal indictment against two former allies of New Jersey Republican Governor Chris Christie over their alleged roles in the 2013 George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandal, known as Bridgegate. In a decision made public on Tuesday, U.S. District Judge Susan Wigenton, in Newark, New Jersey, rejected arguments by William Baroni and Bridget Anne Kelly that the laws under which they were charged were too vague and that they had no reason to know some of their activities might have been illegal. Kelly, a former Christie deputy chief of staff, and Baroni, a former deputy executive director of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, were charged with wire fraud, civil rights deprivation and conspiracy for allegedly arranging the September 2013 shutdown of bridge access lanes in Fort Lee, New Jersey. The closure led to several days of gridlock affecting the bridge, the world’s busiest, which spans the Hudson River to connect New Jersey to Manhattan. Prosecutors said it was intended to punish Fort Lee’s Democratic mayor for not endorsing Christie’s successful reelection bid. In her 23-page decision, Wigenton said reasonable public officials would understand that wrongdoing attributed to the defendants would violate drivers’ right to travel. “Political payback is not a significant government interest,” she wrote. Wigenton also said it was for jurors to decide whether to hold the defendants criminally responsible for their alleged dealings with former Port Authority executive David Wildstein, who pleaded guilty to conspiracy charges and is cooperating with prosecutors. Michael Baldassare and Michael Critchley, lawyers who represent Baroni and Kelly respectively, did not immediately respond to requests for comment. A trial is scheduled for Sept. 12, court records show. Christie has not been charged and has denied involvement in wrongdoing, but the scandal hurt his popularity within New Jersey and weighed on his unsuccessful 2016 presidential run.  Both defendants are also seeking records from Christie’s cellphone through subpoenas to a law firm that previously generated a taxpayer-funded report absolving the governor of wrongdoing. Critics of Christie have called that report biased. Separately, a federal appeals court in Philadelphia is weighing requests by media to publicly release a list of unindicted co-conspirators. Oral arguments were heard on June 6. The case is U.S. v. Baroni et al, U.S. District Court, District of New Jersey, No. 15-cr-00193.     ",1
9130,Kerry launches talks with Venezuela but backs disputed referendum,"SANTO DOMINGO (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry announced high-level talks to ease tensions with Venezuela’s socialist government on Tuesday, just hours after he backed calls for a referendum that could force President Nicolas Maduro from office.   Kerry said the talks would start immediately in Caracas and be led by Thomas Shannon, a veteran of U.S. diplomacy in the region. Attempts last year at dialogue between the ideological foes were stalled by Venezuela’s deepening crisis. The two countries have been embroiled in diplomatic hostilities since the administrations of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez and U.S. President George W. Bush. Kerry said the goal was to go beyond “the old rhetoric.” “I’ve committed to see if this can work so let’s see if we can improve the relationship,” he told reporters, after huddling with his Venezuelan counterpart on the sidelines of an Organization of American States (OAS) meeting in the Dominican Republic. The talks would also be aimed at fostering dialogue between Venezuela’s government and opposition, Kerry said. Maduro welcomed the proposed talks and repeated his suggestion that the two sides restore ambassadors in each other’s capitals after an eight-year hiatus that began when Chavez expelled the U.S. envoy to Venezuela. “I propose to John Kerry ‘let’s designate ambassadors’, I am ready. They have ambassadors in Beijing, Vietnam and Havana, and they don’t have one in Caracas,” he said in a speech to teachers. Maduro proposed an ambassador in 2014 but U.S. President Barack Obama has not yet accepted his credentials. Once one of Latin America’s most prosperous nations, Venezuela has plunged into unrest and a harsh economic slowdown. Long lines for food and medicines have led to protests and opposition calls for a recall referendum to remove Maduro.     That measure is allowed under the constitution, a point made by Kerry to reporters after he met Venezuelan Foreign Minister Delcy Rodriguez.  Earlier in the day, in a speech to OAS delegates, Kerry gave his backing to the referendum push and called on Chavez’s political heirs to release political prisoners and respect fundamental rights.      His comments to the 34 members of the main diplomatic body of the Americas marked the strongest show of support yet from the United States for the disputed referendum process. Venezuela’s opposition accuses the election council of stalling the recall at the behest of Maduro by arbitrarily changing criteria for requesting a recall vote. Maduro has said any recall against him would be in 2017 at the earliest, pushing back against opposition pressure. Several opposition politicians are in jail, notably hardline leader Leopoldo Lopez, who has a 14-year sentence for inciting 2014 anti-government protests that spiraled into violence killing more than 40 people. The government denies it holds political prisoners. Kerry’s comments drew a furious response from Rodriguez, who accused Washington and OAS chief Luis Almagro of “international bullying.”   “Every day we have evidence of the secretary general’s bias in favor of sectors of the opposition who are seeking a coup in Venezuela,” she said.  “I see now this is ordered by Washington. I know they are on Washington’s payroll to meddle in the domestic affairs of Venezuela,” she said, speaking through a translator.  Kerry was more conciliatory after his first ever bilateral meeting with Rodriguez, saying the United States did not support a push by Almagro to suspend Venezuela from the OAS for alleged violations of the regional group’s “democratic charter.” “The United States is not taking that position, we are not pushing for a suspension. I don’t think that would be constructive,” he said. At Almagro’s behest, the OAS will hold a meeting later this month to initiate the process that could end in Venezuela’s suspension. But the former Uruguayan foreign minister appears isolated in the group, with even right-wing governments opposed to Maduro in the region balking at throwing Venezuela out. Venezuela and the United States have repeatedly gone through periods of diplomatic fighting followed by generally short-lived eras of reconciliation.  Following Washington’s 2014 rapprochement with Cuba, Shannon met with a top Venezuelan Socialist Party official to improve ties with Caracas. The good mood soured within months when the United States criticized the sentence handed to opposition leader Lopez. ",1
9131,Senators introduce bill aimed at getting generic drugs to market,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Four U.S. senators - two Democrats and two Republicans - introduced a bill on Tuesday aimed at preventing big pharmaceutical companies from using safety rules to prevent generic drugs from coming to market. Senators Charles Grassley, chair of the Judiciary Committee, and Patrick Leahy, the top Democrat, are sponsors of the bill along with Senators Mike Lee and Amy Klobuchar, the chair of the antitrust subcommittee and top Democrat, respectively. The Food and Drug Administration, which ensures the safety of the country’s food and drug supply, has a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy program, called REMS, which is designed to ensure that the riskiest drugs are dispensed safely. But there have been complaints that the program has been misused by brand-name drug companies to prevent generic manufacturers from getting the drug samples needed to market cheaper versions. Generic companies also complain their drugs are not allowed to share a safety protocol, making it difficult to come to market. The bill would allow a generic manufacturer who faces either of these situations to file a lawsuit to force access to a sample or force negotiations for a safety protocol. “Balancing the cost of developing lifesaving medications with the need to make available affordable prescription drugs to consumers has always been a difficult task. It’s a consistent topic at my town meetings,” Grassley said in a statement. “Unfortunately, we’re seeing some brand-name drug companies engage in anti-competitive tactics that delay entry of lower cost generic drugs into the market. This bill takes important steps to ensure that our laws are not frustrated.” There is a similar bill in the House of Representatives which addresses the same issue but uses a different strategy. For example, it requires the generic company seeking a REMS drug to get FDA authorization to obtain the sample. In one of the REMS disputes which is public, Mylan Pharmaceuticals filed a lawsuit in 2014 against Celgene Corp, accusing it of using REMS to prevent generic copies of Thalomid and Revlimid to market. The Senate Judiciary Committee’s antitrust panel will hold a hearing on its bill on June 21. The Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, or PhRMA, which counts major drugmakers among its members, said it had no immediate comment. The Generic Pharmaceutical Association was pleased to see the bill introduced. “It is worth noting and recognizing recent efforts by representatives in the branded industry to highlight the valuable role generic medicines play in driving healthcare system savings,” said Chip Davis, GPhA’s president. “Continued use of these anticompetitive practices by certain manufacturers drives the exact opposite outcome.” ",1
9132,Trump gains slightly on Clinton after Florida attack: Reuters/Ipsos poll,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Hillary Clinton’s lead over Donald Trump in the U.S. presidential race has narrowed since late last week, according to the results of the first Reuters/Ipsos poll conducted since the Orlando shooting rampage on Sunday. Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee for the Nov. 8 election, has blamed Democratic policies for the worst mass shooting in U.S. history and doubled-down on his pledge to ban Muslim immigration, while Clinton has warned against demonizing Muslim-Americans. The poll, conducted from Friday to Tuesday, showed Clinton with an 11.6-point lead - 44.6 percent to 33.0 percent - over Trump, down from the 13-point lead she had in the five days that ended Saturday. The Florida attack, in which a gunman killed 49 people at a gay nightclub and wounded 53 could have a lingering impact on the presidential race, mixing concerns about immigration, gun violence and religious tolerance into what has already been a volatile and sharply negative campaign.  The shooter, Omar Mateen, 29, the U.S.-born son of Afghan immigrant parents, called authorities during the massacre to pledge allegiance to the Islamic State militant group. Federal investigators have said Mateen, who was killed by police, was likely self-radicalized and there was no evidence he received any instruction or aid from outside groups such as Islamic State.  Trump seized on the attack to accuse Democratic President Barack Obama of failing to address “radical Islamic terrorism,” to warn that Clinton’s policies on immigration would allow more potential attackers into the country, and to fine-tune his call for a suspension of Muslim immigration. In a speech on Monday, Trump said he would suspend immigration from countries with a “proven history of terrorism” against the United States, Europe and allied countries “until we fully understand how to end these threats.” Clinton, the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee,  said Trump’s response to the attack was disturbing. “Prejudice, paranoia and partisanship are not a plan, and will not protect anyone,” Clinton said in a statement.     She re-emphasized her support for coordinated military action in Syria and Iraq and called for tougher controls on firearms sales. Clinton’s slip in the polling was not all Trump’s gain.  The proportion of voters who said they would not vote for either candidate has risen steadily over the past week. About 22.4 percent of likely voters would not pick either candidate, according to the five-day average of results on Tuesday. That was up from 20.6 percent a week ago. Trump’s strident tone on Muslims and national security appears to have helped him in the past, at least with Republicans. He surged in opinion polls among Republicans late last year after attacks in Paris and San Bernardino, California. According to Reuters/Ipsos polls over the past several months, a majority of Republican voters said he was their party’s best choice to deal with terrorism and trusted him more than his Republican rivals to be commander in chief. Most Republicans also support Trump’s proposed ban on Muslim immigration, while a majority of Americans oppose it. The online poll included 1,063 likely voters and had a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of about 3.5 percentage points. ",1
9133,House votes to protect 'dark money' political donors,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Republican-controlled U.S. House of Representatives voted on Tuesday to protect the identities of wealthy individuals and others who make anonymous, or “dark money,” donations to politically active nonprofit groups. The measure, which drew lobbying support from billionaire industrialists Charles and David Koch, was approved in a 240-180 vote along party lines. It would prohibit the Internal Revenue Service from collecting the names and addresses of donors who contribute $5,000 or more to 501(c) organizations, a name that refers to the tax code section that covers them. The action sent the bill on to the Senate. Although the measure would apply to all 501(c) tax-exempt groups, such as universities, hospitals and charities, politically active nonprofits are the intended beneficiaries. Republicans said the legislation would prevent the Internal Revenue Service from targeting conservative groups following 2013 revelations that Tea Party organizations were subjected to extra scrutiny. Political spending by nonprofit groups including the Koch- aligned Americans for Prosperity has grown dramatically since 2010, when the Supreme Court opened the way to unlimited spending on political campaigns by individuals, corporations, unions and other groups in its landmark Citizens United ruling.  The White House on Monday said it opposed the bill, the Preventing IRS Abuse and Protecting Free Speech Act, claiming it would constrain the IRS from enforcing tax laws and reduce transparency among private foundations. Democrats argued that the legislation could make it easier for foreign entities to finance political campaigns inside the United States.  Charity regulators have also warned that the loss of donor information would make it harder to protect the public against charity fraud. The change would reduce available information on a range of organizations, IRS data shows. Republicans said the bill is necessary to protect donors from potential leaks that could subject them to harassment. Donor identities are not supposed to be released to the public, hence the term “dark money.”  But leaks have occurred, including the 2012 release of donors to the conservative National Organization for Marriage that resulted in a settlement requiring the IRS to pay the organization $50,000. Supporters of the legislation also pointed to signs that the IRS may seek to end the disclosure requirement on its own.     Nonprofit groups could spend more than $500 million on this year’s presidential and congressional elections, up from $10 million in 2008, according to the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics. House Republicans are also pushing to censure and impeach IRS Commissioner John Koskinen for allegedly failing to cooperate with a probe of the IRS scandal.   ",1
9134,Justice Department should analyze Dow-DuPont deal: senator,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - The chairman of the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee on Tuesday urged federal antitrust officials to conduct a “careful analysis” of Dow Chemical Co’s proposed $130 billion merger with DuPont, adding pressure on officials to scrutinize how rapid consolidation in agriculture will affect farmers and consumers. U.S. Senator Charles Grassley called for the review in a letter to the U.S. Department of Justice’s antitrust division. The Iowa Republican said he was concerned the planned tie-up will decrease competition in the farming sector following a flood of mergers and acquisitions in recent years. He also said he was worried the deal could raise barriers to entry for smaller companies, hurt innovation and raise prices for products. Grassley’s request for a federal review increases attention on risks of consolidation as more large agribusiness deals are in the offing. Bayer AG is pursuing a $62 billion acquisition of Monsanto Co, the world’s top seed maker, while Chinese state-owned China National Chemical Corp [CNNCC.UL], or ChemChina, plans to buy Swiss crop chemicals company Syngenta AG for $43 billion. A global downturn in grain prices and a strong dollar have reduced U.S. farm income and prompted farmers to cut spending. That has eaten into sales of the big six agrochemical and seed companies that are now looking to bolster profits through mergers and partnerships. Dow expects the regulatory review of its proposed merger with DuPont “will be a thorough process,” a company spokeswoman said. The deal is “pro-competitive and good for farmers and consumers,” she said. Dow has previously said it expects the deal to close in the second half of 2016. DuPont had no immediate comment. The Justice Department declined to comment. In March, Grassley, who also serves on the agriculture committee, joined other senators asking for the U.S. government panel that reviews foreign acquisitions to assess the impact of ChemChina’s planned acquisition of Syngenta on domestic food security . The U.S. Department of Agriculture has agreed to join the review panel, people familiar with the matter have told Reuters, a move that subjects the deal to additional government scrutiny. Last month, Monsanto turned down Bayer’s acquisition attempt as “incomplete and financially inadequate” but said it was open to further negotiations. Monsanto said the initial offer did not adequately address potential “regulatory execution risks related to the acquisition.” ",1
9135,Detroit eyes refunding of up to $660 million bonds,"(Reuters) - Detroit would sell its first general obligation bonds since exiting bankruptcy in December 2014 under a proposal by Mayor Mike Duggan’s administration to refund up to $660 million of outstanding bonds. The city council on Tuesday sent the plan to refund up to $275 million of unlimited tax GO bonds sold in 2014 and up to $385 million of limited tax GO bonds sold in 2010 and 2012 to its Budget, Finance and Audit Committee for consideration.  The outstanding bonds were issued through the Michigan Finance Authority and backed by the city’s share of distributable state aid payments. John Naglick, Detroit’s finance director, said Detroit expects to capture lower interest rates in the bond refundings to save money for the budget and to lower property tax rates supporting the bonds.  “If it wasn’t for this move to record low rates, we wouldn’t do this,” he said. Ten and 30-year yields on Municipal Market Data’s benchmark triple-A scale are at or near all-time lows, driven by big investor demand for debt sold by states, cities, schools and other municipal issuers. Detroit was able to shed about $7 billion of its $18 billion of debt and obligations in the biggest-ever U.S. municipal bankruptcy. In its first post-bankruptcy public debt offering last August, the city restructured $245 million of variable-rate revenue bonds backed by city income taxes into a fixed-rate mode at a hefty spread over MMD’s scale. If the GO bond refundings are approved by the city council committee on Wednesday, the measures would head for a full-council vote on June 21. Naglick said the issuance also needs approval from the Detroit Financial Review Commission, the city’s post-bankruptcy oversight board, which meets on June 27.    ",1
9136,Senior House Democrat: must expect Russia to target U.S. institutions,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top Democrat on the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee said on Tuesday he would not elaborate on reports that Russia was involved in hacking the Democratic National Committee database, but that Russian targeting should be expected. “While I cannot get into the specifics of any one attack or hack, in light of our increasingly adversarial relationship with Russia after their invasion of Ukraine, we must expect that Russia, in particular, will target our institutions relentlessly – and for those that are not well defended, successfully,” Representative Adam Schiff said in a statement.  ",1
9137,Kerry says U.S. and Venezuela agree to start talks to ease tensions,"SANTO DOMINGO (Reuters) - Venezuela and the United States will immediately start talks to ease tensions between the two countries and does not support its ouster from a regional diplomatic bloc, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said on Tuesday after meeting his counterpart from the OPEC nation. Venezuela is embroiled in an economic and political crisis that has led to social unrest in one of the world’s largest oil producers. The United States will send Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs Thomas Shannon, a veteran on Latin American diplomacy, as its representative to the talks, Kerry told reporters traveling with him after the bilateral meeting.   Kerry said that the United States did not support efforts by the head of the Organization of the American States to suspend Venezuela from the regional diplomatic bloc. ",1
9138,Senate to debate Puerto Rico debt bill: McConnell,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate this month will debate legislation that passed overwhelmingly in the House of Representatives and aims to give Puerto Rico some relief from its $70 billion debt, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said on Tuesday. McConnell’s announcement came after some House members briefed fellow Republicans in the Senate on the content of the legislation, which would establish a federal oversight board to restructure Puerto Rican debt. Backers of the House-passed bill are hoping the Senate signs off on the legislation before July 1, when Puerto Rico faces a deadline on a $1.9 billion debt payment. Representative Rob Bishop, who chairs the House Natural Resources Committee, which steered the legislation through that chamber, told reporters that Republican senators peppered him with questions about the makeup of the oversight board and its powers. He added that he assured senators the bill is not a taxpayer bailout of Puerto Rico and that it would not have an impact on U.S. states. Puerto Rico is a U.S. territory and some critics of the bill have expressed concerns that a control board appointed by Washington might not have the Caribbean island’s best interests in mind. The legislation also got a boost, albeit a tepid one, on Tuesday when Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch offered qualified support for the House bill. He added that he was considering offering changes to the bill but did not elaborate. Hatch’s Finance Committee has oversight of the Puerto Rico debt legislation. Some Senate Democrats also have expressed reservations with the bill and indicated that they could seek amendments, but it was not clear if they actually would. Any changes made by the Senate to the House-passed bill would send it back to the House to accept, reject or make further amendments. Bishop left open the possibility of July 1 arriving with Congress still working on the Puerto Rico bill. “It’s not the end of the world,” Bishop said of the possibility of Congress putting finishing touches on legislation into July. “Market forces, as long as they realize we’re moving forward to a solution and we’re close to it, I think that would mitigate against anything that would be negative that would impact the entire market,” Bishop added. The Obama administration has voiced its support for the House bill, which passed on a strong, bipartisan vote of 297-127. Puerto Rico, which suffers from a poverty rate of around 45 percent, has been hobbled by its worsening debt problems, with some schools and medical facilities closing and island residents fleeing to the mainland United States where many find jobs, primarily in central Florida. ",1
9139,Moscow denies Russian involvement in U.S. DNC hacking,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia on Tuesday denied involvement in the hacking of the Democratic National Committee database that U.S. sources said gained access to all opposition research on Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. “I completely rule out a possibility that the (Russian) government or the government bodies have been involved in this,” Dmitry Peskov, the Kremlin spokesman told Reuters in Moscow. ",1
9140,Senate to take up House Puerto Rico debt bill by end-June: McConnell,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said on Tuesday the  Senate would take up before the end of this month a bill passed by the House of Representatives dealing with Puerto Rico’s debt. McConnell, the top Republican Senate leader, was speaking to reporters. Backers of the House-passed bill are hoping the Senate signs off on the legislation before July 1, when Puerto Rico faces a deadline on a $1.9 billion debt payment. ",1
9141,Orlando killer expressed support for multiple Islamist groups,"ORLANDO, Fla. (Reuters) - Orlando nightclub killer Omar Mateen had expressed sympathy for a variety of Islamist extremists, including groups in the Middle East that are sworn enemies, the FBI said on Monday, as a picture began to emerge of the angry, violent man who carried out America’s deadliest mass shooting. U.S. authorities said they had found no direct links between Islamic State and Mateen, the U.S.-born son of Afghan immigrants who killed 49 people at a gay nightclub in Orlando on Sunday.        Mateen, 29, was shot dead by police who stormed the Pulse club with armored cars after a three-hour siege. In 911 calls during his rampage, the killer expressed allegiance to Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.     But Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey  said Mateen had made comments favorable to multiple armed Islamist movements and people, which “adds a little bit to the confusion about his motives.” President Barack Obama said Mateen was likely a homegrown extremist.  “So far, we see no indication that this was a plot directed from outside the United States and we see no indication that he was part of any kind of network,” Comey told reporters in Washington. “We’re highly confident this killer was radicalized at least in some part through the internet.”     Islamic State, which controls territory in Iraq and Syria, reiterated on Monday a claim of responsibility, although it offered no signs to indicate coordination with the gunman.         In calls to authorities on Sunday, Mateen also mentioned support for the Boston Marathon bombers and a Florida man who became a Nusra Front suicide bomber in Syria, Comey said. Nusra is an al Qaeda offshoot which is at odds with Islamic State in Syria’s civil war.         Co-workers reported Mateen to the FBI in 2013 after he had made “inflammatory and contradictory” statements, including a claim that he had family connections to al Qaeda and membership of Shi’ite militant group Hezbollah, a bitter rival. The FBI’s Miami office investigated Mateen for 10 months and interviewed him twice but found no evidence of a crime or connection with a militant group. Comey said the FBI was also “working to understand what role anti-gay bigotry may have played” in the attack.  The massacre reverberated on the presidential campaign trail, where Republican Donald Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton, the two likely opponents in the Nov. 8 election, clashed over how to confront violent Islamist extremists.     Trump proposed suspending immigration to the United States from countries with a history of terrorism against America, Europe or U.S. allies, while Clinton warned against demonizing Muslims and called for tougher gun safety measures. Obama is to visit Orlando on Thursday to pay respects to families of the victims. The Orlando killings followed the massacre of 14 people in San Bernardino, California, last year and raised the question of whether the United States will have to confront jihadist attacks in the homeland for years to come.  Comey said tracking apparent lone wolf attackers like Mateen was like finding “needles in a nationwide haystack” while also trying to work out what kind of people could become radicalized. The Florida shooting spree began early on Sunday when the club was packed with some 350 revelers at a Latin music night. Many fled as the gunman raked the crowd with bullets from an AR-15-style semiautomatic rifle and a pistol. An initial wave of officers charged into the club and trapped Mateen in a bathroom, Orlando Police Chief John Mina told reporters. That allowed many patrons to flee, although others were trapped in the restroom with Mateen, leading to a standoff. Police negotiated with Mateen for about three hours before breaking a hole in the wall, which allowed hostages to escape. Mateen also emerged from the hole and was shot dead by officers, police said. Some 53 people were wounded and 29 remain hospitalized at Orlando Regional Medical Center. Michael Cheatham, chief trauma surgeon at the hospital, told Fox News he expects all of the survivors in the hospital to survive.  Amanda Alvear’s last Snapchat video post began with a shot of her on the dance floor of the nightclub surrounded by friends. It ended with gunshots ringing out over the music. Alvear, 25, was identified by police as one of those killed at Pulse. Her friend Mercedez Flores, 26, who worked for Target,  was also on the list. Another victim was Edward Sotomayor, 34, a marketing manager at a Florida-based gay-themed travel company. He was a legend in the industry, his boss, Al Ferguson, said.  Pastor Deyni Ventura visited a survivor in the hospital, whom she identified only as Norman, who had taken refuge in a handicapped bathroom stall crammed with 30 people. Norman could hear the shooter laughing loudly as he sprayed gunfire over and under the bathroom stall. “They couldn’t see the shooter but they could hear him laughing,” Ventura said, intimating a loud cackling laugh. Norman, who was shot four times, crawled over the bodies of his friends to safety. Everyone else in the stall died, Ventura said. Most of the people fatally shot were Latino, more than half of them of Puerto Rican origin and at least three of them Mexican citizens. Hundreds of people attended a vigil on Monday night for the dead in downtown Orlando.         Law enforcement officials searched for clues as to whether anyone had worked with Mateen on the attack, said Lee Bentley, the U.S. attorney for the middle district of Florida. But officials said they believed there had been no other attackers and had no evidence of a threat to the public. Mateen’s ex-wife, Sitora Yusifiy, described him as mentally unstable and violent toward her. “He would get mad out of nowhere. That’s when I started worrying about my safety and then after a few months he started abusing me physically very often,” she told reporters. The couple split in 2009 after four months of marriage.     When Mateen met with his father the day before the killing, he betrayed nothing of the rage that would soon erupt. “I didn’t notice anything wrong,” Seddique Mateen said in an interview. “He was very slick.” In the close-knit Muslim community of about 100 families in Fort Pierce, Florida, Mateen was known as quiet with few friends. “He wasn’t a people person. He was not extremely friendly but he wasn’t rude either,” said Mohammed Jameel, 54, who worshipped at his mosque.     Mateen was an armed guard at a gated retirement community, and had worked for the global security firm G4S (GFS.L) for nine years..          He told the FBI during its investigation of him that he had made pro-Islamist remarks because he was angry at co-workers who he felt were discriminating against him and teasing him for being a Muslim, Comey said. ",1
9142,Cleveland sued over speech rights outside Republican convention,"CLEVELAND (Reuters) - Three groups planning to demonstrate at the Republican National Convention in July sued the city of Cleveland on Tuesday, seeking immediate changes to security measures due to their “unacceptable restrictions” on free speech. Presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump is expected to officially become the Republican Party’s candidate for president at the July 18-21 convention, which will attract protesters for various causes who plan to demonstrate outside. Trump campaign events have drawn large and raucous demonstrations, some of which have resulted in clashes between the candidate’s supporters and opponents. Led by the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), the three groups filed suit in U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Ohio, naming the city of Cleveland and Mayor Frank Jackson as defendants. Dan Williams, a spokesman for the mayor, said in a phone call he had not seen the lawsuit and that the city does not comment on ongoing litigation. He said the city and the ACLU have discussed protester rights and regulations in meetings.     The plaintiffs are Citizens for Trump, a Texas-based group that supports the businessman’s campaign; Organize Ohio, a liberal activist group; and Northeast Ohio Coalition for the Homeless, a charitable organization. The lawsuit contends that Cleveland has imposed an unnecessarily large restricted zone of 3.3 square miles (8.5 square km) in the city center where free speech and mobility will be limited. “The limitations apply far beyond the part of the city where the convention activities will take place. ... These regulations severely limit the opportunities for members of the public to exercise their expressive rights during the convention,” the lawsuit said. The lawsuit seeks to reduce the size and regulations of the restricted an area and asks the court to immediately address the city’s rules for issuing protest permits and what the ACLU called persistent delays in approving those permits.  “Many of these applications have been pending for months - some as long as four months. The city’s continuing refusal to approve or deny these applications leaves the organizers of these activities in limbo,” the lawsuit said. Protesters need adequate time to make travel arrangements and rent needed materials such as portable toilets and sound stage equipment, the ACLU has said. ",1
9143,Trump to meet with House Republicans on July 7,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump will speak with House of Representatives Republicans on July 7 in what would be the first meeting of the party’s presumptive presidential nominee with its entire House caucus, Republican aides said on Tuesday. House Republican Conference Chair Cathy McMorris Rodgers announced plans for the meeting in a closed-door gathering of House Republicans on Tuesday, the aides said. Some House Republicans have publicly criticized Trump’s inflammatory comments about Muslims, immigrants and women, saying they risked the party’s chances of winning the Nov. 8 election. Speaker Paul Ryan, who has endorsed the real estate mogul, this month denounced the candidate’s criticism of a Mexican-American judge as textbook racism. On Tuesday, Ryan said banning Muslims from entering the United States is not in the nation’s interest, in contrast to Trump’s call to limit Muslim immigration. At the meeting with Trump, members will have a chance to “share their policy priorities, learn about his plans to unite the party; and get details about his plans to move America forward,” McMorris Rodgers said, according to an aide. During his previous visits to Washington, Trump has met with House Republican leaders and a number of lawmakers who support him but not with all members of the caucus. A Senate Republican aide said there were no schedules yet for Trump to meet with Republican senators. ",1
9144,U.S. House Speaker: Banning Muslims not in U.S. interests,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Banning Muslims from entering the United States is not in the nation’s interest, U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan said on Tuesday, standing in stark contrast to Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s call to limit Muslim immigration. “I do not think a Muslim ban is in our country’s interests,” Ryan, the nation’s top elected Republican, told reporters, adding that people entering the country should face a “robust security test” but not a religious test. ",1
9145,"Kerry calls for Venezuela to release political prisoners, alleviate shortages","SANTO DOMINGO (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry on Tuesday called on Venezuela’s crisis-hit socialist government to release political prisoners, respect freedom of expression and freedom of assembly and alleviate shortages.  Speaking at a meeting of the Organization of American States (OAS) General Assembly in the Dominican Republic, Kerry said Washington was strongly committed to working with member states to address Venezuela’s “deeply troubling” situation. ",1
9146,Gunman in U.S. massacre described as 'quiet' but grew hateful,"FORT PIERCE, Fla. (Reuters) - The photo from Omar Mateen’s high school yearbook is hardly remarkable - a toothy, dimpled smile with a peach-fuzz mustache below a mop of black hair.  His transformation from high school football player to perpetrator of America’s worst mass shooting raises questions about whether red flags were missed over the depth of his apparent sympathies with Muslim extremists. As families of the victims grieved and the nation recoiled at the scale of yet another mass shooting, a picture began to emerge of the 29-year-old killer as a quiet, devout person who in recent years displayed a hateful and violent streak. Early on Sunday, he stormed a packed gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida, with a handgun and AR-15 semi-automatic rifle, fatally shooting 50 people before police killed him. Fifty-three others were wounded, many critically. His ex-wife, Sitora Yusufiy, described him as “bipolar,” and emotionally disturbed with a violent temper. She said she had been beaten and otherwise physically abused by Mateen during outbursts in which he would “express hatred towards everything”. She was “rescued” by family members just four months into a stormy marriage that began in 2009 and ended in divorce, she said. “He would often get into fights with his parents, but as I was the only one in his life most of the violence was directed towards me,” she told reporters in Boulder, Colorado outside a home where she was staying.  She said he aspired to be a police officer and had worked as a correctional officer at a detention center for juvenile delinquents in Fort Pierce, Florida, and had once sought admission to a police academy. In Fort Pierce on Florida’s southeast coast, 120 miles (195 km) from the shooting, the imam at the mosque that Mateen attended for nearly 10 years described him as a regular worshipper who was quiet and rarely interacted with the congregation. “He hardly had any friends,” Syed Shafeeq Rahman, who heads the Islamic Center of Fort Pierce, told Reuters. “He would come with his little son at night to pray and after he would leave.” Rahman said Mateen never approached him regarding any concerns about homosexuals. He usually prayed at the mosque a few times a week, mostly in evenings and as recently as Friday, but he didn’t display signs of radicalism, according to fellow worshippers interviewed by Reuters. Mateen was born in New York of Afghan descent but spent most of his life in Florida, attending Martin County High School in Stuart, a small city about a 20-minute drive from the Fort Pierce condominium where had most recently lived. A classmate described him as a typical teen who played football. A school yearbook image of Mateen was seen by Reuters.   Samuel King, who was one year ahead of Mateen, said the two often spoke after Mateen graduated in 2004. King waited tables at Ruby Tuesday’s restaurant at Treasure Coast Square, a mall where Mateen worked at GNC, the nutrition store, he said. King, who is openly gay, said the Mateen he knew until 2009 did not appear to be anti-homosexual. “What is shocking to me is that the majority of the staff at Ruby Tuesday’s when I worked there were gay. He clearly was not anti-(gay) at least not back then. He did not show any hatred to any of us.” While at GNC, Mateen lifted weights and “got really buff,” King said, describing Mateen as gregarious and talkative in the immediate years after high school. “Something must have changed” since he last saw him, he added. Mateen’s father, Mir Seddique, told NBC News the massacre was not related to religion. He said his son turned angry when he saw two men kissing in Miami a couple of months ago.  The FBI twice interviewed Mateen for having suspected ties to Islamist militants. The first investigation took place in 2013 when Mateen made inflammatory comments to co-workers that indicated sympathy for militants, FBI special agent in charge Ron Hopper told a news conference in Orlando. At the time, Mateen worked as a security guard at G4S, a British-owned multinational company that is among the world’s largest private security firms.  He joined G4S in September 2007, carried a gun as part of his duties and was employed with the company at the time of the shooting as an armed security officer, the company said.  G4S provides security to federal buildings in Florida. Mateen was investigated and interviewed twice but the FBI was “unable to verify the substance of his comments,” Hopper said. Daniel Kime, a security guard employed along with Mateen by at G4S in the Fort Pierce area, said he met Mateen briefly three or four times. “Every time I saw him he never smiled. If you said good morning, he’d just walk right by you, like he had a chip on his shoulder,” Kime told Reuters. Daniel Gilroy, who said he was a co-worker of Mateen’s at G4S, said that Mateen’s anger was “constant.” “Any time a female or a black person would come by he would use horrible words,” he told Fox News.  In 2014, Hopper said, Mateen was investigated and interviewed again, this time for suspected connections to Moner Mohammad Abu-Salha, an American citizen who became a suicide bomber in Syria in 2014. Hopper said Mateen’s contact with Abu-Salha was minimal and it was deemed that “he did not constitute a substantive threat at that time.” Hopper said Mateen was not under investigation or surveillance at the time of Sunday’s attack. He said Mateen called during the massacre to pledge allegiance to Islamic State, also known as ISIS, which in recent years declared a caliphate over large swathes of Iraq and Syria. But the depth of that commitment is unclear. Mateen also mentioned the Boston Marathon bombers during the call, which he made 20 minutes into the shootings, authorities said. Mateen’s former wife said she met Mateen online about eight years ago and decided to move to Florida to marry him, according to the Washington Post. “He was not a stable person,” she said. “He beat me. He would just come home and start beating me up because the laundry wasn’t finished or something like that.” Mateen had a Florida firearms license that expired in 2013 and a state permit to work as a security guard, according to public records. He was registered as a Democrat. City, state and federal officials were searching Mateen’s apartment in the Woodlands condominium building in Fort Pierce and had told other residents to evacuate. (This story has been refiled to correct headine in June 12 story to remove ‘worst’) ",1
9147,Trump calls for increased military response after Orlando shooting,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump on Monday said the United States needs to increase its military response against Islamic State in the wake of the Orlando nightclub shooting over the weekend, including additional bombings. The presumptive Republican nominee, in an interview on Fox News, said that he would address acts of terrorism in his speech at 2 p.m. EDT in New Hampshire, which he had earlier planned to use to target Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. ",1
9148,"Trump, on CNN, faults Muslim community for not reporting people like Orlando shooter","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump faulted the Muslim community on Monday for not reporting people like the man who carried out the Orlando gay nightclub attack, killing 49 people and wounding 53 others. Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee for president, told CNN he thought Orlando nightclub shooter Omar Mateen was known to people in the Muslim community as someone with a potential for violence. “You will find that many people that knew him felt that he was a whack job ... (that) something like this would have happened,” Trump told CNN in a phone interview. “People that knew him, the ex-wife, other people. They don’t report them. For some reason the Muslim community does not report people like this.”  Trump said the United States needed better intelligence-gathering to prevent such things from happening. “We have to look at the mosques ... and we have to look at the community,” he said. “And believe me, the community knows the people that have the potential to blow up.” ",1
9149,"Democrats link guns to terrorism, turn to gun control after Orlando","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama lamented the ease with which extremists can get firearms in the United States as “crazy” and Hillary Clinton said “terrorists” were using assault weapons to kill Americans, as Democrats on Monday renewed an uphill push for gun control after the Orlando massacre. The worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history, in which 49 people at a gay nightclub were killed and 53 wounded, reignited a debate in Washington over what types of guns should not be easily available and what types of buyers ought to be prohibited. The No. 3 Senate Democrat, Chuck Schumer of New York, and other Democrats said they would try as early as this week to get votes on a measure preventing people on “terror watch lists” and other “suspected terrorists” from buying firearms or explosives. Senate Democrats are trying to resurrect a proposal that failed to win backing in December, after a mass shooting in San Bernardino, California, by Islamic State-inspired militants. Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid, asked by a reporter whether he expected Republicans to oppose the legislation again, said: “Except (Senator Mark) Kirk ... one out of 54 I guess is better than nothing.” Kirk was the lone Republican who voted last December with Democrats.        FBI Director James Comey said the gunman in the Florida attack, New York-born Omar Mateen, had been on a terrorism watch list while he was under FBI investigation for about a year ending in May 2014, but he was taken off when investigators found no incriminating information. The weapons Mateen brought into the packed Orlando club were purchased earlier this month. Speaking to reporters one day after the mass shooting, Obama said the United States was “going to have to make sure that we think about the risks we are willing to take by being so lax in how we make very powerful firearms available to people in this country.” “The fact that we make it this challenging for law enforcement ... is crazy,” the Democratic president said. Clinton, the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee, weighed in during a campaign rally in Cleveland.  “If the FBI is watching you for suspected terrorist links, you shouldn’t be able to just go buy a gun with no questions asked,” she said to applause. In a MSNBC interview earlier, she said: “Now that we’re seeing terrorists use these assault weapons, that has to be part of the debate.” Rapid-firing “assault” weapons were used by gunmen in shootings over the past year in Orlando, Florida, San Bernardino, California, and Garland, Texas. Efforts in Congress to curb weapons proliferation have gained some steam following past mass shootings, only to die amid opposition from the National Rifle Association gun lobby. An NRA spokesman did not immediately comment on Monday on the renewed calls for gun curbs. The December 2013 killings of 20 children and six adults at a Connecticut elementary school prompted a push for expanded background checks on gun sellers and banning assault weapons. The initiative collapsed in April 2014, when the legislation failed to get enough votes in the U.S. Senate to clear a procedural hurdle. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump used Sunday’s shooting as an example of why Americans needed guns, and charged that Clinton, his likely opponent in the Nov. 8 election, wanted to leave “only the bad guys and terrorists with guns.” Trump declared in a speech in Manchester, New Hampshire, that he would be meeting with the NRA, which has endorsed him, “to discuss how to ensure Americans have the means to protect themselves in this age of terror.” Mateen, who was shot and killed by police who stormed the club, had been investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation for saying he supported two Islamist groups, a statement he later said he made only to disturb his co-workers. He was questioned again in July 2014 for his connection to an American suicide bomber for al-Nusra, an al Qaeda offshoot, but the inquiry was dropped after the FBI found only a “casual” relationship between the two men.  U.S. Senator Ron Johnson, a Wisconsin Republican, said additional gun curbs would restrict Americans’ freedoms without necessarily preventing attacks.  “He didn’t commit this terrorist act for a couple years,” after being taken off the watch list, Johnson said on CNN. “The enormous challenge we have, the vexing problem is, what do you do with the not-guilty-yet?” ",1
9150,U.S. lawmakers disrupt Orlando 'moment of silence' over gun policy,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives erupted in shouting on Monday as lawmakers held a moment of silence to honor the victims of the Orlando mass shooting as Democrats protested the Republican-led chamber’s refusal to consider tighter gun regulations. After Speaker Paul Ryan, the House’s Republican leader, called for the moment of silence, Representative James Clyburn asked for recognition to ask about guns. Clyburn, the number three House Democrat, is from South Carolina, where a gunman killed nine people at the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church a year ago on Friday. Ryan ruled Clyburn out of order, and the chamber erupted with shouts of “No Leadership,” and chants of “Where’s the bill? Where’s the bill? Where’s the bill?” from Democrats. Several Democrats had said they would not participate in a moment of silence to mark the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history, in which a gunman killed 49 people and wounded 53 at a gay nightclub in Orlando. They said they were frustrated that Congress does not respond to mass shootings with more than symbolic gestures. ",1
9151,Obama will deliver a statement Tuesday on Orlando attack: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama will deliver a statement to the press on Tuesday morning following a meeting of his National Security Council on the attack in Orlando, Florida, and efforts to defeat the Islamic State militant group, the White House said on Monday. ",1
9152,Obama to travel to Orlando on Thursday: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama will travel to Orlando, Florida, on Thursday to pay respects to families of the victims of Sunday’s shooting at a nightclub, the White House said on Monday. ",1
9153,Ex-California lawmaker to plead guilty in corruption case: prosecutors,"LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A former California state senator accused of taking cash bribes and gifts from a businessman and from undercover FBI agents posing as Hollywood filmmakers to steer legislation in their favor has agreed to plead guilty to mail fraud, federal prosecutors said on Monday. Ronald Calderon, 58, a Democrat indicted in February 2014 on two dozen counts of bribery, fraud, money laundering and other charges, will enter his guilty plea this week, a spokesman for the U.S. Attorney’s Office in Los Angeles said. According to the plea agreement, prosecutors have agreed not to ask for a sentence of more than 70 months, although the statutory maximum for the charge is 20 years. Calderon’s attorney, Mark Geragos, could not be reached for comment.  The former lawmaker’s brother, former state Assemblyman Thomas Calderon, pleaded guilty last week to a federal money-laundering charge in connection with the case. The Calderon brothers were members of a political dynasty going back several decades in California before they were ensnared in the federal investigation. “The Calderons have acknowledged their roles in a bribery scheme in which money for them and their families alone was driving legislation that would have benefited only a few individuals,” U.S. Attorney Eileen Decker said.  The 2014 indictment accused Ronald Calderon of taking bribes from California hospital owner Michael Drobot to preserve a legislative loophole that allowed Drobot to defraud the state’s healthcare system out of hundreds of millions of dollars. According to the plea agreement, filed in U.S. District Court in Los Angeles on Monday, Drobot hired Calderon’s son while he was in college, paying him some $30,000 for three summers of work. Drobot has agreed to plead guilty to separate federal charges and is cooperating in the case, prosecutors have said. Calderon was also charged with accepting money from undercover FBI agents, who he thought worked for an independent Hollywood movie studio, in exchange for supporting an expansion of film tax credits in California. According to the plea agreement, Calderon had the undercover agent hire his daughter for $3,000 a month, make a $5,000 payment toward his son’s  tuition, pay for $12,000 in Las Vegas trips and give $25,000 to a nonprofit group the lawmaker and his brother used to pay themselves. In exchange, Calderon agreed to vote for the film tax legislation and hire the undercover agent’s purported girlfriend for his staff, according to the plea agreement.  ",1
9154,House panel to consider measure censuring IRS chief,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A Republican-controlled oversight committee in the U.S. House of Representatives announced on Monday that it will consider a measure censuring the head of the Internal Revenue Service on allegations related to scrutiny of conservative groups. IRS Commissioner John Koskinen, who is already facing a Republican-led impeachment effort, would be condemned for conduct inconsistent with “trust and confidence” under a measure due to come before the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee on Wednesday. Republicans, including the committee chairman, Jason Chaffetz of Utah, allege that Koskinen failed to comply with a House subpoena as lawmakers sought evidence that the agency targeted Tea Party groups for extra scrutiny. IRS actions came to light in early 2013, months before Koskinen arrived at the agency.  IRS officials had no immediate comment. Koskinen has denied any wrongdoing. Representative Elijah Cummings of Maryland, the oversight committee’s top Democrat, accused Republicans of leap-frogging over the House Judiciary Committee, which is holding its own hearings to determine whether Koskinen committed any wrongdoing. Cummings said government investigators have found no evidence that the IRS targeted conservative groups or that Koskinen obstructed the House investigation. The proposed censure legislation urges Koskinen’s removal from office and would require him to forfeit his pension and other federal benefits. Committee approval would send it to the floor for a vote by the full House.  Legal experts say a congressional censure would not pass constitutional muster if it imposed any penalty.   ",1
9155,Florida nightclub massacre prompts Rubio to reconsider political future,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Marco Rubio, who announced his retirement from the Senate after ending his Republican presidential bid in March, said on Monday he would reconsider his future after being urged to seek re-election in the aftermath of the Orlando nightclub massacre.   The Florida Republican told radio host Hugh Hewitt in an interview that the worst mass shooting in U.S. history “most certainly has impacted my thinking in general, at least, about a lot of things.” But Rubio said he has not considered the rampage from a political perspective. “When it visits your home state, when it impacts a community you know well, it really gives you pause to think a little bit about your service to your country and where you can be most useful to your country,” Rubio said. “My family and I will be praying about all this and we’ll see what I need to do next with my life in regards to how I can best serve.”   Hewitt urged Rubio to remain in the Senate, describing the lawmaker who sits on the Senate intelligence and foreign relations committees as one of the “very few people” who know the security issues raised by Sunday’s rampage. News of the interview brought an attack on Rubio’s voting record from Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid of Nevada, who referred to the Republican repeatedly as “the junior senator” from Florida.  “How can he speak of running for office again when he voted to let potential terrorists buy assault weapons and explosives?” Reid asked on the floor of the Senate. “That is how he voted. The junior senator voted against every gun safety measure.” Rubio, who is also seen as a potential vice presidential running mate for Republican Donald Trump, announced that he would retire from the Senate and take a break from politics after losing Florida’s presidential primary in March to Trump. Before Sunday, Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell and others had urged him to seek re-election, citing polling data that showed he would win re-election and help Republicans retain their Senate majority. Rubio has backed his friend and fellow Republican, Florida Lieutenant Governor Carlos Lopez-Cantera, in Florida’s August primary contest for his Senate seat.    If he were to run for re-election, Rubio would have to decide by a June 24 filing deadline. ",1
9156,Senate Democrats push for new gun control measures,"(Reuters) - Leading U.S. Senate Democrats on Monday urged quick passage of legislation defeated last year to impose additional gun controls in the wake of the weekend mass shooting in Florida. Four Democratic senators, led by Chuck Schumer of New York, the No. 2 Senate Democrat, called for immediate passage of a bill preventing people on “terror watch lists” and other “suspected terrorists” from buying firearms or explosives. Last December, Democrats attempted to pass this legislation but were blocked by Republicans, who said the government could mistakenly place innocent people on watch lists. The new push for legislation came after a man with an assault rifle entered a gay nightclub in Orlando and killed 49 people and wounded 53 others. The gunman subsequently was killed by law enforcement officers. Federal agents had interviewed the gunman twice in recent years. Joining Schumer in calling for passage of the legislation are Senators Dianne Feinstein of California, Bill Nelson of Florida and Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut. Meanwhile, Democratic President Barack Obama on Monday blamed weak gun laws for allowing disturbed individuals to gain access to powerful weapons. Hillary Clinton, the leading Democratic candidate to replace Obama in the White House, said people on watch lists should be barred from buying guns and said there should be a debate about possible restrictions on assault weapons. Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, took a different approach, repeating his call for temporarily banning Muslims from entering the country. The Orlando gunman was born in the United States. His parents were Afghan immigrants.",1
9157,U.S. court skeptical of lawmaker immunity in trading probe,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - A federal appeals court fired skeptical questions on Monday at a lawyer for a U.S. congressional committee and a former staffer who argued that Congress is immune from having to cooperate with an insider-trading investigation. During a hearing, a three-judge panel of the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals appeared to lean in favor of forcing Congress to comply at least somewhat with two subpoenas from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The case is a test of how far securities enforcers may go to police the murky world of “political intelligence,” in which firms seek to gather and sell information for traders.  The SEC is investigating trading in Humana Inc stock in 2013 ahead of a government announcement about physician reimbursement rates, which affect Humana and other health insurers. In court papers, the SEC said it believes a congressional staff member at the time, Brian Sutter, “may have been a source” of an early leak to a lobbyist at the Greenberg Traurig law firm, who then passed the information to a Height Securities analyst, who in turn alerted clients. Lawmakers and their staff are not immune from prosecution under insider-trading laws.  But Sutter and his former employer, the U.S. House of Representatives’ Ways and Means Committee, refused to comply with subpoenas for documents and testimony. Their lawyers argued that they should be shielded from such investigative tactics because, under the legal principles of sovereign immunity and legislative independence, they cannot be questioned without their consent.  Circuit Judge Richard Wesley asked if Sutter went beyond protected activity in talking to the lobbyist. “I don’t care what his job was at the Ways and Means Committee; he wasn’t in charge of insider trading,” he said. William Pittard, a lawyer for Sutter and the committee, said it was not the court’s role to question the motives of congressional staff. SEC lawyer Jeffrey Berger told the court that a ban on insider trading by Congress would be an “empty shell” if the regulator lacked the power to investigate. The appeals court is expected to rule in the next several months. A Humana spokesman could not be reached for comment. A Greenberg Traurig spokeswoman declined to comment. Height Securities said in a statement it has not received a subpoena from or been formally investigated by the SEC. ",1
9158,Trump fights release of video testimony in fraud case,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Lawyers for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Monday filed court papers opposing the release of video showing him being questioned under oath about his Trump University series of real estate seminars. They argued that making public the videos, for which written transcripts are already available, would prejudice Trump’s case. The video is “unnecessary, irrelevant and unjustified,” lawyers for Trump wrote in court papers filed in federal court in San Diego. In legal proceedings, evidence is considered prejudicial if it may interfere with a judge or jury’s objective consideration of the facts. Such evidence can still be presented if it is considered highly relevant to the case.  The Republican candidate has already claimed the federal judge overseeing the case is biased against him because of the judge’s Mexican heritage. Trump may also have concerns about the impact the videos could have outside the courtroom. On Friday, CNN, CBS, the New York Times, and other media outlets asked for the complete deposition transcripts and videotapes to be made available. If released, the videos could provide fodder for campaign commercials against Trump. In lawsuits in California and New York, Trump has been accused of bilking students who paid as much as $35,000 for an opportunity to learn the businessman’s real estate investment strategies. Former Trump University students suing the billionaire claim that they learned little and that their instructors, supposedly hand-picked by Trump, had few qualifications.  During deposition, Trump has admitted that he did not select instructors. His lawyers have argued the “hand-picked” claim amounted to mere sales “puffery” rather than fraud. In court papers arguing for the videos’ release, lawyers for the students argued the images presented nuances not available in the transcripts. “Trump’s tone, facial expressions, gestures and body language... speak volumes to... Trump’s complete and utter unfamiliarity with the instructors and ‘instruction’ that student-victims received,” they said. Trump has said the claims over Trump University are baseless and that students highly rated the programs.  The case is Art Cohen v Donald J. Trump, 13-cv-2519, U.S. District Court, Southern District of California. ",1
9159,Police reveal names of Orlando club shooting victims,"Orlando, Fla. (Reuters) - A day before the Orlando, Florida, nightclub massacre, Luis Vielma, 22, updated his Facebook profile with a picture of himself standing with young people in front of a Disney castle and a caption that read: “True friends who become family.” By Sunday night, his profile was altered to “Remember Luis Vielma” after police confirmed he was among 50 people killed in the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. As authorities frantically tried to notify all the relatives, the Orlando Police Department began publishing the names of victims on a city website on Sunday afternoon. Among them was Vielma, who worked part-time as a rides attendant at the Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey theme park ride, while studying physical therapy at Seminole State College, according to his Facebook profile.      Others included Edward Sotomayor Jr., 34, Stanley Almodovar III, 23, Luis Omar Ocasio-Capo, 20, Juan Ramon Guerrero, 22, Eric Ivan Ortiz-Rivera, 36, and Peter O. Gonzalez-Cruz, 22.  Police killed the gunman, who was identified as Omar Mateen, 29, a New York-born Florida resident and U.S. citizen who was the son of immigrants from Afghanistan, and officials were probing evidence suggesting the attack may have been inspired by Islamic State militants. The sheer number of deaths appeared to overwhelm officials in Orlando, a city of 270,000 people. Orlando police asked mourners to hold off on vigils as they were understaffed to police them.  “We understand our community is grieving and that vigils are being planned but PLEASE hold off on vigils – they represent a serious strain on our limited resources, which we need to dedicate to law enforcement and victims,” the city posted on its official Twitter handle. Sotomayor was a marketing manager at a Sarasota, Florida-based gay-themed travel company. His boss, Al Ferguson, said Sotomayor’s partner was outside the nightclub putting something in the car when the shots rang out. He got a text from Sotomayor telling him he was safe in the bathroom and not to come back into the club. Sotomayor texted again 20 minutes later to say he was OK. That was the last his partner heard from him, Ferguson said.     Sotomayor was a legend in the industry, Ferguson said. He booked tours for entertainer and drag queen RuPaul and put together the first gay cruise to Cuba last year. He was going to announce a second trip on Sunday, but was killed. “Anyone who booked gay cruises knew Sotomayor,” Ferguson told Reuters. “He was a great man.”  In an Instagram post published on Sunday, RuPaul’s Drag Race judge Michelle Visage called Sotomayor “a joy.” “I loved you on so many levels. You were SO SO special and will never be forgotten,” she wrote. “I promise you that.”   Neighbors of Almodovar, a 23-year-old pharmacy technician, said his parents had recently moved back to Puerto Rico after his mother became ill with cancer. He was the youngest in the family. The Facebook page for Almodovar, of Clermont, Florida, was flooded with shocked tributes. “We’ll miss you Stanley. You made an impact on everyone that you came around. A good person and friend,” wrote Mark Nielsen of Deltona, Florida. Images posted to Almodovar’s wall over the years showed him socializing with dozens of friends. “I will always remember you,” Jeannette Molina wrote. “Your beautiful personality and spirit.” ",1
9160,"Orlando shooter traveled to Saudi Arabia in 2011, 2012: MSNBC","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Orlando gay nightclub shooter Omar Mateen made two trips to Saudi Arabia in 2011 and 2012, MSNBC reported on Monday, citing federal officials. MSNBC said the officials did not know what Mateen was doing in Saudi Arabia or whether he met with anyone while there. ",1
9161,Kerry warns against pointing finger at religion after Orlando,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry on Monday warned Americans against pointing a finger at one religion or another after a gunman who pledged allegiance to the Islamic State militant group massacred 49 people at a gay night club in Orlando. “The worst thing we can do is engage in trying to point fingers at one group or one form of sectarianism or another or one religion or another. Those are not the values of our country,” Kerry told reporters as he posed for pictures before a meeting with Cypriot Foreign Minister Ioannis Kasoulides. ",1
9162,Exclusive: Obama administration not pursuing executive order to shut Guantanamo - sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Obama administration is not pursuing the use of an executive order to shutter the Guantanamo Bay military prison after officials concluded that it would not be a viable strategy, sources familiar with the deliberations said. The conclusion, reached by administration officials, narrows the already slim chances that President Barack Obama can fulfill his pledge to close the  notorious offshore prison before leaving office in January. The White House has said repeatedly that Obama has not ruled out any options on the Guantanamo center, which has been used to house terrorism suspects since it was set up in 2001 following the Sept. 11 attacks on New York and Washington. Obama is eager to fulfill his 2008 campaign pledge to close the prison and could still choose to use his commander-in-chief powers, but the option is not being actively pursued, the sources said. Without executive action, the chances of closing the prison would hinge on convincing a resistant Congress to overturn a long-standing ban on bringing possibly dozens of remaining prisoners to maximum-security prisons in the United States.  White House lawyers and other officials studied the option of overriding the ban but did not develop a strong legal position or an effective political sales pitch in an election year, a source familiar with the discussions said.  “It was just deemed too difficult to get through all of the hurdles that they would need to get through, and the level of support they were likely to receive on it was thought to be too low to generate such controversy, particularly at a sensitive (time) in an election cycle,” the source said. Republicans in Congress are opposed to bringing Guantanamo detainees to U.S. prisons and have expressed opposition to transfers to other countries over concern that released prisoners will return to militant activities. They have vowed to challenge any potential Obama executive action in court. At its peak, the prison at the U.S. naval base in Cuba housed nearly 800 prisoners, becoming a symbol of the excesses of the “war on terror” and synonymous with criticism of detention without trial and accusations of torture. Obama has called it a recruitment tool for terrorists. The number of Guantanamo detainees has fallen to 80 now, the lowest since it was opened.  The administration is focusing on getting the number of detainees at the prison down to such a low number, perhaps 20, that the cost of keeping it open could prove unpalatable to Congress. Republican lawmakers remain unswayed. The Guantanamo prison and associated military commissions cost $445 million in fiscal year 2015. That works out to more than $5.5 million a year for each of the 80 remaining prisoners. Thirty of the remaining detainees at Guantanamo have been approved for transfer to foreign countries and the State Department says it will move all of them out this summer. Those who would be left include 10 being prosecuted in military commissions, and other detainees deemed too dangerous to release or transfer. “The administration’s goal is to work with Congress to find a solution to close Guantanamo,” said Myles Caggins, a spokesman for the White House National Security Council. He said the government had made “substantial progress”  moving prisoners to foreign countries and was working to identify more countries for additional transfers. Reviews to determine whether certain prisoners need to remain detained to prevent a threat to U.S. security had been accelerated and would be completed in the coming months, he said. Obama, who issued an order to shut the prison within a year on his first day in office, released his latest plan to close it to Congress in February, but it has not gained traction. The White House has not publicly ruled out the executive order option in part to keep pressure on the Pentagon to move prisoners who have been cleared for release to other countries, one of the sources said. “If Congress ... would finally say no to the president’s plan and the executive order option wasn’t on the table, there was a concern that the wheels could grind to a halt,” said the source familiar with discussions at the White House. Gregory Craig, who served as Obama’s first White House counsel, said that without an executive order, Obama would likely need the cooperation of Congress to shut down the prison. “I think the odds are probably challenging,” Craig said. ",1
9163,"Abortion providers, opponents brace for U.S. high court decision","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - As she waits for the U.S. Supreme Court to rule on a challenge to a restrictive Texas abortion law, Amy Hagstrom-Miller said she hopes she will not have to close up to three of the clinics she operates in the state, but is planning for it just in case.     Hagstrom-Miller founded Whole Woman’s Health, which runs four facilities in Texas that provide abortions and led the legal challenge to the law. She said she has spreadsheets listing staffers who would be laid off if the court allows the law to survive, and is thinking about selling buildings and medical equipment as well as shutting her clinics in Fort Worth, San Antonio and McAllen.     “I would be irresponsible if I didn’t plan,” Hagstrom-Miller said in an interview. The Supreme Court is due to rule by the end of June on whether the Texas law, which imposes strict regulations on abortion doctors and clinic facilities, violates a woman’s constitutional right to end her pregnancy as set out in the landmark 1973 Roe v. Wade ruling. The court has not issued a major abortion-related ruling since 2007.     The law requires abortion doctors to have “admitting privileges,” a type of formal affiliation, at a hospital within 30 miles (48 km) of the clinic. That provision has been implemented. A second provision, not yet in effect, requires clinics to have costly hospital-grade facilities including extensive standards for such attributes as corridor width, room size, floor tiles and the swinging motion of doors. Supporters of the law, passed by a Republican-led legislature and signed by a Republican governor in 2013, say it was enacted to protect women’s health.     Abortion rights advocates say it imposes medically unnecessary regulations intended to shut clinics and has dramatically reduced access to abortion in Texas, the second-most-populous U.S. state with about 27 million people. Getting a clear-cut ruling is complicated by the fact that the court is down to eight justices, split evenly with four conservatives and four liberals, following the February death of conservative Antonin Scalia. One possibility is a 4-4 split that would affirm a lower court’s decision upholding the law but would not set a national legal precedent that could guide other states eager to pass similar statutes. Because it is unlikely one of the court’s liberals would join the four conservatives, there is almost no chance of a  broad ruling upholding the law and giving other states a green light to enact similar measures. Numerous Republican-governed states have considered measures that would restrict abortion availability. For abortion opponents, who no longer have Scalia to cast a fifth vote to tip the balance in their favor, a 4-4 split leaving the Texas law in place may be the best result possible. John Eastman, a professor at Chapman University School of Law in California, an abortion opponent who filed a brief with the high court backing the Texas law, said if the justices cannot deliver a decisive ruling, “It’s not a catastrophe.” “I’d rather have women’s health and safety in some parts of the country than no parts of the country,” Eastman said. Legal fights over similar laws are ongoing in several states, including Mississippi, Louisiana and Wisconsin.     If the court leaves in place the lower-court ruling upholding the Texas law, the number of abortion clinics in the state would drop from the current 19 to nine, abortion providers said. Texas had 41 abortion clinics when the law was passed.     “A 4-4 decision would leave us in the untenable situation where a woman’s ability to get an abortion will depend on where she lives,” said Jennifer Dalven, a lawyer with the American Civil Liberties Union, which opposes restrictive abortion laws.      Another possibility is that the justices strike down the law, or invalidate one of the two provisions at issue while keeping the other. It may be more likely that the admitting-privileges provision, already in effect, would survive, while the hospital-grade facilities requirements, which the justices themselves temporarily blocked, would not. Justice Anthony Kennedy could be the key player in any such scenarios, which would require at least one conservative to join the four liberals. Kennedy is a conservative who in past rulings has endorsed Roe v. Wade, but has voted to uphold some abortion restrictions. “It comes down to Justice Kennedy, and during the argument he didn’t show his hand too much,” said John Seago, the anti-abortion group Texas Right to Life’s legislative director, adding that the ruling could give abortion opponents “ideas about what laws we could pass.” Another possibility is that the court returns the case to a lower court for further proceedings, as Kennedy suggested during March 2 oral arguments. “It’s overwhelming for me when I think what could happen if it’s not a favorable decision,” said Dr. Bhavik Kumar, who performs abortions at two Texas Whole Woman’s Health clinics. “I try not to think about it every minute of every day.” ",1
9164,Obama calls Orlando nightclub shooting an attack on all Americans,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama on Sunday described the worst mass shooting in U.S. history as “an act of terror” and “an act of hate,” saying the massacre of 50 people at a packed gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida was an attack on all Americans. “Today as Americans we grieve the brutal murder, a horrific massacre of dozens of innocent people,” he said in a statement at the White House.  “Although it is still early in the investigation, we know enough to say that this was an act of terror and an act of hate,” Obama said. “We will not give in to fear or turn against each other. Instead, we will stand united as Americans to protect our people and defend our nation, and to take action against those who threaten us.” He ordered the flag at the White House to be flown at half staff to honor the victims.  The shooter, who was identified as Florida resident Omar S. Mateen was killed by police at the nightclub. A top U.S. congressman said Mateen may have pledged allegiance to the Islamic State militant group, but U.S. officials cautioned they had no direct evidence of a connection.   Fifty-three people were wounded in the rampage, which surpassed the 32 people killed in the 2007 massacre at Virginia Tech university. Obama said it was appropriate for the FBI to investigate the massacre as an act of terrorism and said he would “spare no effort” to determine whether the assailant had been inspired or associated with an extremist group. The president also termed the shooting a new reminder of “how easy it is for someone to get their hands on a weapon that lets them shoot people in a school or in a house of worship or a movie theater or in a nightclub,” a reference to other mass killings that have punctuated recent U.S. history.  “We have to decide if that’s the kind of country we want to be,” he said. ",1
9165,Trump says Florida massacre proves he's right on Islamist threat,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump gave an aggressive response to the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history, quickly claiming the attack was the work of an Islamist militant while calling on President Barack Obama to resign and  for Democrat Hillary Clinton to exit the presidential race. For Trump, it was an attempt to frame the attack in Orlando in a light favorable to his campaign for the Nov. 8 presidential election.  Early on Sunday, when few facts were known about the shooting, he boasted on Twitter that it proved he had been right about his warnings over “radical Islamic terrorism.” Trump canceled a planned Monday evening rally in Portsmouth, New Hampshire late on Sunday, because of the shooting, but will go ahead with a major speech at St. Anselm’s College on Monday afternoon. In a tweet just hours after the incident, he wrote:  “Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism, I don’t want congrats, I want toughness & vigilance.”  Trump has made combating the threat of groups such as Islamic State a central part of his candidacy.  It was last December’s attack in San Bernardino, California that killed 14 people that led Trump to propose a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States. Trump re-visited the proposal on Sunday after at least 50 people died in the attack on a gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida.   “What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. I called it and asked for the ban. Must be tough,” Trump wrote on Twitter. In a statement late Sunday, the businessman went further than U.S. officials investigating the shootings by asserting that the attack in Orlando was the work of a “radical Islamic terrorist.” Islamic State, which controls land in Iraq and Syria,  claimed responsibility for the shooting but U.S. officials said they had seen no immediate evidence directly linking the militant group to the massacre. The shooter, U.S.-born Florida resident Omar Mateen, was killed by police. Mateen, 29, called 911 on Sunday morning and made comments saying he supported the Islamic State militant group, officials said.  A Trump supporter played Trump’s speeches on a loudspeaker outside the Port St. Lucie, Florida home of Mateen’s parent’s. “I’m a Cuban citizen and I’m becoming an American citizen on July 6 and I’m going to vote for the first time in my life for Donald Trump,” said Arisley Travieso, 36, who works for a shredding company. Traveiso said he supported Trump because the Republican nominee sees “the problem is Islamic terrorism. He (Trump) has been saying it nonstop.”     Trump ripped Obama for his long-standing refusal to refer to Islamic State and other extremist groups as in part representative of the religion of Islam. “In his remarks today, President Obama disgracefully refused to even say the words ‘Radical Islam’. For that reason alone, he should step down,” Trump said, adding that, “if Hillary Clinton, after this attack, still cannot say the two words ‘Radical Islam’ she should get out of this race for the presidency.” Trump’s day-long barrage of tweets and statements contrasted  with more cautious approaches taken by Clinton, the presumptive Democratic nominee, and her fellow Democrat Obama.     In remarks at the White House, Obama said the investigation into the shootings was ongoing and declined to speculate on the motives of the shooter.  “We’ve reached no definitive judgment on the precise motivations of the killer,” Obama said. “The FBI is appropriately investigating this as an act of terrorism.   Similarly, Clinton, in a statement, called the attack an “act of terror” but did not speculate about the ideology of the gunman. “Law enforcement and intelligence agencies are hard at work, and we will learn more in the hours and days ahead,” said Clinton, who expressed her sympathy for the victims and said “weapons of war” have no place on U.S. streets. Trump’s campaign said that a speech scheduled for Monday that was to be devoted to criticizing Hillary and Bill Clinton would now be centered on national security and counter-terrorism. ",1
9166,"Trump postpones New Hampshire rally over shooting, still plans major speech","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump will postpone a  campaign rally planned for Monday evening in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, because of Sunday’s Orlando shooting, his campaign said. But Trump will go ahead with a major speech at St. Anselm’s College in Portsmouth scheduled for Monday afternoon, the campaign said in a statement, adding that he would hold a rally in the city in the near future. “He looks forward to returning to New Hampshire and discussing the serious threats facing all Americans and his solutions for making this country safe again,” the statement said.   ",1
9167,"Some lawmakers talk gun control after Florida shooting, scant hope for change","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history prompted calls on Sunday by some members of Congress for legislation to tighten control of weapons sales, although there were slim hopes for much change after 50 people were killed at a gay nightclub in Florida. Democratic Senator Robert Casey said he would announce a bill on Monday that would ban anyone convicted of a misdemeanor hate crime from owning a firearm. Under current law, those with felony convictions are prohibited from buying or possessing a gun, but those convicted of misdemeanor hate crimes are not.    Casey planned to make the announcement in his home state of Pennsylvania after a meeting with members of Pittsburgh’s lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community. Lawmakers, including some Republicans, have sought some gun restrictions after earlier mass shootings, but even minor changes failed to gain enough support to become law. Backed by the powerful gun lobby, many members of Congress see controls of weapons sales as a threat to Americans’ constitutional rights. Other Democrats also called for Congress to act after Sunday’s attack in Orlando, some in strong terms. Richard Durbin of Illinois, the No. 2 Senate Democrat, said the killings would prompt debate but not action. “The bottom line is that we allow dangerous people to buy guns in America and that has got to change,” he said. Democratic Senator Chris Murphy said the “epidemic” of gun violence would continue if Congress does not act and also said lawmakers shared responsibility. “Congress has become complicit in these murders by its total, unconscionable deafening silence,” he said in a statement. “This doesn’t have to happen but this epidemic will continue without end if Congress continues to sit on its hands and do nothing – again.” A gunman killed 20 children and six staff members at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown in Murphy’s home state, Connecticut, in 2012. The suspected Orlando attacker, identified as Omar Mateen, 29, a U.S. citizen who was the son of immigrants from Afghanistan, was carrying an AR-15 style assault rifle and a handgun, authorities said. The shooter in Newtown also had an AR-15. Many Republicans, including the presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump, focused on the threat from Islamist militants after the shooting, citing reports that Mateen was inspired by Islamic State. The FBI said Mateen had twice been interviewed after making comments to co-workers indicating he supported militant groups, but neither led to evidence of criminal activity. ",1
9168,Assault rifle used in Florida shooting drives gun control debate,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - When Omar Mateen entered an Orlando, Florida, nightclub on Sunday to carry out the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history, he wielded a weapon that has been used in massacres from California to Connecticut: a military-inspired semi-automatic rifle. Though so-called assault rifles account for a small fraction of the United States’ 30,000 annual gun deaths, they have been used in at least 10 mass shootings since 2011, according to a database compiled by Mother Jones magazine. The prevalence of these firearms has made them a focal point in the debate over U.S. gun laws as opponents say civilians should not own what they describe as “weapons of war.” Backers say they are simply modern rifles enjoyed by millions of law-abiding Americans. In December 2012, Adam Lanza used a Bushmaster XM15 to kill 28 children and adults at the Sandy Hook elementary school in Connecticut before taking his own life with a Glock pistol. Tashfeen Malik and Syed Farook used two assault rifles and two pistols to kill 14 people in San Bernardino, California, in December 2015.  James Holmes carried an assault rifle, a shotgun and two pistols when he killed 12 people in a Colorado movie theater in 2012. Law enforcement officials say Mateen, a 29-year-old U.S. citizen who was the son of Afghan immigrants, carried an AR-15 style assault rifle and a handgun when he killed 50 people and wounded 53 at a gay nightclub in Orlando. He also had an unidentified device, said Orlando Police Chief John Mina. The AR-15 was developed from the U.S. military’s M-16 rifle, used in the Vietnam War in the 1960s. Unlike the military version, the AR-15 is not fully automatic, meaning users must pull the trigger each time they want to fire a shot. Like the military version, many AR-15s combine light weight with a relatively modest recoil. Prominent manufacturers include Smith & Wesson, Sturm Ruger and Remington Arms Co, which faces a lawsuit from some families of Sandy Hook victims who say the rifle should not be sold to civilians. “It is the gold standard for killing the enemy in battle, just as it has become the gold standard for mass murder of innocent civilians,” said Josh Koskoff, a lawyer involved in the case.   The National Shooting Sports Foundation, which represents gun manufacturers, said it would not comment on the Orlando shooting until more facts are known.  The NSSF estimates there are roughly 5 million to 10 million AR-15 rifles owned in the United States, a fraction of the 300 million firearms owned by Americans. Most owners say they use the rifle for target shooting and home defense, although they can be used for hunting as well. Despite their controversial reputation, assault rifles do not often turn up at murder scenes. Handguns accounted for at least 48 percent of all murders between 2010 and 2014, according to FBI data, while rifles - a category that includes more traditional types of long guns - accounted for 2.4 percent. Roughly four times as many people were killed by knives in that period. Still, in the wake of the Orlando shooting several Democratic politicians said Congress should renew a ban on assault-style weapons and large-capacity ammunition magazines that was in place between 1994 and 2004. “It reminds us once more that weapons of war have no place on our streets,” said presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. Research is mixed on whether the assault-rifle ban had a significant impact. Gun manufacturers were able to tweak their designs to get around the ban and crime rates have fallen steadily since the early 1990s, whether or not the ban was in place. The number of mass shootings has increased since it expired.  Any effort to renew the ban would face fierce opposition in the U.S. Congress, where Republicans who control both chambers of Congress have staunchly opposed tighter gun laws and groups like the National Rifle Association have been able to mobilize millions of gun owners against other restrictions. Despite strong support from President Barack Obama, the last attempt at new gun legislation failed in the U.S. Senate in 2013. Opinion polls find that Americans are less enthusiastic about banning assault weapons than other types of gun restrictions, such as expanded background checks. Several polls since 2013 have found between 44 percent and 57 percent of Americans back the idea. Six states and the District of Columbia currently ban assault weapons and two more, Minnesota and Virginia, ban possession by people under 18 years old. Experts say it is difficult to tell whether those laws have had an impact since gun buyers can easily find those weapons in other states. ",1
9169,Ryan on Orlando shooting: 'We are a nation at war with Islamist terrorists',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, commenting on Sunday’s mass shooting in Orlando, said: “As we heal, we need to be clear-eyed about who did this. We are a nation at war with Islamist terrorists.” Ryan, the top elected U.S. Republican, also said in a statement he had ordered flags above the Capitol to be flown at half-staff in honor of the victims of the attack. (spkrryan.us/1U8a60L) ",1
9170,Senator Dick Durbin calls for Congress to pass new gun law,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senator Dick Durbin, of Illinois, called for Congress to pass a new gun control law or the legislative body would be “complicit in the next killing.”  “We have the power to act, and we must,” Durbin, who is the second-ranked Democrat in the Senate, said. “The bottom line is that we allow dangerous people to buy guns in America and that has got to change. In the coming days, Congress must take a stand against hate, terrorism, and this horrific gun violence.” ",1
9171,"After Orlando shooting, Donald Trump reiterates Muslim ban","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump, saying that he had predicted attacks on American soil by terrorists, reiterated his call for a ban on foreign-born Muslims entering the country, in a comment posted on Twitter.  “What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. I called it and asked for the ban. Must be tough,” Trump wrote on Twitter.  ",1
9172,Trump calls on President Obama to resign in wake of Orlando shooting,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump called on President Barack Obama to resign from office because he did not say the words “radical Islam,” in a statement in response to the Orlando massacre where 50 people were killed.  “Because our leaders are weak, I said this was going to happen – and it is only going to get worse,” Trump said in a statement. “I am trying to save lives and prevent the next terrorist attack. We can’t afford to be politically correct anymore.” Trump’s campaign said he will address the attacks in a speech he already had scheduled to deliver on Monday addressing national security and responding to criticism from Democratic rival Hillary Clinton.  ",1
9173,Texas politician slammed for tweet sent after Florida shooting,"AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - The office of Texas Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick, a Republican and evangelical Christian, on Sunday deleted a tweet many saw as offensive and insensitive that was sent out shortly after the deadly attack on a gay nightclub in Florida. “Do not be deceived: God cannot be mocked. A man reaps what he sows,” read the Bible verse Patrick sent out on his official Twitter account a few hours after the worst mass shooting in U.S. history that left at least 50 dead. His office was not immediately available for comment but has told local media, including the Dallas Morning News, that the tweet had been scheduled for release well before the shooting. The office, which regularly sends out a Bible verse on Sundays, has since deleted it and replaced with another passage, they said.  But the deleted tweet from a politician who has condemned same-sex marriage and fought against LGBT rights still raised the ire of those who accused Patrick of blaming the victims. “You are a disgrace to your state in this time of national sorrow. You should resign,” prominent LGBT activist George Takei wrote on Twitter. The Texas Democratic Party called on Patrick to apologize immediately. “Make this right. We are better than this,” it said in a statement. Patrick is currently out of the country and has not yet made  comment to media about the tweet. The new verse sent on his account reads: “The salvation of the righteous comes from the Lord; He is their stronghold in time of trouble.” ",1
9174,Obama's remarks on Orlando shooting: 'We will not give in to fear',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama on Sunday said Americans would stand united and “not give in to fear or turn against each other” in the wake of a nightclub shooting in Orlando, Florida, that killed 50 people. Following is the full text of remarks, Obama delivered at the White House: Today, as Americans, we grieve the brutal murder - a horrific massacre - of dozens of innocent people. We pray for their families, who are grasping for answers with broken hearts. We stand with the people of Orlando, who have endured a terrible attack on their city. Although it’s still early in the investigation, we know enough to say that this was an act of terror and an act of hate. And as Americans, we are united in grief, in outrage, and in resolve to defend our people. I just finished a meeting with FBI Director Comey and my homeland security and national security advisers. The FBI is on the scene and leading the investigation, in partnership with local law enforcement. I’ve directed that the full resources of the federal government be made available for this investigation. We are still learning all the facts. This is an open investigation. We’ve reached no definitive judgment on the precise motivations of the killer. The FBI is appropriately investigating this as an act of terrorism. And I’ve directed that we must spare no effort to determine what - if any - inspiration or association this killer may have had with terrorist groups. What is clear is that he was a person filled with hatred. Over the coming days, we’ll uncover why and how this happened, and we will go wherever the facts lead us. This morning I spoke with my good friend, Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer, and I conveyed the condolences of the entire American people. This could have been any one of our communities. So I told Mayor Dyer that whatever help he and the people of Orlando need - they are going to get it. As a country, we will be there for the people of Orlando today, tomorrow and for all the days to come. We also express our profound gratitude to all the police and first responders who rushed into harm’s way. Their courage and professionalism saved lives, and kept the carnage from being even worse. It’s the kind of sacrifice that our law enforcement professionals make every single day for all of us, and we can never thank them enough. This is an especially heartbreaking day for all our friends - our fellow Americans - who are lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender. The shooter targeted a nightclub where people came together to be with friends, to dance and to sing, and to live. The place where they were attacked is more than a nightclub - it is a place of solidarity and empowerment where people have come together to raise awareness, to speak their minds, and to advocate for their civil rights. So this is a sobering reminder that attacks on any American - regardless of race, ethnicity, religion or sexual orientation - is an attack on all of us and on the fundamental values of equality and dignity that define us as a country. And no act of hate or terror will ever change who we are or the values that make us Americans. Today marks the most deadly shooting in American history. The shooter was apparently armed with a handgun and a powerful assault rifle. This massacre is therefore a further reminder of how easy it is for someone to get their hands on a weapon that lets them shoot people in a school, or in a house of worship, or a movie theater, or in a nightclub. And we have to decide if that’s the kind of country we want to be. And to actively do nothing is a decision as well. In the coming hours and days, we’ll learn about the victims of this tragedy. Their names. Their faces. Who they were. The joy that they brought to families and to friends, and the difference that they made in this world. Say a prayer for them and say a prayer for their families - that God give them the strength to bear the unbearable. And that He give us all the strength to be there for them, and the strength and courage to change. We need to demonstrate that we are defined more - as a country - by the way they lived their lives than by the hate of the man who took them from us. As we go together, we will draw inspiration from heroic and selfless acts - friends who helped friends, took care of each other and saved lives. In the face of hate and violence, we will love one another. We will not give in to fear or turn against each other. Instead, we will stand united, as Americans, to protect our people, and defend our nation, and to take action against those who threaten us. May God bless the Americans we lost this morning. May He comfort their families. May God continue to watch over this country that we love. Thank you. ",1
9175,Democrat Hillary Clinton calls Orlando shooting 'an act of terror',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic U.S. presidential candidate Hillary Clinton called the shooting in Orlando, Florida, “an act of terror” that requires the nation to “redouble” efforts to stop similar attacks.  “To the LGBT community: please know that you have millions of allies across our country. I am one of them,” Clinton said in a statement on Sunday.  ",1
9176,Sanders says he will meet with Hillary Clinton on Tuesday,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders said he will meet with his rival Hillary Clinton on Tuesday to press her to embrace his progressive agenda, saying he wants to know what she will stand for if she becomes president. Speaking on ABC’s “This Week” program on Sunday, Sanders did not concede he had lost the Democratic presidential nomination to Clinton, who is leading in Democratic primaries and is the party’s presumed nominee.  Sanders said he and Clinton would discuss “if she wins, what kind of administration she will have.” “What I need to see (is) a commitment that there will be progressive taxation,” he said, saying corporations and billionaires should pay higher tax rates. He repeated his stance that he would do “everything I can” to ensure Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee, will not become president. Sanders said he wanted to see Clinton embrace his view that healthcare should be a universal right in America and public universities should offer education for free. “Will she go as far as I would like her to go?  No, she won’t,” he said. “But I think millions of people want to understand and see is what kind of commitment she has to addressing the real crises in the country.” ",1
9177,Democrats want 'major role' for Sanders: Reuters/Ipsos poll,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bernie Sanders may have lost his bid to become the Democratic nominee for the White House, but party members don’t want the U.S. senator from Vermont to step off the stage. More than three-quarters of Democrats say Sanders should have a “major role” in shaping the party’s positions, while nearly two thirds say Hillary Clinton - who beat him for the nomination - should pick him as her vice-presidential running mate, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll. In a sign that Democrats hope their party can unite after a fierce primary season, two-thirds also said that Sanders should endorse Clinton, a former secretary of state and senator who appears bound for a showdown with Republican Donald Trump in November’s presidential election. Sanders, a self-described Democratic socialist, managed to turn his long-shot run into a mass movement with hard-line proposals to combat wealth inequality, increase access to health care and education, and defend the environment. His challenge to Clinton, one of the best-known figures in American politics, lasted far longer than expected, as he racked up strong results in a number of state nominating contests and stayed in the race even when the delegate count seemed to spell his doom, and yielded record numbers of small donations to his campaign. Sanders so far has not conceded defeat, even though Clinton recently clinched the nomination and won endorsements from President Barack Obama and U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts - a favorite of the same left-leaning voters who supported him. Sanders has said he will continue to push for a liberal agenda heading into the Democratic National Convention in July - when Clinton’s nomination is expected to become official - though he has hinted he does not want his presence to hurt the Democrats’ chances of keeping the White House.  “We will not let Donald Trump become president,” Sanders told supporters last week. The poll, conducted June 7-10 - right after Clinton sewed up the delegate majority to become the presumptive Democratic nominee - showed that while most Democrats want Sanders to line up behind Clinton, about 44 percent would like him to make an independent run for the White House. Some 47 percent said he should not. The poll included 455 respondents and has a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of 5.3 percentage points. ",1
9178,"HP CEO Whitman compares Trump to Hitler, Mussolini","(Reuters) - Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co chief executive and Republican donor Meg Whitman reiterated her opposition to Donald Trump as the party’s presidential nominee and compared him to fascist leaders Adolf Hitler and Benito Mussolini, according to media and two sources. Whitman made the comment Friday at a conference hosted by previous Republican nominee Mitt Romney, while she challenged U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives Paul Ryan on his endorsement of Trump, the Washington Post reported on Saturday. Two participants at the off-the-record session in Park City, Utah confirmed Whitman’s language to Reuters. Whitman could not immediately be reached for comment.      A billionaire and former supporter of failed candidate New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, Whitman has been actively working to stop Trump’s nomination, including fundraising for an anti-Trump Super PAC.  In February, the technology CEO called Trump “unfit” to be president. Since then, Trump has become the presumptive Republican nominee and is likely to run against Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton in the Nov. 8 election. Ryan, addressing the 300 attendees of the session, explained the difficulty he had with the decision to endorse, the Post said, including weathering pressure from House Republicans to lend his backing to Trump.   After weeks of holding out, Ryan endorsed the New York businessman in early June, breaking with a number of establishment Republicans who see Trump’s rhetoric as damaging to the party. The opponents include Romney, Republicans’ 2012 presidential nominee, who chose Ryan as his running mate. Romney has blasted Trump in recent weeks for attacks he has made on the Mexican-American judge presiding over a case against him, with Romney warning on Friday about the effect that “trickle-down racism” could have on the country. As the presumptive nominee, Trump now has to balance maintaining the outsider style that helped propel him to the nomination, while courting Republican insiders, who could be critical to financing a general election campaign against a well-funded Clinton.  Trump on Saturday showed no inclination to make peace with his critics. He went on Twitter to note how Romney “choked like a dog” when he lost to then-incumbent President Barack Obama in 2012 and reiterated it at his campaign stops.  ",1
9179,"Alabama speaker convicted of ethics charges, removed from office","(Reuters) - Alabama House Speaker Mike Hubbard, a powerful figure in state politics, was found guilty on Friday of using his elected office, along with his former post as chair of the state Republican Party, for personal gain, local media reported.  After seven hours of deliberation, a Lee County jury found Hubbard guilty of 12 of the 23 felony ethics charges he faced, convictions that automatically removed him from office, according to Alabamanews.net. “This should send a clear message that in Alabama we hold public officials accountable for their actions,” state Attorney General Luther Strange said on his website. Sentencing for Hubbard is scheduled for July 8. He faces 20 years in prison, Alabamanews.net reported. Hubbard’s attorneys told the news website that they would appeal the convictions. Hubbard was indicted by a state grand jury in October 2014 on charges of using his elected office, along with his former post as chair of the state Republican Party, for personal gain. Hubbard helped guide Republicans to majorities in both houses of the state legislature in 2010 for the first time in 136 years before his indictment.  ",1
9180,"Appeals court ruling will let some Kansas voters register, for now","(Reuters) - Thousands of Kansas residents who signed up to vote at motor vehicle offices but were kept off the rolls by a state law requiring proof of citizenship could be allowed to cast ballots in the November general election, under a ruling on Friday by a U.S. appeals court. Kansas’ secretary of state, Kris Kobach, a Republican who has become a national leader in pushing for voting changes, had asked the 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals to place on hold a decision last month by a lower-court judge ordering the state to begin registering 18,000 residents affected by the law. In requesting the stay, the state said the order to begin to register voters would “result in extraordinary confusion on November 8, 2016.” The Denver-based federal appeals court, however, rejected the argument. “We conclude that defendant-appellant has not made the requisite showing for a stay pending appeal so we deny that motion,” a panel of the appeals court said in its ruling. The appeals court has not yet ruled on the merits of the case. It did not say when it expected it would make a decision, but it granted expedited review. The Kansas law will not affect the state’s status as a safe Republican stronghold in November’s presidential election, but it has thrust Kansas into a national debate over voting restrictions. Representatives for Kobach could not be reached for comment. The ruling comes in a lawsuit brought by Kansas residents who submitted voter applications through state motor vehicle offices but failed to provide proof of citizenship. Under a state law that took effect in 2013, they were required to present a document such as a birth certificate. The American Civil Liberties Union, which represents the plaintiffs, argued in their lawsuit that the statute conflicts with a federal law designed to make it easier to register to vote while getting a driver’s license.  U.S. District Court Judge Julie Robinson, in her May 17 ruling ordering Kansas to begin to register more than 18,000 applicants at Division of Motor Vehicle offices who were kept off the rolls, noted that Kansas could identify only three non-citizens who voted between 2003 and 2013. Under Robinson’s ruling, Kansas residents placed on the rolls can vote in federal but not state elections. Kansas will hold its primaries for state and local elections in August. ",1
9181,"Stung by criticism, Trump vows to work for ethnic harmony","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump offered a message of ethnic harmony on Friday at a Christian evangelical conference as he sought to calm concern about his criticism of a Mexican-American judge. In a departure from his usual freewheeling style, Trump read a carefully scripted speech from a teleprompter as part of a new push by his campaign to tone down the outspoken New Yorker’s harsh rhetoric. Trump’s remarks included a wide-ranging attack on Democratic rival Hillary Clinton, and he said money aimed at resettling Syrian refugees in the United States should instead be spent on tackling poverty in U.S. cities. Speaking to the annual conference of the conservative Faith & Freedom Coalition, Trump did not mention the controversy over his charge that U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel cannot treat him fairly because of his Mexican heritage. But Trump did make a point of saying he would represent all Americans if elected president on Nov. 8. “Freedom of any kind means no one should be judged by their race or their color and the tone of his hue,” Trump said. “Right now, we have a very divided nation. We’re going to bring our nation together.” Paul Ryan, the top elected U.S. Republican, had criticized Trump for what he called a “textbook definition of a racist comment” for his remarks about the judge. Other Republican leaders warned Trump to change his tone or risk losing their support. Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican presidential nominee who  led a movement to derail Trump’s nomination, told CNN he would not consider running for the White House. Romney blasted Trump for comments that he said denigrated Mexicans, women and religion. “Presidents have an impact on the nature of our nation, and trickle-down racism, trickle-down bigotry and trickle-down misogyny - all these things are extraordinarily dangerous to the heart and character of America,” he said. Romney said he expects Trump to get the Republican nomination, but said that he will not vote for either Trump or Clinton. He left open the possibility of casting a ballot for the Libertarian Party candidate, former New Mexico Governor Gary Johnson. As Trump sought to rally more Republicans behind him, Clinton met with U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts to try and shore up support from the left wing of the Democratic Party. Clinton later addressed the Planned Parenthood Action Fund, the nonpartisan arm of the women’s health group, and had Trump trained in her sights. “This is a man who has called women pigs, dogs and disgusting animals, it’s kind of hard to imagine counting on him to respect our fundamental rights,” said Clinton, the first woman to become the presumptive presidential nominee of a major party.   Clinton leads Trump by 11 percentage points, nearly the same  as a week ago, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Friday.       Trump on Friday criticized Clinton’s willingness to accept thousands of Syrian refugees into the United States and challenged her to “replace her support for increased refugee admission” in favor of a new jobs program for inner cities.     He stopped short of repeating his call for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States, a proposal that has drawn heavy fire from Republicans and Democrats. “We have to temporarily stop this whole thing with what’s going on with refugees where we don’t know where they’re coming from,” Trump said. “We have to use the money to take care of our poorest Americans so they can come out of this horrible situation that they’re in.” At the funeral on Friday of boxing champion Muhammad Ali, a convert to Islam, one speaker, a rabbi, inveighed against politicians promoting intolerance of Muslims.  “We will not tolerate politicians or anyone else putting down Muslims and blaming Muslims for a few people,” said Rabbi Michael Lerner, the editor of Tikkun magazine, who said he attended the ceremony in Louisville, Kentucky, as a representative of American Jews. Trump said Clinton’s refusal to use the phrase “radical Islamic terrorism” - favored by Republicans to describe violent Islamist militants - makes her unfit to be president. The real estate mogul’s struggle to unify Republicans behind his insurgent candidacy was apparent at the evangelical Faith & Freedom conference, where several speakers studiously avoided speaking his name. Former campaign rival Carly Fiorina steered clear of Trump, speaking instead of the need to prevent liberal policies taking hold.  U.S. Representative Virginia Foxx, a North Carolina Republican, said a Republican president is needed, without mentioning Trump. “We don’t want this contest this fall to just be a contest of personalities,” she said. But conference organizer Ralph Reed was adamant in his support for Trump, saying the New Yorker has energized the evangelical vote in a way that past Republican presidential nominees failed to do. “We understand that perfection is not the measure that should be applied,” Reed told the crowd.         ",1
9182,Romney says he will not consider running for White House,"(Reuters) - Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican presidential nominee who has led a movement to derail Donald Trump’s nomination, said on Friday he would not consider running for the White House. In an interview with CNN, Romney said he will not vote for either Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee, or Democrat Hillary Clinton in the Nov. 8 election. ",1
9183,"Puerto Rico GO bond price dips, rescue bill moves to Senate","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Puerto Rico’s benchmark General Obligation bond fell in price on Friday in choppy trading after the U.S. House of Representatives passed legislation aimed at helping the U.S. territory fix its fiscal mess. The GO bond, carrying an 8 percent coupon and maturing in 2035, last traded at 64.74 points in price, pushing the yield to 13.05 percent from 12.73 percent on Thursday, according to data provided by the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board. According to the MSRB’s Electronic Municipal Market Access database, about $21 million worth of bonds traded versus $14 million the day before. Late on Thursday the House passed the ""Puerto Rico Oversight, Management and Economic Stability Act"" (PROMESA), by a vote of 297-127, with the U.S. Senate expected to take up the bill quickly ahead of a $1.9 billion debt payment due July 1. (Graphic: tmsnrt.rs/1PjZvh5) Puerto Rico has a $70 billion debt load it says it cannot pay and a staggering 45 percent poverty rate. It faces steady migration of its residents to the mainland and a potential humanitarian crisis because it cannot sustain social services. PROMESA, if passed by the Senate and signed into law, would establish a powerful seven-member federal Oversight Board to navigate through the restructurings. Among other things, the board would have the authority to enforce balanced budgets. “It is definitely a step forward, a very good step forward. We think it was necessary. It doesn’t answer all your questions but at least it sets up a framework and does provide fiscal management and oversight which we think was necessary because the credibility of the government is pretty much shot,” said Joe Rosenblum, director of municipal credit research at AllianceBernstein in New York. “We don’t think at these prices we are ready to dip our toes back in and we haven’t seen a lot of trading activity out there, so I think we are in company,” Rosenblum said. PROMESA does not set out specific rules for restructuring, leaving such decisions to the control board to work through with creditors. This is a critical point for municipal bond market investors where long-standing rules set out a hierarchy among creditors, typically with GO bondholders considered senior to all others. “Regardless of how things get restructured today, the fact that the economy continues to shrink and the population continues to shrink is a problem for the credit going forward,” said Craig Brandon, co-director of municipal investments at Eaton Vance in Boston. ",1
9184,House opposes carbon and oil taxes in symbolic votes,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Republican-controlled U.S. House of Representatives voted largely along party lines on Friday to reject any new taxes on carbon emissions and oil production. The two non-binding actions were intended to get Republicans on the record opposing higher taxes on fossil fuels amid industry concerns that they could become part of a new tax reform debate in 2017, according to aides and lobbyists. One resolution opposing a carbon tax as detrimental to the U.S. economy, which was led by House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana and backed by the privately owned Koch Industries Inc, drew support from 237 lawmakers, including 231 Republicans and six Democrats, while 163 Democrats voted against the measure. Democratic lawmakers and environmental groups favor a carbon tax as a way to control emissions. Republican leaders and their industry allies have worried that support for a carbon tax among big oil companies could encourage some Republicans to back such a measure.  A separate resolution against President Barack Obama’s proposed $10-a-barrel oil tax won support from 253 lawmakers, including 230 Republicans and 23 Democrats. One Republican and 143 Democrats voted against the measure. “These taxes would harm businesses and hardworking American families who (are) already struggling with stagnant wages,” Representative Bill Flores, a Texas Republican and former energy industry executive, said in a statement.   ",1
9185,Illinois governor vetoes $3.9 billion FY 2016 spending bill,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Illinois Governor Bruce Rauner on Friday vetoed a bill passed by the Democratic-controlled legislature in April to spend nearly $3.9 billion on state services that have not been funded due to an ongoing fiscal 2016 budget impasse. The Republican governor called the legislation “an empty promise.” “The bill purports to appropriate $3.89 billion, including more than $3 billion in general funds that the state does not have, for higher education and social service providers, but provides no source of funding,” Rauner said in his veto message.  The political stalemate between Rauner and Democrats has left Illinois as the only U.S. state without a complete fiscal 2016 budget, operating instead on court-ordered spending and a muddled patchwork of ongoing and stopgap appropriations. Rauner called on lawmakers to pass complete balanced budgets for the current and next fiscal years, although the governor has proposed funding most fiscal 2017 services with a temporary spending plan and K-12 schools with a full-year budget. Illinois’ new fiscal year begins on July 1. The Democrats’ spending bill passed with enough votes in the Senate to override a veto, but fell short of that margin in the House. The measure would have sent money to cash-starved state universities and colleges, covered tuition grants for low-income college students, and funded health and human services that were not subject to court orders. The measure also appropriated about $63 million for unpaid wage increases owed to about 24,000 unionized state workers.  ",1
9186,Congress eyes $1 billion to aid at-risk families,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Key members of the U.S. Congress said Friday they had reached a compromise to shift more than $1 billion to try to keep struggling families together, including those with babies born dependant on opioids. The proposal is driven in part by an opioid crisis that threatens thousands of families. The bill would allow mental health, substance abuse and parenting assistance whenever a child is deemed at “imminent risk” of entering foster care. The measure also offers support for relatives who unexpectedly assume responsibility for a child when a parent cannot. Under current law, such funds may only be spent after a child enters foster care. A spokesman for the Child Welfare League of America, John Sciamanna, called the proposed change “a landmark…, potentially historic.” The legislation involves more than $1 billion over 10 years. Related opioid bills have not included funding. “This bill would make a historic shift in child welfare funding by offering a way for moms and dads to get help and treatment rather than pitching in only after children are removed from home,” said Sen. Ron Wyden, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee. The bill is a compromise between four powerful members of Congress: Wyden; the Senate Finance committee’s Republican chair, Orrin Hatch of Utah; the Republican chair of the House Ways & Means Committee, Kevin Brady of Texas; and the ranking Democrat on Ways & Means, Sander Levin of Michigan. The plan offers “bipartisan solutions for families and children affected by the opioid addiction crisis,” Hatch said in a statement. In December, a Reuters investigation revealed that at least 110 babies had died since 2010 after being born opioid-dependent and sent home with parents ill-prepared to care for them. No more than nine of the 50 U.S. states followed a federal law requiring them to help those newborns, the news agency found. In response to the Reuters series, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services asked all states to report by June 30 whether and how they are following the existing law, known as the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act. In May, the House passed legislation to improve safety planning for children born dependent on opioid drugs. Reanne Pederson of Devils Lake, N.D., one of the women portrayed in the Reuters series who accidentally smothered her newborn in bed while on drugs, said she was happy to hear about new funding possibilities. “It’s important to me that moms who are struggling with addiction get help,” she said. ",1
9187,Clinton leads Trump by 11 points in White House race: Reuters/Ipsos poll,"(Reuters) - Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump by 11 points in the U.S. presidential race, showing little change after she became the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee this week, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Friday.   The online poll, conducted from Monday to Friday, shows 46 percent of likely voters support Clinton while 34.8 percent back Trump. Another 19.2 percent support neither candidate. Their parties hold conventions in July ahead of a Nov. 8 election. Clinton’s lead was nearly the same a week ago, before she had amassed enough convention delegates to win the nomination and before Trump drew criticism from leaders of both parties for questioning the impartiality of a Mexican-American judge. Trump, 69, enjoyed a bigger boost after becoming the presumptive Republican nominee in May. Having trailed Clinton, 68, for most of the year, Trump briefly erased a double-digit gap and pulled about even with the former secretary of state. Clinton this week defeated party rival Bernie Sanders, 74, in four of six nominating contests, most notably California and New Jersey, and won the endorsements of President Barack Obama, Vice President Joe Biden, Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and other party leaders. Trump this week sparred with party leaders and struggled with questions about his now-defunct Trump University. A lawsuit accuses Trump and the for-profit school of defrauding thousands of people, including many who paid as much as $35,000 to learn Trump’s real estate strategies.  A wealthy businessman who asserts the lawsuit is politically motivated, Trump said presiding U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel was biased against him because of Trump’s plans to build a wall on the border with Mexico. Trump later added that Muslim judges could be biased against him also because of his pledge to temporarily ban Muslims from entering the country. Trump’s comments drew sharp criticism from Republican leaders, including House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. Trump later said he would no longer talk about the judge. Friday’s results had 1,276 respondents and a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of 3.2 percentage points. (Reuters/Ipsos polling results: polling.reuters.com/#!poll/TM651Y15_13/filters/LIKELY:1/type/smallest/dates/20160401-20160610/collapsed/true/spotlight/1) ",1
9188,AFL-CIO political committee recommends Clinton endorsement,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The AFL-CIO political committee on Friday recommended the federation endorse Democrat Hillary Clinton for president, Politico reported.  The site reports the general board is “certain” to approve the endorsement at their June 16 meeting. ",1
9189,U.S. appeals court upholds 'quickie' union election rules,"(Reuters) - A U.S. appeals court on Friday dismissed a bid by construction trade groups to block controversial Obama administration rules designed to speed up union elections, saying the National Labor Relations Board had broad authority to implement them. The Texas-based 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals rejected claims by Associated Builders and Contractors Inc and a Texas chapter that the so-called “quickie” election rules violated employers’ free speech rights and would lead to union harassment of workers.  “The board ... conducted an exhaustive and lengthy review of the issues, evidence and testimony, responded to contrary arguments, and offered factual and legal support for its final conclusions,” Circuit Judge Edith Brown Clement wrote.  The 5th Circuit is considered to be one of the most conservative appeals courts in the country and is a popular venue for legal challenges to Obama administration initiatives. The decision affirmed a 2015 ruling by a federal judge in Austin, Texas. The state’s chapter of the National Federation of Independent Business was also a plaintiff but was not involved in the appeal.  The rules, which took effect in April 2015, have shortened the period between a union filing a petition to represent workers and an election, from the previous median of 38 days to as little as two weeks.  Under the rules, employers cannot bring legal challenges to the way union campaigns are conducted until after an election and are required to share workers’ names and contact details with unions once they file election petitions. The NLRB said the changes were necessary because a small number of companies were intentionally dragging out the election process, sometimes for months, to coerce workers to vote against unions.  Associated Builders and Contractors in its lawsuit said there was no evidence that was common, but the 5th Circuit on Friday said it was not the court’s role “to weigh the evidence pro and con.” NLRB spokeswoman Jessica Kahanek declined to comment. ABC did not immediately return a request for comment. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce and other business-backed groups last year made similar claims in a separate lawsuit challenging the new rules in federal court in Washington, D.C. A judge dismissed the case, and the groups did not appeal.  President Barack Obama in March 2015 vetoed a measure from Republicans in Congress that would have stopped the rules from taking effect. The case is Associated Builders and Contractors Inc v. National Labor Relations Board, 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals No. 15-50497. ",1
9190,Green groups fund-raise against Trump’s climate stance,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s promise to gut U.S. environmental regulations and revive the controversial Keystone XL oil pipeline if elected president is a nightmare for green groups, but it may be a dream come true for their fund-raisers. The country’s biggest environmental groups say the Republican White House hopeful’s pro-drilling and anti-global warming positions have sparked a record wave of donations and volunteer recruitment that could revitalize U.S. green advocacy. Trump has said he would revive the coal industry, pull the United States out of a global climate pact and expand oil drilling.  “We couldn’t have asked for a more powerful motivator than Donald Trump,” Sierra Club Executive Director Michael Brune said. Brune said a spring email blast about the New York businessman to the San Francisco-based group’s members yielded $25,000 in donations, more than twice as much as projected, along with 15,000 new volunteers. The club’s Political Committee, which works directly on projects to engage voters during the election, has raised more than $62,000 this year, compared with just $22,000 at this point in the 2012 election, according to the filings with the Federal Election Commission.     The Washington-based League of Conservation Voters has also gotten a boost. Officials said its annual fund-raising dinner this week pulled in a record haul, which they would not disclose, after the group also used Trump as a focal point of its donor outreach. “It’s been a long time since there has been someone that our movement has so universally wanted to stop,” said spokesman David Willett.  The league’s Voters Action Fund, meanwhile, has raised more than $610,000 in donations so far this year for election-related work, more than triple what it pulled in during the same period of 2012, and more than double that of 2008, according to federal filings. Trump has long signaled his belief that global warming is a hoax. Last month he outlined plans to sweep away environmental regulations ushered in by the Obama administration, scrap the Paris Climate Accord, and revive the Keystone XL - moves that would reverse years of gains by the green movement. A spokeswoman for Trump’s campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment. NextGen Climate, a San Francisco-based environmental advocacy organization founded by billionaire activist Tom Steyer, has called Trump’s agenda “frightening.” But its efforts were also getting some traction from the candidate’s rhetoric.  The group, which has featured Trump in its TV ads to drive voter turnout, said it had seen a 127 percent increase in clicks on its social media postings that mention the candidate compared with those that do not. “There is no question that voters are very engaged when it comes to fighting back against Trump,” said NextGen spokeswoman Suzanne Henkels. Ben Avery, associate fund-raising director of the Sierra Club’s Northwest chapter, said he was happy about the increase in donor support this year but was vexed by the reason behind it. “Bad news is good news for fund-raising,” he said.  ",1
9191,Trump's corporate targets face tricky task in fending off his attacks,"(Reuters) - As the White House race took off last summer, food giant Mondelez International found itself in an unusual position: Republican candidate Donald Trump began delivering broadsides against one of its iconic products, Oreo cookies. “Nabisco is closing a factory in Chicago, and they’re moving to Mexico. No more Oreos. I don’t like Oreos anymore,” Trump told a crowd in New Hampshire on Aug. 14, reacting to reports that Mondelez was shutting down some production lines at its Nabisco subsidiary in Chicago while boosting output in Mexico. Trump’s statement that Mondelez was closing a Chicago factory was erroneous, as the company quickly pointed out, but that didn’t stop him from repeating it. It’s unusual for a top presidential candidate, especially a representative of the business-friendly Republican Party, to attack major U.S. corporations by name.  But over the course of his unconventional campaign, Trump has aimed his fire at a range of companies, mostly for shifting jobs abroad (Ford Motor Co, United Technologies Corp unit Carrier Corp) but also for building products in foreign markets (Apple) and for what he said were violations of antitrust laws (Amazon).  Trump has threatened the companies with boycotts, tariffs, taxes and other punishments. The Trump campaign declined to comment for this story.  Some of the companies saw their share prices dip in the wake of Trump’s criticism while others experienced a small boost. But all of them were presented with a dilemma that’s familiar to the presumptive nominee’s many vanquished Republican rivals: Should they engage with a possible future president known for holding a grudge, possibly inviting more wrath, or should they lie low and risk allowing Trump to define them and to push policies they deem harmful? Most have sought to stay out of the fray even as Trump has kept up the drumbeat of criticism. “I am fighting hard to bring jobs back to the United States Many companies – like Ford, General Motors, Nabisco, Carrier – are moving production to Mexico,” Trump said this week. This was “bad for all Americans,” he said.    It was the first time Trump included GM in his roster of corporate wrongdoers, though the Trump campaign later removed GM from the statement and declined to say why. GM declined comment.      Mondelez, previously known as Kraft Foods, took a different tack. After Trump vowed to boycott Oreos, Mondelez fielded numerous media inquiries and contacted reporters when the company deemed press coverage of his remarks off base, said Laurie Guzzinati, who oversees governmental affairs in North America for Mondelez. The company didn’t engage in any Trump-bashing, though Guzzinati said Trump’s comments were “grounded in inaccuracies.”  She said she told reporters that Mondelez would continue to make Oreos in three locations in the United States, countering the impression Trump may have left that Oreos would no longer be made in the United States. Mondelez’s response tracks closely what crisis management experts recommend for Trump-targeted companies.   Hilary Rosen, a managing director for Washington, D.C., communications firm SKD Knickerbocker, said her firm was representing corporate clients who have been singled out by Trump, though she declined to name them.  Rosen’s advice to clients, she said, is “don’t depend on educating Donald Trump on the truth. People have tried and failed.” Rosen, a Democrat, recommends instead that companies make their case to the journalists who cover Trump, so “Donald Trump does not define you.” None of the companies targeted by Trump acknowledged hiring outside consultants to deal with his criticism. Many declined to comment for this story.  “You’re not going to win in a one-on-one confrontation with Donald Trump. You’re just going to get mired in the mud,” said Juda Engelmayer, senior vice president for crisis management at 5W Public Relations in New York.  Those who have been willing to engage, including Ford Chairman Bill Ford, have avoided getting too personal. Trump has railed against Ford for manufacturing vehicles in Mexico, threatening a tariff of up to 40 percent on “every car, bumper and part” entering the United States from Mexico.  Ford, the great-grandson of the automaker’s founder Henry Ford, called Trump’s critique “distorted” and said the company instead should be “held up as a real success story.”  “We didn’t take the (government) bailout,” during the 2007-2009 recession, Ford told reporters at a conference in Detroit on May 23, contrasting his company with GM and Chrysler. “We paid back our debts. We pulled ourselves up by our boot straps. We are investing in America.”  Crisis management experts said companies targeted by Trump need to be thinking more about the policy implications of his presidency. That means, for example, shoring up support in the U.S. Congress for the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), which Trump has said he wants to renegotiate.    A trade lobbyist who asked not to be named because he has worked with one of the companies Trump has called out said Trump’s attacks do not particularly hurt companies’ reputations in Washington, because policymakers understand presidential campaigns are the “political silly season.” But, he said, they can impact broader efforts on trade and other policies. “I think what this suggests,” he said, “is that there needs to be a concentrated effort by the business community to talk about the benefits of trade.” ",1
9192,Exclusive: Obama approves broader role for U.S. forces in Afghanistan,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama has approved giving the U.S. military greater ability to accompany and enable Afghan forces battling a resilient Taliban insurgency, in a move to assist them more proactively on the battlefield, a U.S. official told Reuters.  The senior U.S. defense official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the decision would also allow greater use of U.S. air power, particularly close air support. However, the official cautioned: “This is not a blanket order to target the Taliban.” Obama’s decision again redefines America’s support role in  Afghanistan’s grinding conflict, more than a year after international forces wrapped up their combat mission and shifted the burden to Afghan troops. It also comes ahead of Obama’s eagerly anticipated decision on whether to forge ahead with a scheduled reduction in the numbers of U.S. troops from about 9,800 currently to 5,500 by the start of 2017. A group of retired generals and senior diplomats urged Obama last week to forgo those plans, warning they could undermine the fight against the Afghan Taliban, whose leader was killed in a U.S. drone strike in Pakistan last month. Under the new policy, the U.S. commander in Afghanistan, General John Nicholson, will be able to decide when it is appropriate for American troops to accompany conventional Afghan forces into the field - something they have so far only been doing with Afghan special forces, the official said. The expanded powers are only meant to be employed “in those select instances in which their engagement can enable strategic effects on the battlefield,” the official said. That means that U.S. forces should not be expected to accompany Afghan soldiers on day-to-day missions. “This added flexibility ... is fully supported by the Afghan government and will help the Afghans at an important moment for the country,” the official said. The decision is a departure from current U.S. rules of engagement in Afghanistan, which impose limits on U.S. forces’ ability to strike at insurgents. For example, the U.S. military was previously allowed to take action against the Taliban “in extremis” - moments when their assistance was needed to prevent a significant Afghan military setback. That definition, however, left the U.S. military postured to assist them in more defensive instances. The new policy would allow U.S. forces to accompany Afghans at key moments in their  offensive campaign against the Taliban. “The U.S. forces will more proactively support Afghan conventional forces,” the official said. The Taliban control or contest more territory in Afghanistan than at any time since they were ousted by a U.S.-backed intervention in late 2001, and U.S. officials have acknowledged the uneven performance of Afghan security forces. Large portions of Afghanistan, including the provincial capital of northern Kunduz and multiple districts of southern Helmand province, have fallen, at times briefly, to the Taliban over the past year-and-a-half. Many other districts and provinces are also under varying degrees of Taliban control. The new authorities that Obama has given the U.S. military could give it greater leeway in addressing the shortcomings of Afghan security forces. Still, experts warn that its hard to predict when Afghanistan will be able to stand on its own against the Taliban, not to mention the country’s enormous economic difficulties and fractious political system. The U.S government’s top watchdog on Afghanistan told Reuters that the United States had wasted billions of dollars in reconstruction aid to Afghanistan over the past decade, and now a renewed Taliban insurgency was threatening the gains that had been made. ",1
9193,Warren to keep up assault on White House hopeful Trump over judge comments,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren will keep up her assault on Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Thursday in a strongly worded speech labeling Trump a racist and accusing the Republican Party of fostering his intolerance. “Donald Trump chose racism as his weapon, but his aim is exactly the same as the rest of the Republicans,” Warren will say in remarks to be delivered at a Washington meeting of the American Constitution Society, a liberal group. Warren, a fiery critic of Wall Street, is a favorite among liberals as a possible running mate for Hillary Clinton, who this week became the presumptive Democratic nominee for the Nov. 8 presidential election. Trump has drawn strong criticism, including from some Republican leaders, for his attacks on Mexican-American U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel, who is overseeing fraud lawsuits against his now defunct real estate training school. The Republican candidate has accused Curiel, an American  born in Indiana, of having an inherent bias against him because of his heritage and Trump’s campaign pledges on curbing illegal immigration, such as building a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border. “Judge Curiel is one of countless American patriots who has spent decades quietly serving his country, sometimes at great risk to his own life,” Warren will say. “Donald Trump is a loud, nasty, thin-skinned fraud who has never risked anything for anyone and serves nobody but himself.”     Thursday’s remarks will be just the latest in a war of words between Trump and Warren. Trump has dubbed Warren “goofy,” and often taunts her on the campaign trail, while Warren has branded Trump a “loser” and last month tweeted that his “record is embarrassing.” Reuters reported on Wednesday that Warren will soon endorse Clinton, after months of remaining neutral in the Democratic primary battle between Clinton and her challenger from the left, U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders. Warren has considered the idea of serving as Clinton’s running mate although she sees obstacles to that choice, sources said. ",1
9194,Mexico steps up dialogue with U.S. firms over economy - minister,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico has increased dialogue with American companies to make the case for bilateral economic ties, a senior official said on Thursday, in an effort to counter anti-Mexican rhetoric in the U.S. presidential campaign. Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump has said Mexico is “killing” U.S. trade, threatening to build a border wall to keep out migrants, block remittances sent home by Mexicans, and raise tariffs against Mexico to protect U.S. jobs. While generally at pains to avoid addressing Trump directly, Mexican government officials have warned that his proposals could do serious damage to both nations’ economies. Paulo Carreno, Mexico’s new deputy foreign minister responsible for North America, was appointed in April to lead a drive to bolster his country’s standing in the United States. Since then, Mexico’s diplomatic network in the United States has stepped up efforts to reach out to business leaders, as well as politicians and academics, Carreno said, keen to stress that his government took no side in the presidential contest. Of the companies Mexico had met, the majority agreed with a model of bilateral economic cooperation based on free trade that did not involve a border wall, or protective tariffs, he said. “They understand the benefit of greater commercial integration, and they live from it in a way,” said Carreno. “They agree that the model we have today is the better one, though of course that’s not to say it can’t be improved.” U.S.-Mexico trade is worth some $500 billion every year and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce says roughly 6 million American jobs depend on it. In addition, an estimated 35 million people in the United States are Mexican or of Mexican background. Mexican business leaders say U.S. companies are crucial allies in their battle to counter Trump’s arguments. Carreno did not detail which companies Mexico was meeting, though senior officials have said previously that those with major operations south of the border are key interlocutors. They include firms like General Electric as well as carmakers General Motors and Ford. Both carmakers have been attacked by Trump in the campaign for investing in Mexico.   ",1
9195,Obama is 'fired up' for Clinton as Democrats seek to unify party,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama formally endorsed Hillary Clinton’s White House bid on Thursday and called for Democrats to unite behind her after a protracted battle with Bernie Sanders for the party nomination. U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts also backed Clinton on Thursday, telling MSNBC’s “The Rachel Maddow Show” that presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was “a genuine threat to the country.” Clinton, the presumptive Democratic nominee, said it “means the world” to her that Obama had her back in a bruising campaign for the Nov. 8 election.  Clinton also said she had the “highest regard” for Warren, a fiery critic of Wall Street, and was “really pleased to have her good ideas and support.” Vice President Joe Biden also waded into the campaign on Thursday. “Whoever the next president is, and God willing in my view it will be Secretary Clinton,” Biden said in a speech at the American Constitution Society in Washington. The Obama endorsement increases pressure on Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, to bow out of the race and lend his support to Clinton so that the party can focus on defeating Trump. “It is absolutely a joy and an honor that President Obama and I over the years have gone from fierce competitors to true friends,” Clinton told Reuters in an interview. After an unexpectedly tough battle against Sanders’ challenge from the left, former first lady Clinton made history when she reached the number of delegates needed to win the party nomination this week. That made her the first woman to lead a major U.S. party as its White House candidate. Obama, who enjoys rising approval ratings as he nears the end of eight years in office, will appear with Clinton on the campaign trail next week in Wisconsin. The two were opponents in the 2008 Democratic presidential primary race, which Obama won, but they buried their rivalry and she served as his secretary of state for four years. Clinton is the 2016 candidate who the White House believes will best safeguard Obama’s legacy. “I don’t think there’s ever been someone so qualified to hold this office,” Obama said of Clinton in a video. “I’m with her. I am fired up, and I cannot wait to get out there and campaign for Hillary.”  Trump assailed the endorsement on Twitter: “He wants four more years of Obama—but nobody else does!”  Clinton’s campaign tweeted a brash response: “Delete your account.” Sanders, who galvanized young voters with his calls for more social equality and measures to rein in Wall Street, has been reluctant to concede the race, despite concerns among leading Democrats that continuing party divisions could hamper Clinton’s efforts to beat Trump. Obama and other senior Democrats are seeking a delicate balance of rallying the party behind Clinton, while not alienating Sanders and his supporters. In what appeared to be an attempt to gently ease Sanders toward giving up his campaign, Obama met the democratic socialist for about an hour in the White House, laughing warmly as they walked into the Oval Office. Although Sanders told reporters afterward that he still planned to compete in the final nominating contest in Washington, D.C., next Tuesday, he said he would work with Clinton to defeat Trump.  Sanders was then welcomed on Capitol Hill by Senator Harry Reid, the top Democrat in the Senate. Reid said the lawmaker from Vermont was in a “good place” with his Democratic colleagues. He suggested that Sanders was close to acknowledging defeat by Clinton. “I didn’t hear a single word about him trying to change the fact that she is the nominee, I think he’s accepted that,” Reid told reporters. In the endorsement video, Obama recalled the party unity that followed his prolonged primary battle against Clinton in 2008. “Secretary Clinton and Senator Sanders may have been rivals during this primary, but they’re both patriots who love this country and they share a vision for an America that we all believe in,” Obama said. Warren told MSNBC she was endorsing Clinton because “a female fighter in the lead is exactly what this country needs.” Warren’s populist credentials will boost Clinton’s ability to court Sanders voters as she prepares to battle Trump. Warren was the only female Democratic U.S. senator who did not endorse Clinton during the primary race. Clinton told Reuters she and Warren had similar views about issues such as economic policy and protecting the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform law and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which Warren pushed to start.  Trump said in an interview with Reuters last month that he would try to dismantle the Dodd-Frank law. In the interview with Reuters, Clinton said her overall economic package, including plans to rein in Wall Street and cut taxes for the middle class, would come during the first 100 days of her presidency if she defeats Trump. Clinton previously said a plan to generate jobs by investing in transportation and other infrastructure spending and immigration reform would be among other early priorities. “One of the things that President Obama said yesterday is he thought his job was to remind the American people what a really serious job this is, the tough choices, the hard decisions, the high stakes in choosing a president and commander in chief,” Clinton said. “And I know how important it is to get off to a really good start in the White House,” she said.     Trump, a wealthy real estate developer who became the party’s presumptive nominee last month after seeing off a large group of rivals, is well behind Clinton’s campaign in terms of fundraising and policy infrastructure. On Thursday, his top donors were holding their first official meeting in New York. Trump also met with industry leaders in New York at an event organized by oil billionaire Harold Hamm.   ",1
9196,U.S. House passes Puerto Rico debt relief bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Following months of internal wrangling, the U.S. House of Representatives, on Thursday passed legislation creating a federal control board to help Puerto Rico cope with crippling debt that is wreaking havoc throughout the island’s economy. By a vote of 297-127, the House approved the bill, sending it to the Senate for consideration. Some leading Democratic senators have voiced concerns about provisions, including one that potentially could reduce the minimum wage for young Puerto Ricans. But given the overwhelming support in the House and a looming July 1 deadline for Puerto Rico to make a $1.9 billion debt payment, senators may be hesitant to delay or tinker very much with the bill. Following the House vote, the White House in a statement urged the Senate to act promptly “so the president can sign the bill into law ahead of the critical July 1st debt payment deadline.” The legislation was bolstered by rare bipartisan cooperation between the White House and the House’s Republicans and Democrats over the past six months. House Speaker Paul Ryan urged Congress to act quickly on the “Puerto Rico Oversight, Management and Economic Stability Act” (PROMESA), warning lawmakers of a “deepening crisis” on the island. “Now the island is shutting down,” Ryan said, with “closed schools; hospitals are beginning to close, that’s today. Tomorrow there could be policemen without cars, there could be blackouts at hospitals.” Nevertheless, some lawmakers feared that allowing Puerto Rico to restructure its $70 billion debt in a way that changes the seniority of the creditors - for instance by making them all equal or subordinated to pensioners - would set a bad precedent for other U.S. states with debt problems. Puerto Rico does not enjoy Chapter 9 bankruptcy protection, unlike the 50 U.S. states. The territory, which has a 45 percent poverty rate amid high unemployment, is also plagued by a growing migration of residents to the U.S. mainland. Puerto Rico’s debt problems come as its government and healthcare industry struggle to contain the spread of the Zika virus, which is blamed for severe birth defects and other neurological diseases.  On Tuesday, Aeromed, the island’s only active air ambulance company, announced it was suspending its services, blaming the large government debt.     The oversight board would be tasked with working with investors on restructuring the U.S. territory’s $70 billion debt. Before passage, the House approved an amendment giving priority to protecting federal taxpayer investments in Puerto Rico, such as mass transportation assets. Representative Raul Grijalva, like many Democrats, criticized major elements of the bill but argued it was the best possible in the Republican-controlled Congress. “The oversight board is too powerful and is yet another infringement on the sovereignty of the people of Puerto Rico and they are right to find it offensive,” Grijalva said.   Despite its support for the overall bill, the White House noted that minimum wage and other labor provisions “further exacerbate the economic disparities between Puerto Rico and the mainland United States” and “do nothing to address the (debt) crisis.” Supporters praised PROMESA for not using taxpayer funds to help the island reschedule its debt. Failure to pass it, they warned, could put Congress in the difficult position of ultimately overseeing a massive bailout of Puerto Rico. But lawmakers have been buffeted by an opposition lobbying campaign by some hedge funds, which fear losing part of their investments from oversight board decisions. ",1
9197,Emails in Clinton probe dealt with planned drone strikes: WSJ,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Emails between U.S. diplomats in Islamabad and State Department officials in Washington about whether to challenge specific U.S. drone strikes in Pakistan are at the center of a criminal probe involving Hillary Clinton’s handling of classified information, the Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday. The 2011 and 2012 emails were sent via the “low side” -government slang for a computer system for unclassified matters - as part of a secret arrangement that gave the State Department more of a voice in whether a CIA drone strike went ahead, according to congressional and law enforcement officials briefed on the FBI probe, the Journal said. Some of the emails were then forwarded by Clinton’s aides to her personal email account, which routed them to a server she kept at her home in suburban New York when she was secretary of state, the officials said, according to the newspaper. Investigators have raised concerns that Clinton’s personal server was less secure than State Department systems, and a recent report by the State Department inspector general found that Clinton had broken government rules by using a private email server without approval, undermining Clinton’s earlier defenses of her emails.    The still-secret emails are a key part of the FBI investigation that has long dogged Clinton’s presidential campaign, the officials told the Journal. Clinton this week clinched the Democratic presidential nomination for the Nov. 8 election and was endorsed by President Barack Obama on Thursday. The White House rebuffed questions by reporters on Thursday on whether Obama’s endorsement might be seen as unduly influencing a criminal investigation by the U.S. Justice Department involving Clinton. White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters that Obama “has reiterated his commitment to this principle that any criminal investigation should be conducted independent of any sort of political interference.” The emails, which did not mention the “CIA,” “drones” or details about the militant targets, were written within the often-narrow time frame in which State Department officials had to decide whether or not to object to drone strikes before the CIA pulled the trigger, the officials said, according to the Journal. Law enforcement and intelligence officials said State Department deliberations about the covert CIA drone program should have been conducted over a more secure government computer system designed to handle classified information, the Journal reported. ",1
9198,Senator Warren endorses Clinton for president,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren endorsed presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton on Thursday. “I am ready to get in this fight and work my heart out for Hillary Clinton to become the next president of the United States and to make sure that Donald Trump never gets any place close to the White House,” the Massachusetts senator said in an interview on MSNBC’s “The Rachel Maddow Show.” ",1
9199,S&P ratchets up pressure on Alaska over budget,"(Reuters) - S&P Global Ratings warned on Thursday that the credit rating for key Alaska bonds could go down if lawmakers fail to agree on a budget that addresses the state’s long term-fiscal problems.  Alaska Governor Bill Walker convened a special session of the legislature late last month aimed at passing a budget for fiscal 2017 and closing the state’s nearly $4 billion deficit, which has been driven by a collapse in global oil prices.  S&P on Thursday put the state’s AA-plus general obligation, AA appropriation, and A-plus moral obligation ratings on Alaska’s debt on CreditWatch with negative implications.  The bond proceeds are expected to pay for several transportation-related projects.  “The CreditWatch placement indicates that we may lower Alaska’s credit rating if state policymakers defer adopting fiscal reforms to correct the state’s structural budget deficit,” said Gabriel Petek, a S&P Global Ratings credit analyst.  Since the special session began late last month the legislature has passed a $4.4 billion spending plan for fiscal 2017 and a bill to reduce the cost of the state’s oil and gas tax credit program, S&P said.  But it is unclear if a hotly contested bill that would transfer money from the state’s permanent fund to its general fund will overcome opposition in the state House of Representatives. The bill, SB 128, would reduce the amount paid out to residents annually from the fund. Even if it passes, S&P said it remains to be seen whether SB 128 and other fiscal reforms would be sufficient to put Alaska’s fiscal structure on a sustainable trajectory.  “Enactment of SB 128 alone would shrink the deficit, but it wouldn’t eliminate it. In order to fully close the structural fiscal gap, other measures – such as new income tax or more spending cuts – would also be necessary,” S&P said.  Despite the budget deficit, S&P said Alaska continues to have very strong credit quality due to the large reserves it built up over times when oil prices were high.  ",1
9200,"U.S. Congress scrutinizes pay TV billing, competitive practices","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. Senate panel disclosed Thursday it is investigating pay TV competition and customer service issues and will call executives from top cable and satellite providers to testify. The investigation comes as the U.S. cable and satellite TV industry ranks among the lowest in consumer surveys over billing and other practices.  Senators Rob Portman, an Ohio Republican who chairs a panel on investigations and Claire McCaskill, a Missouri Democrat, said in a statement Thursday that they will hold a June 23 hearing that will include testimony from Comcast Corp, Charter Communications, DirectTV, a unit of AT&T Inc and Dish Network Corp. The pair said in a joint statement the panel has been investigating the largest cable and satellite TV companies for more than a year, looking at potential barriers to competition in the industry, “including the difficulties faced by companies attempting to create innovative new television delivery models.”  The committee has also been examining billing, fees, refunds and other customer service issues. “We believe our hearing will be a big step forward for consumers, allowing them to understand how their TV providers really work and make informed decisions about their video service,” the pair said.  Comcast declined to comment. Charter, which completed its acquisition of Time Warner Cable and Bright House Networks in May, said in a statement “our overall customer satisfaction ratings are trending in the right direction. Call volume into our call centers is declining, as are service calls.” The senators noted that a recent American Customer Satisfaction Index survey found pay television service ranked near the bottom of the 43 industries surveyed - a year after the pay-TV industry tied for the lowest score among all industries ranked. The hearing follows a Federal Communications Commission proposal to allow consumers to swap pricey cable and other pay TV boxes for cheaper devices and apps, a change that would boost competition in the $20 billion television set-top box market. The proposal would let customers get video services from providers like Alphabet Inc, Apple Inc and Tivo Inc. It set off a lobbying battle between tech companies eager to tap into the market and cable and TV companies which could lose billions of dollars in rental fees. The FCC says 99 percent of U.S. customers now must get their boxes from their cable companies, and they pay on average $231 a year to lease the devices. Cable companies say the video marketplace is already evolving as more customers replace traditional pay TV services with streaming internet video. ",1
9201,"Bernie Sanders-style, grassroots effort a likely model, say Trump donors","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s presidential campaign is likely to launch a small donor fundraising effort akin to the grassroots one that powered another insurgent presidential contender, Democrat Bernie Sanders, according to two top donors who attended the first official meeting of Trump’s national finance team.  The Trump finance machine kickoff took place at New York City’s Four Seasons Hotel amid growing concerns about the Republican presidential candidate’s lack of a campaign infrastructure heading into a Nov. 8 election battle against presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. “The pitch to this group in the room was a traditional pitch, but the backroom discussion was, because of this being a populist movement, there’s going to be significant outreach to, you know, those who give $1, $2, $20,” said Trump Texas fundraising co-chairman Gaylord Hughey. “There’s a huge opportunity there.” Sanders, who has effectively lost the 2016 presidential nomination to Clinton, broke fundraising records during his long-shot bid for the presidency, collecting more than $210 million through more than 7.4 million individual contributions, averaging $27 apiece.    Trump could well find his supporters eager to pitch in $1, $5 or $20. For a story in May, Reuters found that nearly all three dozen Trump supporters it interviewed were not only unmoved by Trump’s about-face to accept money from outside donors, they said they would also happily contribute. The Trump campaign did not respond to requests for comment about replicating the fundraising apparatus of Sanders, a democratic socialist U.S. senator from Vermont. Some donors were fearful of the late start of Thursday’s gathering. Normally such a meeting would take place two years earlier in a candidate’s campaign. But others in attendance said they left assured that Trump would be able to easily plug into the Republican National Committee’s robust infrastructure. Trump, a wealthy businessman, became the presumptive Republican nominee last month after seeing off 16 rivals in a largely self-funded primary campaign. The gathering featured talks by Trump, campaign manager Corey Lewandowski, chief strategist Paul Manafort, Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus, former rival-turned-ally Governor Chris Christie of New Jersey and Republican fundraisers Ray Washburne and Lew Eisenberg. Trump’s late start on fundraising has raised questions about whether he can achieve his previously stated aim of raising $1 billion before November. On the Democratic side, Clinton’s well-oiled operation is well ahead of schedule. Trump is also pulling back from his earlier statements on his fundraising goal. Campaign manager Lewandowski told Reuters on Wednesday that he sees no need for Trump to raise that sum and that Trump may be able to stick to his low-cost style of campaigning. That includes garnering free media, which is estimated will reach a value of $5 billion by November, according to media analytics firm mediaQuant. That is more than double what Clinton is likely to get, mediaQuant says. While Trump shot to the top of the Republican race with freewheeling rhetoric, insults of rivals and promises to get tough on issues such as illegal immigration, even his biggest donors say they are discouraged by the candidate’s attacks in recent weeks on a Mexican-American judge. In comments that have been widely condemned, Trump has suggested that U.S. Federal Judge Gonzalo Curiel, who is presiding over a case against Trump University, has an inherent bias because of his heritage. “He needs to stop the campaign infighting, shut up and stop calling an American who was born in Indiana a Mexican,” said Texas billionaire Doug Deason. ",1
9202,"Clinton tells Trump: 'Delete your account,' fueling Twitter war","(Reuters) - The U.S. presidential election battle between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump has barely begun but their Twitter war is on. After receiving President Barack Obama’s endorsement on Thursday to succeed him in the White House, Clinton, who this week clinched the Democratic nomination for the Nov. 8 election, tweeted she was honored to have his support and “fired up and ready to go.” Trump, who has made extensive use of Twitter during his insurgent Republican presidential campaign, took the opportunity to tweet back: “Obama just endorsed Crooked Hillary. He wants four more years of Obama—but nobody else does!” Clinton’s account quickly responded: “Delete your account,” in a tweet to her 6.7 million Twitter followers. Within minutes, the phrase, a popular form of online dismissal, became Clinton’s most popular tweet ever, with more than 194,000 retweets and 213,000 likes.  Prominent Republicans rushed to their presumptive nominee’s aid, taking thinly veiled shots at Clinton’s use of a private email server while secretary of state.  “.@HillaryClinton If anyone knows how to use a delete key, it’s you,” tweeted Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus.   Clinton has repeatedly said she chose “not to keep” some 30,000 emails her lawyers deemed personal, which has been widely interpreted as meaning she deleted the personal emails. Trump later rejoined the battle, tweeting: “How long did it take your staff of 823 people to think that up—and where are your 33,000 emails that you deleted?” ",1
9203,U.S. representatives question bank regulator on whistleblowers,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Leaders of the congressional committee that investigates data breaches and computer hacking blasted the main U.S. banking regulator on Thursday for possibly jeopardizing the work of its inspector general, an internal watchdog, and hunting out potential whistleblowers.  Part of the House Science Committee for months has been looking into the theft of thousands of records from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp, including two breaches in which workers downloaded more than 10,000 sensitive and private records onto portable storage devices before leaving the agency’s employ. In a letter to FDIC Chairman Martin Gruenberg, Lamar Smith, the committee’s chairman, and Barry Loudermilk, chairman of the subcommittee on oversight, described an agency slow to cooperate with lawmakers that fails to conduct “good faith” searches for requested information. Moreover, the two, both Republicans, said the FDIC had gathered and reviewed internal communications of its inspector general’s office while collecting documents that the committee had requested.  By law, inspectors general are independent. They function as the ethical and legal consciences of federal agencies, rooting out fraud and mismanagement, often with information provided confidentially by employees. “Not only is the committee troubled that the FDIC continues to withhold pertinent and responsive information to its cybersecurity posture,” it is “even more concerned by the FDIC’s gathering and review” of the inspector general office’s internal communications, they wrote. That could compromise the inspector general’s “ability to conduct its work in a manner uninhibited by the very agency it was created to oversee,” they added. The FDIC was not immediately available to comment. When the committee received documents from the FDIC earlier this week, the lawmakers said, it noticed a “distinct watermark included on each page.”  “Given the committee’s concerns about potential retaliation against whistleblowers discussed in previous letters to the FDIC, the FDIC’s inclusion of a novel watermark raises serious questions about whether the agency it attempting to identify the source of committee materials,” they said. They added that some of the watermarked pages covered communications between the inspector general and FDIC employees, raising concerns that the agency is attempting to identify confidential informants. The committee is demanding that the FDIC send it information on actions to protect whistleblowers and inspector general communications by Monday, June 13. ",1
9204,Senator Warren to endorse Clinton Thursday night: Boston Globe reporter,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts will endorse fellow Democrat Hillary Clinton for president on Thursday night, a Boston Globe reporter said on Twitter, citing a Warren source. Warren, who has a strong following in the progressive movement, will declare her support on MSNBC’s “The Rachel Maddow Show” on Thursday night at 9 p.m. EDT, reporter Annie Linskey said.  ",1
9205,Michigan lawmakers approve Detroit school rescue package,"(Reuters) - Legislation approved by Michigan lawmakers on Thursday to bail out the Detroit Public Schools (DPS) will keep the district operating, but falls short on funding to fix its crumbling buildings, according to school officials. The bill package, approved over objections by Democratic lawmakers, creates a new, debt-free district governed by an elected school board, while leaving the current district in place solely to levy property taxes to pay off outstanding debt. DPS, which has nearly 46,000 students, has been under state control since 2009 because of a financial emergency. The American Federation of Teachers-Michigan and Detroit Federation of Teachers criticized the lack of a bipartisan compromise in a joint statement on Thursday. “These bills are a statement by non-Detroit Republicans that they know what is best for Detroit, a city that is overwhelmingly people of color,” the groups said. “It has been this attitude that resulted in Detroit Public Schools’ massive debt, low academic performance and a ‘wild west’ system of school openings.” Under the measures approved on Thursday, Michigan would commit $617 million from the state’s share of a tobacco settlement in annual increments of $72 million for the new Detroit Community School District. An emergency state loan for transition costs was capped at $150 million, with only $25 million of that amount available for capital improvements, less than the overall $200 million sought by DPS. “We also look forward to working creatively with the governor’s office, the state superintendent, and the Michigan Department of Education to identify the remainder of the critical resources necessary to educate our students,” DPS state-appointed transition manager Steven Rhodes said in a statement. A smaller bailout passed by the House in May raised concerns that DPS would run out of cash later this summer. Republican lawmakers contended the final $617 million bailout legislation would prevent DPS from filing for municipal bankruptcy even though Rhodes, a former federal bankruptcy judge, has said such a move would be ineffective because much of the district’s debt is guaranteed by the state. Democrats objected to the absence of a Detroit Education Commission to oversee the opening and closing of public and charter schools in Detroit. The House and Senate approved the package with a series of votes late Wednesday and early Thursday, sending the legislation to the desk of Republican Governor Rick Snyder, who signaled in a statement that he supports it.  ",1
9206,White House says Obama's endorsement of Clinton was no surprise to Sanders,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Following President Barack Obama’s endorsement of presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, the White House on Thursday said that Clinton’s rival, Senator Bernie Sanders, was not surprised by the nod of support.  “The president has had the opportunity to speak to Senator Sanders now three times in the last week, and as a result of those conversations, I think it’s fair to say that Senator Sanders was not at all surprised by today’s announcement,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest said at the daily press briefing. ",1
9207,Vice President Biden to meet with Sanders on Thursday: source,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Joe Biden will meet with Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, the U.S. senator from Vermont, at 4 p.m. EDT (2000 GMT) on Thursday, a source familiar with the plans said. Sanders met earlier on Thursday with President Barack Obama, who later endorsed former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for president. ",1
9208,President Obama formally endorses Clinton for president,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama formally endorsed fellow Democrat Hillary Clinton for president on Thursday, describing himself as eager to get out and campaign for her, days after she gained the delegates needed to secure the party’s White House nomination. “I don’t think there has ever been someone so qualified to hold this office,” Obama said in a video released by the Clinton campaign.  “I’m with her, I’m fired up and I cannot wait to get out there and campaign with Hillary.”  Obama and Clinton were rivals during the 2008 Democratic primary that Obama won. Clinton went on to serve as Obama’s secretary of state during his first term in office.  ",1
9209,House committee moves to cut funding for financial regulators,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A bill to slash funding for the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, Internal Revenue Service and other financial regulators passed a key committee in the U.S. House of Representatives on Thursday after a long partisan fight. The expansive legislation would also place a halt on the payday lending restrictions that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau recently proposed. The Appropriations Committee voted 30-17 to approve the bill allocating funds for financial services and general government, which now goes to the full House. One of the committee’s senior Democrats, Jose Serrano of New York, warned that the “bill in its current form will be vetoed.”  The Senate must still pass accompanying legislation. After that, both chambers will reconcile their bills into a single piece for President Barack Obama to sign or veto. Congress has tangled over budget laws for years, and federal agencies frequently rely on temporary continuing resolutions for funding. Republicans cast the bill as a way to streamline agencies and hold them accountable for spending decisions, while saving taxpayer money. Democrats attacked what they called “riders” to the bill, such as a measure to stop the Federal Communications Commission’s net neutrality rule and one to prevent corporations from being required to disclose political donations. They also said cuts to the SEC would hobble the agency in carrying out its duties and implementing the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law. Earlier this month the CFPB, charged with shielding consumers from financial fraud, proposed rules to limit short-term borrowings known as “payday” loans, which can charge interest as high as 390 percent. Critics say the proposal will cut off credit to poor people who may need small loans during emergencies. Representative Steven Palazzo, a Mississippi Republican, proposed an amendment on Thursday to delay implementing the rules until the bureau reports to Congress on their possible effects, saying he was concerned they could force people to turn to loan sharks.  Democratic National Committee Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz had been one of the few members of her party to oppose the rules, and had sponsored a bill to delay CFPB rules for two years.  Wasserman Schultz, who is also a U.S. representative from Florida, reversed her position in the last week. She told the hearing on Thursday the proposal is “inarguably a step in the right direction,” adding, “I stand with the CFPB in its efforts to protect Americans from predatory lending.”  ",1
9210,Clinton thrilled Obama 'has my back' in U.S. election: Reuters interview,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton on Thursday welcomed President Barack Obama’s endorsement, telling Reuters in an interview that it “means the world” to her that her former rival has her back in the 2016 campaign. “It is absolutely a joy and an honor that President Obama and I, over the years, have gone from fierce competitors to true friends,” Clinton said.  Clinton and Obama will begin campaigning together next week in Green Bay, Wisconsin. ",1
9211,U.S. top court deals blow to Puerto Rico sovereignty claim,"(Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Thursday ruled that Puerto Rico cannot pursue charges against people for the same crime that federal authorities have already prosecuted them, dealing a blow to the U.S. territory’s claim that while it is not a state it should be treated like one. The court ruled 6-2 in favor of defendants Luis Sanchez Valle and Jaime Gomez Vazquez, who were charged with illegally selling guns in 2008 by Puerto Rican authorities as well as federal prosecutors. The two pleaded guilty to the federal charges and then argued that Puerto Rico’s indictments should be dismissed because of the double jeopardy clause of the U.S. Constitution that bars people from being prosecuted twice for the same offense. A trial judge dismissed the Puerto Rico charges, but they were reinstated by an appeals court. In a March 2015 ruling, the Puerto Rico Supreme Court ruled against prosecutors, prompting the territory to appeal to the high court. On its surface, the case was about criminal law. But it also raised questions about the extent to which the Caribbean island, which has been a U.S. territory since 1898, has sovereign powers akin to any of the 50 U.S. states. The double jeopardy clause allows U.S. states and the federal government to prosecute people separately for the same actions because they are separate sovereign entities. The Supreme Court, in a ruling authored by Justice Elena Kagan, said that the original source of power for Puerto Rico’s Constitution came from the U.S. Congress, via a 1950 law. “Put simply, Congress conferred the authority to create the Puerto Rico Constitution, which in turn confers the authority to bring criminal charges,” Kagan wrote. Liberal justices Sonia Sotomayor, whose parents were from Puerto Rico, and Stephen Breyer dissented. Some experts saw the federal government’s argument against treating Puerto Rico as a separate governmental entity as having implications for another issue: how to deal with the territory’s debt crisis. In such a scenario, that argument could help establish a legal precedent that Puerto Rico is not a sovereign entity, possibly to justify imposing a federal control board or some other mechanism to address Puerto Rico’s roughly $70 billion in debt. The U.S. Congress is currently considering legislation on the issue. The Supreme Court is expected to rule by the end of the month in another case involving Puerto Rico’s bid to revive a law that would allow it to cut billions of dollars in debt at public utilities in a key test in its quest to weather its crisis. ",1
9212,House Speaker Ryan security agenda veers from Trump's,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan unveiled a national security policy featuring stronger defense on Thursday, part of his agenda to unify Republicans after a divisive primary campaign, but softening some of the hard lines taken by the party’s presumptive presidential nominee, Donald Trump. The plan is sharply critical of President Barack Obama, blaming the Democrat for “eight years of broken promises, concessions, and retreat” in the Syrian civil war, nuclear deal with Iran, chilly relations with Russia and dealings with a bellicose North Korea. It would overturn or back away from what Obama allies see as his foreign policy achievements, including the Iran deal and his moves toward normal relations with Communist-ruled Cuba. And it criticizes efforts to close the Guantanamo detention center. “It’s not too much to say that our enemies no longer fear us and too many of our allies no longer trust us. And I think this is a direct result of the president’s foreign policy,” Ryan said as he and other House Republicans introduced the plan at the Council on Foreign Relations. While not providing figures, the plan also calls for an end to military rollbacks and demands “adequate, predictable budgets.” Trump, whom Ryan has endorsed in the presidential race, has made a promise to erect a massive wall along the Mexican border - a centerpiece of his campaign. The plan announced on Thursday includes a range of border security measures such as “high fencing,” aerial surveillance and radar, but not a large wall. The plan echoes some of Trump’s concerns about Muslim immigrants, with calls to tighten refugee screening and discussion of ways to prevent the radicalization of youths. “We must constantly reassess our defenses in order to find and close security gaps so that Islamist militants cannot slip into our country undetected,” Ryan’s plan said. Representative Michael McCaul, the chairman of the House of Representatives Homeland Security Committee, said the intention was not to target followers of any one religion, but to do everything possible to not admit those who would attack Americans. “What we have to do is target the threat and make sure that they don’t come in,” said McCaul, one of several Republican committee chairmen who joined Ryan at the report presentation. The plan is not isolationist. It takes a strong line on battling militants abroad, saying the United States must keep all options on the table and “eliminate terrorist sanctuaries.”  Trump has been critical of some U.S. alliances. Ryan’s plan, in contrast, underscores the importance of NATO. It also includes many standard Republican policy prescriptions, such as strong ties to Israel, advocacy of severe sanctions on Iran and an insistence that Washington should stand up to Russia. It also calls for more trade agreements and says foreign aid programs should make recipient countries self-sufficient. The plan calls for increased security for diplomats and facilities overseas. In that context, it mentions the 2012 attacks on Benghazi, which many Republicans cite to criticize then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Trump’s rival in the White House race. Several of Thursday’s speakers criticized Clinton as they blasted Obama’s foreign policy, because she was the nation’s top diplomat during the first four years of his term.  Democrats sought to tie the plan to some of Trump’s most controversial statements, including his rejection of alliances like NATO, advocacy of waterboarding and calls for attacks on the families of terrorist suspects. “Perhaps this agenda is light on details because the Republican presidential candidate has offered a truly disturbing vision of America’s role in the world,” Representative Eliot Engel, the top Democrat on the House Foreign Affairs Committee, said in a statement. Ryan, the country’s highest-ranking elected Republican, has described the agenda as a way to offer voters a coherent policy message for 2017. He unveiled an anti-poverty agenda on Monday. Initiatives on regulation, constitutional authority, healthcare and tax reform are expected in the coming weeks. ",1
9213,"Sanders praises Obama, Biden for impartiality, to meet with Clinton soon","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders on Thursday thanked President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden for maintaining impartiality during the primary process, and said he would meet with rival Hillary Clinton soon to discuss ways to defeat Republican candidate Donald Trump. Speaking at the White House following a meeting with President Obama, a Democrat, Sanders praised Obama and Biden for not thumbing the scales by endorsing a candidate during the primary season, and said he would do everything he could to stop Trump from succeeding Obama in the November election. ",1
9214,White House supports House Puerto Rico debt legislation: statement,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said it supports legislation, aimed at helping Puerto Rico dig out of its $70 billion debt crisis, that is set for a vote in the U.S. House of Representatives on Thursday. However, the Obama administration does oppose provisions in the bill “on minimum wage and overtime that put in jeopardy important protections for workers, do nothing to address the crisis, and further exacerbate the economic disparities between Puerto Rico and the mainland United States,” the Office of Management and Budget said in a statement.   ",1
9215,Top House Democrat says Puerto Rico bill prospects 'pretty good',WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said on Thursday that she feels “pretty good” about the prospect for passage of a bill to address Puerto Rico’s financial crisis.  ,1
9216,"Sanders returns to Washington, meets with Obama on next steps","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders returned to Washington for meetings on Thursday with President Barack Obama and Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid as Democrats pressured him to end his presidential campaign and support Hillary Clinton after a hard-fought primary race. Clinton, a former secretary of state, U.S. senator and first lady, secured enough delegates to secure the Democratic nomination this week and become the first woman to lead a major U.S. party as its presidential nominee. Despite Clinton’s commanding victories in California and New Jersey in presidential contests on Tuesday, Sanders vowed to carry his populist campaign to the Democratic National Convention in July, when the party’s nominee is formally chosen. Obama, who is expected to endorse Clinton soon, was scheduled to meet with Sanders at the White House on Thursday at 11:15 a.m. (1515 GMT). Sanders will meet with Reid, his Senate colleague, in the afternoon. The Sanders campaign, which waged an unexpectedly strong challenge to a better-known and better-funded Democrat, has decried what it called Clinton’s anointment by the party establishment and the media. In an interview taped on Wednesday for broadcast on the NBC’s “Tonight” show on Thursday, Obama said he hoped that divisions between Democrats would start to heal in coming weeks now that Clinton has clinched the party’s nomination for the Nov. 8 presidential election. At a fund-raiser in New York City on Wednesday, Obama said he was not too worried about bruised feelings after the primary and said “it was a healthy thing for the Democratic Party to have a contested primary.” Obama praised Sanders, the democratic socialist senator from Vermont, for bringing new energy and ideas to the party. “He pushed the party and challenged them,” he said. “I thought it made Hillary a better candidate.” Democrats are striking a delicate balance between the need to unite behind Clinton in the looming battle against presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump and not alienating Sanders and his supporters. U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren, herself a progressive known as a fiery critic of Wall Street, is preparing to endorse Clinton in the coming weeks after staying neutral in the Democratic primary, people familiar with her thinking told Reuters. ",1
9217,"Exclusive: Clinton ally Warren weighs potential VP role, sees hurdles - sources","NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren has considered the idea of serving as Hillary Clinton’s running mate but sees obstacles to that choice as she prepares to endorse the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee, several people familiar with Warren’s thinking told Reuters. While her thinking could evolve, Warren has concerns about joining a Clinton ticket, including the question of whether running two women would give the Democrats the best shot at defeating Republican Donald Trump, one source said.       Advisers to Warren, a fiery critic of Wall Street and a  popular figure among progressive Democrats, have been in close contact with Clinton’s campaign team and the conversations have increased in frequency in recent weeks, the sources said. Warren has signaled to people close to her that she is intrigued by the possibility of being Clinton’s No. 2 but has not discussed the role with Clinton, 68, or anyone else from her campaign, the people said.  Warren, 66, has been one of the Democrats’ most outspoken critics of Trump, 69, and her priority is helping to defeat the presumptive Republican nominee in the Nov. 8 presidential election, the sources said.  Warren is also committed to advancing her own political agenda, which they described as “more progressive” than Clinton’s more centrist positions. Warren fears that as vice president, or in a cabinet position, her voice could be less heard than it is in the U.S. Senate on her priority issues such as addressing income inequality, the sources said.   In the past, Warren has accused Clinton of abandoning her support for stronger bankruptcy legislation to try to appease Wall Street.  An endorsement of Clinton could come within a week or two, one of the sources said. Clinton has been appealing for Democratic Party unity. On Twitter over the weekend, Warren echoed that call and emphasized the importance of the party coming together to beat Trump. “Get ready, Donald,” Warren tweeted. “We’re coming.” Warren, who represents Massachusetts in the U.S. Senate,   has stayed neutral in the Democratic primary race, notably remaining the only woman senator not throwing her support behind the first woman presidential nominee of a major U.S. political party. Were she to join the Clinton ticket, she could help energize progressives and win over supporters of Clinton’s rival Bernie Sanders, a democratic socialist U.S. senator from Vermont. Sanders’ calls for reining in Wall Street and breaking up big banks dovetail with Warren’s views. An ongoing feud with Trump gained steam on social media with a series of posts in which she labeled the celebrity businessman racist, sexist and xenophobic and said she was going to fight to make sure his “toxic stew of hatred and insecurity never reaches the White House.” Warren joined Clinton late last month in criticizing Trump for rooting for the 2008 financial crisis and delivered a 10-minute invective on the subject at an annual Washington gala two weeks ago. “What kind of a man roots for people to get thrown out of their house? I’ll tell you exactly what kind of man does that,” Warren said. “It is a man who cares about no one but himself - a small insecure money-grubber who doesn’t care who gets hurt so long as he makes a profit off it.” Trump has ridiculed Warren by calling her Pocahontas in a mocking reference to her having said in the past that she had Native American ancestry. Pocahontas was a famous Native American in early colonial Virginia. Warren is due to speak to the American Constitution Society, a progressive legal group, on Thursday at a time when Democrats and some Republicans have criticized Trump’s comments about Mexican-American Judge Gonzalo Curiel. ",1
9218,Wooing Sanders supporters will be tough task for Clinton,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Winning over Bernie Sanders supporters who flocked to his insurgent presidential campaign will be the first and possibly toughest order of business for Hillary Clinton after she became the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee this week. Every time the Vermont senator mentioned Clinton’s name at a rally in California on Thursday night, his supporters booed as if she was Donald Trump, the Republican businessman who will face off against Clinton in the Nov. 8 election. But Clinton is wasting no time in launching her charm offensive. She called Sanders on Tuesday night, and during a celebratory rally in Brooklyn she praised his candidacy, saying their “vigorous debate” during the nominating contest had been good for the Democratic Party.  Democrats in both camps said they expect to see more specific olive branches offered to Sanders in the weeks ahead, including compromises on the issues platform to be adopted at the party’s July nominating convention and reforms in a Democratic primary process that Sanders criticized as rigged to favor the establishment. It may not be an easy sell for all of Sander’s supporters, who have helped catapult him from political obscurity into the national spotlight, cheering his message on income inequality, campaign finance reform and Wall Street excesses. Given little chance a year ago, Sanders earned nearly 10 million votes and won more than 20 states during the nominating process. A Reuters/Ipsos poll in May found Sanders supporters have become increasingly resistant to Clinton in the past few months, with less than half saying they will vote for her if she becomes the party’s nominee. Last month, 41 percent of Sanders’ supporters said they would vote for Clinton over Trump in the general election. But that was down from 50 percent in April, and 52 percent in March. And some groups supporting Sanders plan to ramp up the pressure on superdelegates, prominent party officials who can vote for any candidate, in the last few weeks before Clinton’s nomination becomes official at the party convention in Philadelphia.  The people behind the Occupy DNC Convention Facebook group, with around 25,000 members, are creating their own web-based app to contact superdelegates, planning daily emails to urge them to switch to Sanders. Clinton moved to the left to fend off Sanders during the primary battle, opposing the Trans-Pacific Partnership, an Asian trade pact, and the Keystone oil pipeline from Canada, voicing support for a higher minimum wage and backing Sanders’ general goals of reining in Wall Street and reducing income inequality. Her best move now to win over progressive voters who backed Sanders would be showing she will stand behind those positions. “One of the biggest points of skepticism that we hear from Sanders supporters and even lukewarm Clinton supporters is the question of whether she really meant the stuff she said in the primary,” said Adam Green, co-founder of the Progressive Change Campaign Committee. “The next two weeks are a golden opportunity to make the answer apparent,” he said, citing her pledges to seek criminal sentences for financial fraud, break up banks that pose economic risks and expand Social Security benefits. Several Democrats said Trump may prove to be the chief motivator for Sanders supporters to switch to Clinton. “Trump has done more than anyone to push the Sanders people toward Clinton for the general election,” said Brad Anderson, an Iowa-based Democratic strategist who supported Clinton in the primary and said he has seen signs of a shift in the last few weeks. Clinton could make specific concessions or overtures to assuage Sanders, particularly by eliminating the superdelegates from the primary process. Sanders has complained about the involvement of superdelegates, who have heavily backed Clinton. Another easy way to get Sanders’ most passionate supporters on board is to simply hire them, says Democratic strategist Steve Schale. That’s what Schale, a Florida-based staffer for President Barack Obama’s 2008 presidential campaign, did once the bitter primary fight between Obama and Clinton ended that year. Florida was crucial to Obama’s prospects — and his campaign need a large operation to work on voter registration, persuasion, and turnout. Clinton could offer Sanders diehards a similar opportunity to stay involved. “For a lot of these folks, the campaign is as much as social calling as it is a movement,” he said. While there were concerns in 2008 that Clinton’s supporters would be too disaffected to support Obama, Clinton endorsed him less than a month after the primary ended and unified the party. Democratic party leaders may also help ease tensions. Sanders will meet on Thursday with Obama and Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid of Nevada. ",1
9219,Judge issues final order upholding Alabama same-sex marriage,"(Reuters) - A federal judge in Alabama has issued a permanent injunction barring state officials from denying same-sex couples the right to marry in that state, according to court documents made public on Wednesday.  The order, filed on Tuesday by U.S. District Judge Callie Granade, came in response to a 2014 lawsuit challenging Alabama’s ban on same-sex marriage, finalizing a decision Granade made in early 2015 that the state law was unconstitutional.  The legality of gay marriage was at the center of a national debate until the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in June 2015 that the U.S. Constitution provided same-sex couples the right to marry. Despite that order, Alabama officials continued to resist the change in the law.  Last month, Alabama Supreme Court Chief Justice Roy Moore was suspended for issuing an administrative order to state probate judges that they should not issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples. In March, the Alabama Supreme Court dismissed petitions by opponents of same-sex marriage asking to reinstate the ban on those unions but refused to vacate or withdraw its own March 2015 ruling in favor of the same-sex marriage ban, made just months before the U.S. Supreme Court ruling. “This brings a finality by permanently prohibiting Alabama from enforcing its marriage laws which are discriminating against gay couples,” said Susan Watson, executive director of the ACLU of Alabama. “Given Alabama’s fierce resistance, this permanent relief was required to ensure marriage equality in the state.” Officials from the office of Alabama Attorney General Luther Strange, who is named in the lawsuit, could not be reached for comment on Wednesday.  Strange’s attorneys had asked for the lawsuit to be dismissed because the state was currently complying with the federal law.  But Granade said in her ruling that “promising to sin no more” did not render a permanent injunction unnecessary. The actions of the suspended chief justice and other officials suggested that other attempts may be made to undermine the constitutional right of same-sex couples to marry, she wrote. “It cannot be said with assurance that there is no reasonable expectation that Alabama’s unconstitutional marriage laws will not again be enforced,” the order said. ",1
9220,Three teenagers arrested over assaults during California Trump protest,"(Reuters) - Three teenagers were arrested on Wednesday and accused of three separate assaults during a demonstration that turned violent outside a rally for presidential candidate Donald Trump last week in San Jose, California, police said.  The three unidentified juveniles, all males, were accused of taking part in a number of skirmishes between Trump supporters and anti-Trump demonstrators last Thursday outside the San Jose Convention Center. Trump held a rally there in the lead-up to Tuesday’s California primary for the Republican party’s presidential nomination. Two of the teenagers, aged 16 and 17, face charges of felony assault with a deadly weapon. The third, also 16, faces a misdemeanor battery charge, the San Jose Police Department said in a statement. One of the teenagers is accused of using a blunt object to strike a victim from behind. The victim suffered visible injuries, according to police.  Four others were arrested during the protests last week. Two 19-year-olds and an 18-year-old face charges of felony assault with a deadly weapon, while another 19-year-old faces a misdemeanor charge of refusal to disperse.  It is unclear whether the seven charged were Trump supporters or among the hundreds of protesters who were seen on news clips waving Mexican flags, chanting anti-Trump slogans, and burning Trump hats and at least one U.S. flag.  Protesters, many angry over Trump’s comments against illegal immigration, have gathered at his rallies for months. Trump, now the Republican Party’s presumptive nominee for the Nov. 8 presidential election, canceled a rally in Chicago in March after clashes broke out between his supporters and protesters. ",1
9221,California voting expert bares naked truth about politics,"SACRAMENTO, Calif. (Reuters) - Political consultants are sometimes accused of hiding the naked truth about the candidates they represent or the campaigns they devise. But California voting expert Paul Mitchell bared it all after Tuesday’s primary election, running naked around the grounds of the state Capitol building in Sacramento after his prediction in a key race turned out to be wrong. “When improbable things happen, some pay consequences,” Mitchell posted on Twitter early on Wednesday morning. Along with the posting was a photo of the darkened Capitol, a map of a running route from the athletic tracking app Strava and the title, “Streaking.” Last year, Mitchell firmly dismissed predictions that two Democrats would be chosen in Tuesday’s primary to vie for the state’s open U.S. Senate seat in November. He was so sure that would not happen - despite a change in the state’s open primary law advancing the top two vote-getters to the general election regardless of party affiliation - that he vowed to run naked around the Capitol if two Democrats were chosen.  When it became clear on Tuesday night that state Attorney General Kamala Harris and U.S. Representative Loretta Sanchez, both Democrats, topped the polls and would advance to the general election, Mitchell knew what he had to do. He parked his car in front of the Capitol building in downtown Sacramento in the darkest spot he could find, took off his clothes (including shoes) and ran, he said in a telephone interview on Wednesday.     “I couldn’t put up with all the badgering I would get if I didn’t do it,” he said. “There’s honor among politicos, I guess.” He managed to maintain his privacy to all but a couple of youths on skateboards. “It really doesn’t seem like it’s very dark outside when you’re streaking,” Mitchell said. ",1
9222,U.S. House Speaker Ryan offers election-year security agenda,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan unveiled a national security policy featuring stronger defense on Thursday, the next step in a conservative policy agenda rolling out as he works to unify Republicans after a divisive primary campaign. The plan is sharply critical of President Barack Obama, blaming the Democrat for “eight years of broken promises, concessions, and retreat” in the Syrian civil war, nuclear deal with Iran, chilly relations with Russia and dealings with a bellicose North Korea. It would overturn some of what Obama allies consider his foreign policy achievements, including the Iran deal and his moves toward normal relations with Communist-ruled Cuba. And it criticizes efforts to close the Guantanamo detention center. While not providing figures, it also calls for an end to military rollbacks and demands “adequate, predictable budgets.” The blueprint includes several departures from foreign policy statements by presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, whom Ryan has endorsed in the White House race. It does not demand the erection of a massive wall along the Mexican border, a centerpiece of Trump’s campaigning. Ryan calls for border security measures including “high fencing,” aerial surveillance and radar. But it echoes some of Trump’s concerns about Muslim immigrants, with calls to tighten refugee screening and discussion of ways not to radicalize youths. Trump sparked outrage by promising to temporarily ban Muslims from the United States. “We must constantly reassess our defenses in order to find and close security gaps so that Islamist militants cannot slip into our country undetected,” Ryan’s plan said. The plan is not isolationist. It takes a strong line on battling militants abroad, saying the United States must keep all options on the table and “eliminate terrorist sanctuaries.”  Trump has been critical of some U.S. alliances. Ryan’s plan, in contrast, underscores the importance of NATO, calls ties to Israel “the cornerstone of stability in the Middle East,” advocates severe sanctions on Iran and says the United States should stand up to Russian aggression while bolstering Ukraine. It also calls for more trade agreements and says foreign aid programs should make recipient countries self-sufficient. The plan calls for increased security for diplomats and facilities overseas. In that context, it mentions the 2012 attacks on Benghazi, which many Republicans cite to criticize then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Trump’s rival in the White House race. Ryan, the country’s highest-ranking elected Republican, has described the agenda as a way to offer voters a coherent policy message for 2017. He unveiled an anti-poverty agenda on Monday. Initiatives on regulation, constitutional authority, healthcare and tax reform are expected in the coming weeks. ",1
9223,Puerto Rico debt bill cleared for Thursday U.S. House vote,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Legislation helping Puerto Rico dig out of its $70 billion debt crisis is set for a vote in the U.S. House of Representatives on Thursday after a House panel fended off attempts to open the bill to a series of controversial amendments. By voice vote on Wednesday, the Rules Committee, the gatekeeper for bills moving through the House, sent the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management and Economic Stability Act (PROMESA) to the full House for debate and a likely vote on Thursday. The legislation, the result of months of negotiations between Congress and the Obama administration, would create a federal oversight board to work with investors to determine how much they would recover of the island territory’s $70 billion in loans. Republicans have stressed that no taxpayer money would be used to bail out Puerto Rico from a crisis that has left nearly half of the population in poverty amid closings of schools and hospitals and a contracting economy. During a Rules panel debate that stretched into the night, the committee rejected pleas to allow amendments that would have changed the basic structure of the legislation and the operation of the oversight board. If the bill passes the House, action would move to the Senate, where some leading Democrats have said they would seek significant changes. Earlier on Wednesday, House Natural Resources Committee Chairman Rob Bishop, who ushered the bill through his committee on May 25, told reporters he expected the full House to pass it on Thursday. Bishop, a Utah Republican, said a strong vote for passage in the House would help propel it through the Senate. “The bottom line is the better the vote here (in the House), the less likely it’s going to come back in a significantly altered form” from the Senate, Bishop said. Supporters hope to get it enacted into law before July 1, when Puerto Rico faces a deadline for making a $1.9 billion debt payment that it might not be able to fulfill. The House Rules Committee voted to allow debate on a limited number of amendments, including one giving priority to protecting federal taxpayer investments in Puerto Rico, such as mass transportation assets. Another amendment expected to be debated would expand a federal program aimed at encouraging economic development in Puerto Rico’s “under-utilized” business zones. Representative Raul Grijalva, a senior Democrat who worked on the bill, said Puerto Rico’s debt crisis, if unaddressed, could grow into a humanitarian crisis. Stabilization measures contained in the bill, he said, “would be the first step toward getting the situation under control.” But his fellow Democrat, Puerto Rican-born Representative Luis Gutierrez, warned, “I don’t think many of my colleagues in this body appreciate just how deeply offensive the bill before us is regarded in Puerto Rico.” He was particularly concerned with the way control board members would be chosen, with most not having to have any ties to the island. But Gutierrez failed to convince the committee to allow amendments to be offered making changes to the board and its operations. ",1
9224,Obama hopes for quick party healing after 'ouchy' Democratic primary,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - President Barack Obama said on Wednesday he hoped that divisions between Democrats would start to heal in coming weeks, now that his former secretary of state, Hillary Clinton, has clinched the party’s nomination for the Nov. 8 presidential election. “My hope is that over the next couple of weeks we’re able to pull things together,” Obama said in his first public remarks since primary election wins on Tuesday in California and elsewhere propelled Clinton to victory over rival Bernie Sanders after a hard-fought, months-long campaign.    “What happens during primaries is you get a little ouchy,” Obama told NBC late-night host Jimmy Fallon during a taping of “The Tonight Show” set to air on Thursday. Sanders, who has not conceded the race, is set to meet with Obama at the White House on Thursday at 11:15 a.m. (1515 GMT). Later, at a fundraiser in the Central Park West apartment of Kenneth Lerer, a venture capitalist and chairman of the BuzzFeed medial company, Obama said he was “not too worried” about “bruised feelings” left over from the primary. “We just ended - sort of ended - our primary season,” Obama said, catching his mistake as the crowd of about 60 Democratic donors, who paid up to $33,400 to attend, laughed nervously. “I am concerned about us doing the hard nuts-and-bolts work of turning out people to vote, particularly young people, particularly low-income people,” Obama said. Asked whether Obama thought Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, should quickly end his campaign, White House spokesman Josh Earnest said the senator had “more than earned the right to make his own decision about the course of his campaign.” The party will officially vote on Clinton’s nomination at its convention in Philadelphia at the end of July. Obama told Fallon that “it was a healthy thing for the Democratic Party to have a contested primary” and praised Sanders for the “enormous energy and new ideas” he brought to the campaign. “He pushed the party and challenged them. I thought it made Hillary a better candidate,” Obama said. The White House has said Obama, who is very popular among Democrats, will play a unifying role on the campaign trail. “The main role I’m going to be playing in this process is to remind the American people that this is a serious job. This is not reality TV,” Obama told Fallon in a swipe at presumptive Republican nominee and real estate magnate Donald Trump, who starred in a reality television show. ",1
9225,New York mayor strives to stay the course as probe queries persist,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Corruption charges against a union leader and a financier stemming from state and federal investigations that include an examination of New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio’s campaign fundraising practices are casting a cloud over his office and could possibly complicate his re-election bid. The arrests on Wednesday of the head of New York City’s prison guard union and a hedge fund financier accused of orchestrating a bribery scheme involving union retirement and operating funds were the first to emerge from the probes. Although the charges were not linked to de Blasio, who won a landslide victory in 2013, the case is the first major prosecution to emerge from several overlapping state and federal corruption probes examining de Blasio’s fundraising practices, among other avenues of inquiry.  David Birdsell, dean of the Baruch College School of Public Affairs, said on Wednesday the investigations were “keeping him off message,” noting that de Blasio was on occasion having to avoid the press because of incessant questions. On Wednesday his office said the investigations were not distracting the mayor. “New Yorkers will vote for the candidate who gets things done for their families and communities,” said Karen Hinton, a spokeswoman for de Blasio. “That person is Mayor de Blasio.” Still, there is evidence that the investigations are affecting the mayor’s standing, Birdsell said.  If they drag on and raise more questions they will not only be a distraction for the mayor but possibly encourage a challenge from his own party.  “Right now people smell some blood in the water,” Birdsell said. He said if the mayor becomes directly implicated in the investigations it would turn a contested Democratic primary mayoral race next year into a certainty from a likelihood. On Wednesday at a public appearance, de Blasio reiterated that he was “absolutely comfortable that we have done things properly.” He has said his administration committed no wrongdoing and is cooperating fully with investigators. In April, de Blasio’s office received subpoenas from state and federal prosecutors pursuing coordinated corruption probes that extended from City Hall to the police department. News of the subpoenas came days after a leaked January report from the state Board of Elections accusing the mayor and others of intentionally evading campaign finance contribution limits in 2014. The mayor’s counsel said at the time de Blasio had not been personally served. The once popular de Blasio, who struck a cord with New Yorkers after 12 years of Michael Bloomberg’s mayoralty, has seen his approval rating fall to a new low in May, according to a Quinnipiac University poll.  De Blasio will be up for re-election in 2017. The latest poll, conducted in the first week of June among 600 likely Democratic mayoral primary voters and published on Wednesday, showed 38 percent believed de Blasio deserved reelection while 43 percent said he did not.   The poll was conducted by NYC Deserves Better, a group formed by Bradley Tusk, a businessman and former campaign manager for Michael Bloomberg who wants a new mayor to be elected. The poll found that in a potential match up, de Blasio was neck-and-neck with City Comptroller Scott Stringer.    However, the poll also found that 51 percent had a ‘very positive’ or ‘somewhat positive’ opinion of the mayor, and 32 percent had a ‘somewhat negative’ or ‘very negative’ opinion. De Blasio brushed off questions about the poll and said he was committed to focusing on the job.  “Polls come and go. They go up. They go down. They don’t always reflect what happens in elections,” he said. “I believe fundamentally that the goal is to do the work, do it well ",1
9226,Ohio governor signs bill legalizing medical marijuana,"(Reuters) - Republican Ohio Governor John Kasich on Wednesday signed a bill legalizing marijuana use for medical purposes under certain circumstances, his office said. Over the last few years, state legislatures and voters in the United States have been much more receptive to making marijuana legal for medical purposes, and to a lesser extent, recreational use. The Ohio legislature approved the measure in May. Some 24 states and Washington D.C. currently allow some type of medical marijuana use, and just a handful of states allow its recreational use. It remains illegal on the federal level. Kasich, who earlier this year dropped out of the U.S. presidential race, signed the bill but provided no statement on Wednesday.  The Ohio legislation only allows patients with specific medical conditions to use an oil, edible, tincture or vapor form of marijuana prescribed by a physician licensed in the state, starting in 2017. Medical marijuana users would not be allowed to smoke or grow their own marijuana under the measure, which also would create a commission responsible for regulating and licensing of all operations of the drug. The measure was fast-tracked to head off a possible less-restrictive medical marijuana ballot initiative in November. Ohioans for Medical Marijuana suspended their campaign for the ballot measure late last month, saying that while the lawmakers’ bill had its shortcomings, it was “a moderately good piece of legislation.” Last November, Ohio voters soundly rejected a measure that would have made it the first U.S. Midwestern state to legalize the recreational use of marijuana. The proposal was criticized for allowing the main backers of the proposal cartel-like powers over the industry in the state for several years. ",1
9227,New York City reaches agreement on $82.1 billion FY 2017 budget,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York’s Mayor Bill de Blasio announced on Wednesday an agreement on a balanced $82.1 billion city budget for the 2016-2017 fiscal year that boosts reserves and expands a summer youth employment program.  The agreement was reached with New York’s City Council and comes well ahead of a July 1 deadline. De Blasio, a Democrat, said it was the earliest agreement since 2001 and credited the cooperation between his administration and the City Council. The agreement increases reserves, with an additional $250 million to grow the Retiree Health Benefits Trust Fund to $3.9 billion. It includes $1 billion every year in general reserves, and $500 million in the capital stabilization reserve. The budget highlights de Blasio’s social mission. The executive budget, presented in April, dedicated $2 billion to overhauling the city’s $7.5 billion public hospital system, which treat around 1.4 million people per year. City Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito and other council members hailed the expansion of the city’s summer youth work program to 60,000 at a press conference at City Hall. The program places young people aged 14-24 with community organizations for summer employment. The budget agreement comes at a difficult time for de Blasio who is facing multiple investigations into his campaign finances.  On Wednesday the head of New York City’s prison guard union and a hedge fund financier were charged with operating a kickback scheme. It marked the first major prosecution to emerge from state and federal corruption probes examining de Blasio’s fundraising practices, among other avenues of inquiry. ",1
9228,"Clinton, Trump draw battle lines for ill-tempered campaign fight","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. presidential candidates Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump kicked off a fierce general election battle, with Democrats accusing Trump of erratic behavior and the Republican threatening to bring up old Clinton scandals.            Clinton, the former secretary of state, made history when she became the first woman to lead a major political party in its quest to capture the U.S. presidency. Big primary election wins on Tuesday in California and elsewhere catapulted her to victory over Democratic opponent Bernie Sanders. If elected on Nov. 8, the 68-year-old former U.S. senator from New York would return the Clinton family to the White House 16 years after her husband, Bill Clinton, completed two terms as president. All signs point toward a negative campaign as Clinton accused Trump of being temperamentally unfit to serve and the New York businessman charged that Clinton had a dark past and a weak record as President Barack Obama’s first-term secretary of state. Clinton told NBC on Wednesday she would not run a “campaign of insults,” but she sought to portray the 69-year-old Trump as not fit for the Oval Office after the real estate developer repeatedly accused a Mexican-American judge of showing bias against him because of his ethnic heritage. The Clinton campaign has pointed to criticism from leaders in Trump’s Republican Party to make this case. “I’m going to talk about why he’s unqualified to be president based on his own words and his deeds. And I’m going to continue to make the case he is temperamentally unfit to be commander in chief,” she said in the interview. Trump gave a carefully crafted primary race victory speech on Tuesday laying out his own plan of attack. To keep from straying off message, he used a Teleprompter and avoided his typical stream-of-consciousness delivery. Trump said money given to the Clinton Foundation charity from foreign donors had earned the Clintons millions of dollars and had a corrupting influence when Clinton was secretary of state. “Hillary Clinton turned the State Department into her private hedge fund - the Russians, the Saudis, the Chinese - all gave money to Bill and Hillary and got favorable treatment in return. It’s a sad day in America when foreign governments with deep pockets have more influence in our own country than our great citizens,” Trump said.     He said he would give a speech next week “discussing all of the things that have taken place with the Clintons.”  A Reuters/Ipsos poll on Tuesday showed Clinton leading Trump by 10 percentage points nationally, little changed from a week earlier. [nL1N18Y1Z2] Both Clinton and Trump must unite their parties but the Democrat appeared to face the easier path with Sanders, a leftist U.S. senator from Vermont, nearly out of options to challenge her.  Trump has an uphill battle. U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan described Trump’s remarks about the judge as a “textbook definition of a racist comment,” but said he would still support him. Trump said on Wednesday he was “disappointed and surprised” by charges of racism from Republicans.  “I had just won more votes than anyone in the history of the party,” he told Time. “But you know, they have to say what they have to say. I’m a big boy. They have to say what they have to say.”     Ryan met behind closed doors on Wednesday with House Republicans. An aide said Ryan “discussed with his members the thinking behind his endorsement (of Trump) and how to move forward” and reiterated he had confidence Trump would support the House Republican agenda.     “I’d say the general attitude is, ‘Good. Now let’s just move on,’” said U.S. Representative Chris Collins of New York, a Trump supporter. “The irony here and the frustration was that he’s not racist.” Others said Trump needed to stop engaging in petty battles with former rivals and build a fundraising organization. Trump will meet on Thursday in New York with top fundraisers of the Republican National Committee, a party official said. Hopes flickered among some anti-Trump Republicans that there would be a revolt against him when delegates convene to nominate him formally in Cleveland from July 18 to 21.  Representative Morgan Griffith, a Virginia Republican, said that was unlikely but that Trump needed to improve as a candidate. “Don’t step into the cow pie,” Griffith said. “He can’t afford to be stepping into any more controversies like that.” Clinton edged Sanders out in a rough-and-tumble battle that stretched over four months and 50 states. She won support, especially among older voters, with a more pragmatic campaign focused on building on the policies of fellow Democrat Obama. Clinton said she had spoken to Sanders on Tuesday to congratulate him on his campaign. “I am looking forward to working with him to unify the Democratic Party against the threat that Donald Trump poses to our country,” she told PBS on Wednesday. “So we are talking. We will be having an opportunity to discuss in greater detail in the days ahead how we can best work together.”     Democratic Party elites are lined up squarely behind Clinton, including most likely Obama, who may endorse her as early as this week. White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest told reporters that Obama would not endorse until after he meets with Sanders on Thursday. Obama and Sanders have spoken three times in the past month, Earnest said. The president’s eventual endorsement would put pressure on Sanders to exit graciously and throw his support to Clinton. Sanders is also due to meet with Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid. ",1
9229,Clinton calls Trump economic ideas 'dangerously incoherent',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton on Wednesday said she will deliver an economic agenda address soon to contrast her policy differences with Republican Donald Trump, according to an interview with the Wall Street Journal.  In the interview, the presumptive Democratic nominee called her Republican counterpart’s statements on the economy “dangerously incoherent,” and vowed to propose a tax-cut plan for the middle class. “It’s not hard to see how a Trump presidency could actually lead to a serious global economic crisis,” she said. ",1
9230,Pennsylvania governor signs law expanding wine sales to private stores,"(Reuters) - Pennsylvania Governor Tom Wolf on Wednesday signed into law new measures to expand the sale of bottled wine to certain private stores, a move that could generate millions in state revenues through taxes and licensing fees. Pennsylvania is one of just two U.S. states, along with Utah, with full control over its liquor sale system - owning and operating retail and wholesale operations. “This is truly a historic day for Pennsylvania and the most significant step the commonwealth has taken to reform our liquor system in 80 years,” Wolf said in a statement. The new legislation, passed by lawmakers on Tuesday, moves wine sales beyond the state’s publicly run system, allowing supermarkets, convenience stores, restaurants and hotels that already have licenses for carry-out beer to sell up to four bottles of wine to customers. [nL1N18Z1W7] It also expands direct wine shipments by the case; liquor, wine and beer sales at casinos; and hours of operation at state stores, including on Sundays. The move is expected to increase retail wine sales overall and could add more than $150 million to state coffers. The Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board is the largest purchaser of wine and spirits in the United States. The state has an 18 percent liquor tax. ",1
9231,Modi wants deeper U.S.-India security relationship,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi called for a closer security relationship between his country and the United States on Wednesday, in an address to the U.S. Congress stressing the importance of warming ties between the two countries. He dedicated much of the speech to the importance of fighting terrorism, thanking Congress for U.S. support after a Pakistan-based military group’s rampage in Mumbai killed 166 people in 2008. “The fight against terrorism has to be fought at many levels. And the traditional tools of military, intelligence or diplomacy alone would not be able to win this fight,” Modi told a rare joint meeting of the Senate and House of Representatives. “We have both lost civilians and soldiers in combating it. The need of the hour is for us to deepen our security cooperation,” Modi said. He leavened the speech to lawmakers, the first such address by an international leader since Pope Francis’ in September, with jokes about Congress’ bitter partisan divide and yoga. But Modi used it to make serious points about India’s neighbor and arch-rival Pakistan and regional concerns about Chinese expansionism. “I commend the members of the U.S. Congress for sending a clear message to those who preach and practice terrorism for political gains,” he said, not mentioning either country by name.     Modi is on the U.S. leg of an international tour. On Tuesday, he met with President Barack Obama at the White House, where the two leaders said India agreed to work toward joining the Paris Agreement on climate change this year and discussed security and cyber security issues. The visit, two years after Modi became prime minister, capped an improving relationship between New Delhi and the United States. Before he was elected, Modi was barred from even entering the country because of concerns about his handling of 2002 riots that killed at least 1,000 people, mostly Muslims. Today, he is one of the international leaders most popular in Washington, where Modi’s government is seen as a counterbalance to China. He and Obama have a warm personal relationship. “We are now standing shoulder to shoulder in ways that no one could have imagined a generation ago,” Representative Eliot Engel, the top Democrat on the House Foreign Affairs committee, said at a reception for Modi after the address.  In a 45-minute speech interrupted by cheers and at least eight standing ovations, the 65-year-old Indian leader said deeper U.S.-Indian security cooperation should isolate anyone who harbors, supports or sponsors terrorists. Although he did not mention Pakistan, that line was greeted with applause from the lawmakers, many of whom are increasingly frustrated with what they see as Islamabad’s failure to crack down on militants behind attacks on American troops in Afghanistan. Modi also stressed that India is committed to helping rebuild a peaceful and stable Afghanistan. Amid heightened tensions over China’s assertive pursuit of territory in the South China Sea, Modi said a stronger U.S.-India partnership could boost peace and prosperity “from Asia to Africa and from the Indian Ocean to the Pacific.” He did not mention China. “It can also help ensure security of the sea lanes and commerce and freedom of navigation on seas,” Modi added. Democrats leaped to their feet when Modi referred to the recent climate change summit. But Republicans in the House chamber remained seated, reflecting the U.S. political divide over the issue. House Speaker Paul Ryan greeted Modi at his office before his speech. After the Indian leader’s remarks, he attended lunch with congressional leaders and a reception with members of the House Foreign Affairs and Senate Foreign Relations committees. ",1
9232,Two gay men challenge Tennessee denial of service law,"(Reuters) - Two men have filed a lawsuit against Tennessee and its governor saying their constitutional rights as gay individuals are violated by a new law that allows mental health counselors to refuse to treat patients on the basis of “sincerely held principles.” The law, signed by Republican Governor Bill Haslam in April, has been criticized as discriminatory against the gay community. The lawsuit, filed on Tuesday by Bleu Copas and Caleb Laieski in the Chancery Court for Anderson County, asks the court to void the statute because it violates the Tennessee Constitution and the U.S. Constitution’s 14th Amendment, which guarantees equal protection to all citizens under the law. “LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender) persons were the target of the statute. They are singled out for discriminatory treatment. There is no other group which could conceivably be the target of the statute,” the lawsuit reads in part. A court employee sent Reuters a copy of the complaint on Wednesday via email. Jennifer Donnals, press secretary for Governor Haslam, said in an emailed statement: “We are not able to make comments on pending litigation.” The law protects therapists and counselors from legal action when they cite their personal principles in refusing service, despite a provision in the American Counseling Association’s code of ethics barring members from such denials of service. In the lawsuit, Copas says he is a homosexual man and a resident of Anderson County, Tennessee, while Laieski says he is homosexual and describes himself as a national lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender rights activist residing in Alexandria, Virginia. With gay marriage becoming a lost cause for opponents - the Supreme Court ruled in June that same-sex couples have the right to marry - a new battleground has become a quest by conservatives in some states to allow people to refuse services to gay men and women on religious grounds. tinyurl.com/hj29fs9 The Tennessee law is among a number of state statutes passed over the last year or so, prohibiting sanctions against businesses, service providers, professionals or clerics who refuse service, in some cases to same-sex couples or in other cases to individuals, based on profoundly held beliefs. Some states, such as Arkansas and Indiana, enacted fixes to the measures after large companies and rights groups assailed them as discriminatory. ",1
9233,Trump 'disappointed' by Republican criticism of judge comments,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said on Wednesday he was “disappointed and surprised” by the criticism  and charges of racism he had received from Republican leaders for comments he made about the Mexican heritage of a federal judge. “I had just won more votes than anyone in the history of the party, so I was a little bit surprised when they said that,” Trump told Time. “I didn’t think it was necessary. But you know, they have to say what they have to say. I’m a big boy. They have to say what they have to say.” ",1
9234,Former Reagan aide helped write Trump foreign policy speech,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A former senior official in the Reagan administration and prominent Republican foreign policy insider told Reuters he provided input for the late-April foreign policy speech by Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee. “I was asked to contribute material” for Trump’s April 27 speech at the Center for the National Interest, a Washington, D.C., think tank, said Richard Burt. Burt said he is not part of Trump’s campaign. “But I am happy to talk to people looking for advice on foreign policy issues,” said Burt, a managing director of McLarty Associates, a Washington-based consulting firm co-founded by former President Bill Clinton’s White House chief of staff and counselor Thomas “Mack” McLarty. Burt said he also would be willing to offer foreign policy advice to Hillary Clinton, the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee, if she asked for such advice, though he added, “She’s not going to.”Burt is also chairman of Global Zero, an independent group devoted to ridding the world of nuclear weapons. Trump told The New York Times in April that he was not sure it would be “a bad thing” for the United States if Japan had nuclear weapons, and has said the same about South Korea and Saudi Arabia. Burt said the main theme he talked about to Trump was the need for the United States to pursue a “more realist foreign policy,” in which the United States would avoid seeking “regime change” abroad, and instead make protecting the United States and its interests the main policy goal. Trump, who became the Republican’s presumptive nominee last month after the last of his challengers dropped from the party’s race, articulated this theme again in a campaign speech late on Tuesday, as he claimed victory in the last Republican nominating contests. Under Reagan, Burt headed the State Department’s Bureau of Political-Military Affairs and then its European and Canadian Affairs bureau and served as U.S. ambassador to Germany from 1985 to 1989. Some of Burt’s contemporaries from the administrations of Presidents Reagan, George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush, have publicly denounced Trump’s foreign policy views or remained mute. Earlier this year, Trump met with a group of 11 foreign policy advisers, headed by Republican Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, one of Trump’s most outspoken supporters.  Reuters sought comment on the recent activities of Trump’s foreign policy team from several of its members and from a campaign spokeswoman. Most declined to comment, and the campaign did not immediately reply to a request for comment.  One campaign team member, who asked for anonymity because he is not authorized to comment publicly, said that while the team had held several discussions since Trump’s speech, the candidate remains his own most important foreign policy adviser. ",1
9235,Senator Tim Kaine an online favorite to run with Clinton,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia has emerged as the online betting favorite to be presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s running mate while Bernie Sanders’ chances have slipped, online predictions market PredictIt said. Kaine topped a list of potential vice president candidates with about 20 percent probability, followed by U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts with about 17 percent and U.S. Labor Secretary Tom Perez with about 14 percent. The website, which allows users to wager small amounts of money, said Sanders’ chances of joining Clinton’s race for the White House were about 10 percent. Big election wins on Tuesday catapulted Clinton to victory over Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, although he has vowed to go on contesting the race. Bets on Clinton winning the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election were going for 66 cents while bets on Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican nominees, were traded at just 33 cents. On the Republican side, U.S. Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama was leading the race to be Trump’s running mate at 20 percent, followed by U.S. Senator Joni Ernst of Iowa at 17 percent, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich at 15 percent and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie at 9 percent. The latest opinion poll by Reuters/Ipsos on Tuesday showed Trump trails Clinton by 10 points in the 2016 presidential campaign, showing little change from a week ago.    The online survey had 44.3 percent of likely voters saying they would vote for Clinton, compared with 34.7 percent who would support Trump. A further 20.9 percent said they would not vote for either candidate.  PredictIt is jointly run by Washington political consultancy Aristotle and Victoria University in Wellington, New Zealand. Its users are registered U.S. voters. As with opinion polls, predictions markets do not always accurately forecast outcome. ",1
9236,Trump vice presidential search narrowed to four or five politicians,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Wednesday said he had narrowed his search for a vice presidential running mate down to four or five unnamed establishment politicians, including one former rival who has not endorsed him, according to a Bloomberg interview.  “I’d like to save it, give it the old fashioned way, right?” Trump said of not announcing his choice until the Republican National Convention in July. ",1
9237,Influential House conservative says can't back Trump at this time: CNN,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The head of the largest conservative group in the U.S. Congress, Representative Bill Flores of Texas, said he could not back Republican Donald Trump for president at this time, CNN reported on Wednesday. Flores, the head of the Republican Study Committee in the House of Representatives, told CNN he was incredibly angry about comments that the presumptive Republican presidential nominee made about U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel.  ",1
9238,"Kerry says all should celebrate Clinton win, regardless of party","ABU DHABI (Reuters) - - Hillary Clinton’s victory in the Democratic presidential primary race is a “historic moment” for the United States and should be celebrated by Republicans and Democrats alike, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said on Wednesday. Clinton declared herself the Democratic Party nominee on Tuesday evening after winning the New Jersey primary, setting up a general election campaign against Republican candidate Donald Trump in the Nov. 8 election.  She is the first woman in American history to attain the presidential nomination of a major political party. “As a father of two daughters, I’m proud,” Kerry told reporters while traveling from China to the United Arab Emirates, adding that he had sent a message to Clinton congratulating her on the outcome. “She’ll make a terrific president.”     Kerry, who was the Democratic nominee for president in 2004 but lost to Republican incumbent President George W. Bush, said Clinton’s achievement was a “truly historic moment for the nation.”     “Everybody ought to celebrate it, Republican or Democrat alike,” he said. “It’s a breakthrough, and I think that whether you’re voting for Trump or you’re voting for her or whoever, you ought to take pride.” ",1
9239,Billionaire environmental activist Tom Steyer endorses Clinton,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Environmental activist Tom Steyer endorsed Hillary Clinton on Wednesday for U.S. president a day after she secured the Democratic nomination to run in the Nov. 8 election. “Hillary Clinton is an experienced leader who will lead us to victory because she embodies the best values of our country,” Steyer, a former hedge fund manager, said in a statement. “Now is the time to come together to defeat Donald Trump, who is utterly unfit to be our next president.”  ",1
9240,"'Hi Donald, we're Muslims!' Scottish offer to teach Trump in visit","EDINBURGH (Reuters) - Scottish Muslims have invited Donald Trump to visit a mosque and learn about their faith during his visit to Scotland this month in the hope of changing his views. The presumptive Republican U.S. presidential candidate, whose mother was Scottish, last year proposed a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States as a response to Islamist attacks in Paris and California, causing a furor in Europe. Accepting a visit to learn about the Muslim community might help show that he is not so extreme, Edinburgh Central Mosque Imam Yayha Barry told Reuters. “I would say: ‘Hi Donald, we’re Muslims, welcome to our mosque! Do you still see Muslims as a threat to Western civilizations?’” he said. Trump’s views prompted widespread opposition in Britain, where he owns two golf courses on the west and east Scottish coasts. His comments about stopping Mexican migrants entering the United States also caused offense, leading to the withdrawal of Scottish business and academic accolades.  Prime Minister David Cameron said the remarks by the potential leader of Britain’s closest international ally were “divisive, stupid and wrong”.  Neither Cameron nor Scotland’s First Minister Nicola Sturgeon plan to meet him on his visit, which coincides with the result of Britain’s referendum on EU membership on June 24.  Spiritual leaders in the Islamic community invited Trump to “learn more about the Muslims that he offends”. “We would welcome the opportunity to show him the work that we are doing in the community in Edinburgh when he comes to Scotland,” said Hafiz Ghafoor of Annandale Mosque and Munawar Hussain, secretary of Roxburgh St Mosque and Islamic Centre, in a joint statement. Trump’s relationship with Scotland has been rocky since he contested a decision to build an offshore wind farm opposite his golf course in Aberdeenshire. His trip will include a visit there as well as to his courses at Turnberry, in southwestern Scotland, and Doonbeg, in Ireland. Protests at Trump’s “misogynist, racist and xenophobic” views are planned by Aberdeen University students during his visit, the president of the Students’ Association said.  A spokesperson for the Trump Organisation did not respond to a request to comment.  Scottish Liberal Democrat leader Willie Rennie said Trump should witness first hand the work being done by local Muslims to reach across faiths and help those in need. “Muslims are our friends, colleagues, family and neighbors. When he insults them in such a grotesque manner he insults us all.” About 77,000 Scots are Muslims, or 1.4 percent of the population, according to the latest official census in 2011. ",1
9241,Sanders plants seeds for a lasting U.S. progressive movement,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Bernie Sanders’ upstart U.S. presidential campaign may be headed to defeat, but his goals of reining in Wall Street, ending big money in politics and eradicating income inequality were the big winners in the bruising Democratic race. Sanders, who started as a little-known long-shot, pushed the party and established front-runner Hillary Clinton sharply to the left during a long primary battle. Along the way, the 74-year-old U.S. senator from Vermont energized young and progressive voters and prepared the ground for what his allies predict will be a lasting influence on the party. Clinton, one of the best-known political figures in the United States, clinched the Democratic Party’s nomination in a last round of state nominating contests on Tuesday.  But even before her victory, Sanders began taking steps to turn his newfound political influence into an enduring progressive movement. In the last few weeks, he has lent his influence and fundraising power to progressive congressional and state legislative candidates who share his agenda, urging his supporters around the country to donate to their campaigns. Sanders also appointed prominent activists to the panel writing the issues platform for the party’s convention in July, ensuring a strong voice in the process. His convention delegates will push for changes to party primary rules, including letting independents vote in primaries and reducing the influence of superdelegates, the hundreds of party elites who can support any candidate regardless of voting in their constituencies, and who in this primary season have largely backed Clinton. “I do think we are going to see real changes in the Democratic Party going forward because of Bernie. The future of the party is with the people supporting Sanders,” said Charles Chamberlain, executive director of Democracy for America, a liberal Vermont-based group that rose from Howard Dean’s failed 2004 presidential bid and endorsed Sanders this time. “He has proven the power of this message,” Chamberlain said. During the campaign, Sanders forced Clinton to tack left repeatedly on issues ranging from her support for a higher minimum wage to her opposition to the Asian trade pact and Keystone XL oil pipeline. Sanders’ progressive allies said those shifts by Clinton will be helpful in the Nov. 8 election against presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump, who has touted an anti-trade and pro-jobs economic agenda, and for Democrats in their efforts to recapture a majority in the U.S. Senate. “When the story of the 2016 election is told, a major part of it will be that Bernie Sanders helped the Democratic Party turn up the volume on economic populism issues,” said Adam Green, co-founder of the liberal Progressive Change Campaign Committee. If Democrats win back the Senate in the November election, Sanders will be in line for either the chairmanship of the Budget Committee or the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions committee, both powerful platforms to advance his ideas. Chamberlain said Sanders would create a formidable one-two  punch in the Senate with Elizabeth Warren, a Massachusetts senator who has been the leader of the party’s progressive wing. “Bernie Sanders is going to fight all the good fights,” he said. “With Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren we’re going to see a Senate team that will be very powerful.” Sanders’ investment in the next generation of progressive politicians, meanwhile, is aimed at spawning a new generation of liberals who back his agenda. He has sent emails to his grassroots fundraising list urging his donors to back six insurgent congressional candidates and eight statehouse candidates who echo his economic message, sparking a flood of donations to their campaigns. More endorsements are expected. “Our movement is so powerful that we can change congressional elections overnight. Let’s keep going,” Sanders said on Tuesday in an email to supporters asking them to support two more candidates for Congress - Eric Kingson in New York and Paul Clements in Michigan. Justin Bamberg, a first-term state representative from South Carolina, said he received about $70,000 in small-dollar donations after Sanders sent an email to his supporters backing Bamberg. In Bamberg’s first campaign, he raised $21,000 during the entire cycle, he said. “They don’t know me from Adam, but they believe in Senator Sanders, and because of that they believe in the people that Senator Sanders has supported,” Bamberg said, adding he was also getting calls offering to volunteer on his behalf. Terry Alexander, a South Carolina state representative backed by Sanders, said he also had received about $70,000 in donations after the Sanders email. The money freed him from worrying about raising funds, giving him more time to focus on meeting voters, he said. “It has made a difference in how people see my candidacy, it’s created a lot of enthusiasm and a tremendous boost in fundraising,” he said. ",1
9242,California poised to shut out Republicans from U.S. Senate race,"SACRAMENTO, Calif. (Reuters) - California voters on Tuesday were poised to choose two Democrats to face off against each other in the race to succeed Barbara Boxer in the U.S. Senate, shutting out Republicans in a sign of diminished support in America’s most populous state. State Attorney General Kamala Harris and U.S. Representative Loretta Sanchez will meet in what would be the state’s first single-party Senate election under a 2010 California law advancing the top two primary vote-getters to the general election, regardless of party affiliation. With 16 percent of precincts reporting in early returns on Tuesday, Harris, 51, led the crowded field of 34 candidates with 40 percent of the vote. None of the Republican contenders came close to Sanchez, 56, who was firmly in second place with 16  percent of the vote. Boxer, 75, a Democrat, is retiring after 24 years in the Senate. Republicans hold no statewide offices in California and represent about 27 percent of registered voters. The state, home to former Republican Presidents Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan, last elected a Republican to the U.S. Senate in 1988. On Tuesday, former California Republican Party chairman Duf Sundheim was in third place with 10 percent in early returns, followed by fellow Republican Phil Wyman with 6 percent.       Harris is the daughter of two college professors. Of African-American and Indian descent, she was raised amid civil rights activism in Berkeley and Oakland, eventually becoming a prosecutor in San Francisco. She was elected attorney general in 2010 and 2014. For the primary, Harris ran a tightly controlled campaign, touting her role negotiating a settlement with big banks over the mortgage meltdown and using her position as the state’s top prosecutor to fight human trafficking, cyber crime and other issues. Sanchez, who represents Orange County near Los Angeles, has served in Congress since 1997. Her win in the once staunchly Republican county was an early sign of California’s demographic shift, as the state became more ethnically diverse and far more Democratic. Such a matchup could easily go negative, experts said, straining relationships within a party that are already bruised by the tense competition between former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders for the Democratic presidential nomination for the Nov. 8 election. Clinton and Sanders also face off in California on Tuesday. “The fact that they’re both in the same party doesn’t mean they’re going to treat each other with kid gloves,” political analyst Sherry Bebitch Jeffe said of Harris and Sanchez. “When ideological and policy differences aren’t as great, it’s only natural for the candidates to focus on personal issues,” said Dan Schnur, who heads the Unruh Institute of Politics at the University of Southern California. Sanchez, seeking to become the state’s first Latina U.S. senator, has raised less money than Harris and trails her by about 8 percentage points in polls. But factors including a recent surge in voter registration among Latinos will make her a strong competitor in the general election, analysts said. She has positioned herself more to the political center than her opponent. With support from Latinos, independents and Republicans, Sanchez could win in November despite Harris’ advantages, Schnur said. “We’re prepared for any turn in the race,” said Harris spokesman Nathan Click. A Sanchez campaign spokesman did not respond to a request for comment. ",1
9243,"Obama congratulates Clinton, to meet with Sanders: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama called former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Tuesday to congratulate her on securing the delegates needed to become the Democratic presidential nominee, the White House said. “Her historic campaign inspired millions and is an extension of her lifelong fight for middle-class families and children,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest said in a statement. Obama also spoke to Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, and will meet with him on Thursday at Sanders’ request, Earnest said. “The president thanked Senator Sanders for energizing millions of Americans with his commitment to issues like fighting economic inequality and special interests’ influence on our politics,” Earnest said. ",1
9244,"Under fire from Republicans, Trump says he'll stop talking about judge","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Bowing to pressure from fellow Republicans, Donald Trump said on Tuesday he would no longer talk about a Mexican-American judge after U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan denounced the presidential candidate’s criticism of the jurist as textbook racism. But Trump refused entreaties from party leaders to disavow his charge that U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel was showing bias because of his Mexican heritage and should recuse himself from a lawsuit alleging fraud at Trump’s defunct Trump University real estate training school. Trump said in a statement that his previous remarks about Curiel had been misconstrued. “I do not feel that one’s heritage makes them incapable of being impartial, but, based on the rulings that I have received in the Trump University civil case, I feel justified in questioning whether I am receiving a fair trial,” the presumptive Republican nominee said. Trump added that he did not plan to comment further on the matter. Trump had been suggesting that Curiel’s heritage was influencing the judge’s opinion about the case because of Trump’s campaign rhetoric about illegal immigration. Trump has pledged to seal the U.S.-Mexico border with a wall, and has said Mexico is sending rapists and drug dealers to the United States. Ryan, the country’s top elected Republican, blasted Trump’s comments, which have threatened to disrupt Republicans’ already rocky efforts to unite behind the candidate. “I regret those comments that he made. Claiming a person can’t do their job because of their race is sort of like the textbook definition of a racist comment. I think that should be absolutely disavowed,” Ryan told reporters. The controversy over Trump’s attacks on the judge has set back his efforts to try to unify the Republican party behind him ahead of the Nov. 8 general election when he will face off against presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. Speaking to supporters at the golf club he owns in the hilly suburbs of New York later on Tuesday, Trump laid out his vision for the meaning of his campaign slogan “America First,” talking about its implications for trade, energy, financial regulation and tax policies. Breaking with his usual practice of speaking off the cuff, Trump read from a teleprompter and left without taking questions from reporters. Ryan, who endorsed Trump last week after initial misgivings, said he still supported his candidacy, saying Trump would be preferable to Clinton. Behind the scenes, Trump has been pressured from friends and family to back down, fearful of the damage that may be done to his prospects in the general election, a source close to the Trump campaign said. New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, a potential Trump vice presidential running mate, was spotted at Trump Tower in New York before Trump’s statement was issued. Christie earlier in the day defended Trump as “not a racist.” “Some of his friends and family have talked to him and asked him to drop it and so far he won’t do it,” the source said, speaking before Trump’s statement was issued. “Everybody is mystified about why he would keep doing it.” Ryan’s emphatic rejection of Trump’s comments showed anxiety among party leaders about their ability to hang on to control of the U.S. Congress in November if voters trounce Trump and also punish candidates for other offices on the Republican ticket. Ryan’s counterpart in the Senate, Mitch McConnell, said Trump should stop attacking minority groups. “My advice to our nominee is to start talking about the issues that the American people care about, and to start doing it now,” the Senate Republican leader told reporters. “In addition to that, it’s time to quit attacking various people that you competed with or various minority groups in the country and get on message.” Senator Mark Kirk, an Illinois Republican who said back in March he would support whoever turned out to be the Republican nominee, said on Tuesday he could not support Trump because he did not have the “temperament necessary” for the White House. Kirk condemned Trump’s comments on Curiel as “dead wrong” and “un-American.” Kirk is seeking re-election in November. During the Republican primary campaigns, in which Trump vanquished 16 opponents with a stream of insults to rivals and inflammatory comments about Muslims, immigrants and women, establishment Republicans squirmed over the prospect of the former reality television host becoming their standard-bearer. But many, seeing no alternative, have reconciled themselves to a Trump run for the White House. Trump’s continuing practice of making explosive remarks about racial, religious and gender issues is making Republicans, including those who have embraced him, uncomfortable. With greater scrutiny of Trump now that he is set to formally win the Republican presidential nomination at the party’s July convention in Cleveland, there are concerns about the party’s ability to maintain control of the House of Representatives and Senate. “Trump’s continuing missteps, punctuated by his outrageous and indefensible comments about Judge Curiel, make that goal much more difficult to achieve,” said Lanhee Chen, a senior adviser to former presidential candidate Marco Rubio and a senior fellow at the conservative Hoover Institution. ",1
9245,Trump lawyers channel Obama in court filing,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - When lawyers for Donald Trump asked a court to throw out one of the proposed class actions over Trump University, they backed it up with a financial disclosure meant to bolster the Republican presidential candidate’s credentials as a global businessman. But the form they filed with the court was actually that of the man Trump hopes to succeed in the White House, Democratic President Barack Obama. The president’s nine-page disclosure filed before his 2012 re-election was erroneously included as an exhibit to a motion Trump filed in April asking U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel for the Southern District of California to toss the case before trial, according to a person familiar with the case. A corrected exhibit was filed on Tuesday.  Plaintiffs’ lawyer Jason Forge seized on the goof in a court document filed late on Friday opposing Trump’s motion. Forge said the candidate’s filing was meant for a court in “Bizarro world.”  “This is just one example of Trump’s statement’s complete lack of credibility,” Forge said. Julie Fei, a spokeswoman for O’Melveny & Myers, the firm that has been representing Trump in the case, declined to comment. In court filings, Trump’s lawyers said the form supported the “undisputed fact” that Trump is chairman, president and chief executive of the Trump Organization, which conducts business around the world and is affiliated with over 500 companies. Instead, it showed Obama’s royalties from his memoir “Dreams from My Father” and disclosed the first family’s 2011 assets of between $2.6 million and $8.3 million. Trump is facing two lawsuits in California and one in New York over Trump University that allege the series of real estate seminars taught students nothing and defrauded them of as much as $35,000 each in fees. The presumptive Republican nominee for the Nov. 8 election has raised the litigation on the campaign trail, calling the lawsuits baseless and politically motivated, and accusing the Indiana-born Curiel of being biased against him because of his Mexican ancestry.  Trump’s lawyers intended to file the 92-page financial disclosure form he made public last summer at the time he announced he was running for president. That lists some $1.4 billion in assets, including real estate and other holdings, and $265 million in liabilities. The disclosure does not note his net worth, which he has said is over $10 billion. ",1
9246,Trump criticizes GM for Mexico investments,"(Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump rebuked General Motors Co (GM.N) on Tuesday, widening his criticism of American companies that have invested in Mexico. Trump has made criticism of Ford Motor Co (F.N) a staple of his campaign speeches for more than a year, repeatedly suggesting that the Dearborn, Michigan, automaker would back down from plans to expand in Mexico or face a 35 percent tariff on vehicle exports. Trump also has criticized Carrier, a manufacturer of air conditioning units, which is owned by United Technologies Corp and Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ.O), the owner of Nabisco, for shifting jobs to Mexico. “I am fighting hard to bring jobs back to the United States. Many companies – like Ford, General Motors, Nabisco, Carrier – are moving production to Mexico. Drugs and illegal immigrants are also pouring across our border. This is bad for all Americans, regardless of their heritage,” Trump said in a statement defending his comments about a Mexican-American judge overseeing civil lawsuits against Trump University. His view of an ethnically biased judiciary has drawn criticism, including from within his own party.  A spokeswoman for Trump did not immediately respond to a request for comment on why Trump had decided to criticize GM. GM spokesman Jim Cain declined comment on Trump’s criticism. In December 2014, GM said it was investing $5 billion in Mexico through 2018 - a move that would allow it to double its production capacity at its plants around the country. GM said in 2014 the investment would create 5,600 jobs in Mexico. The Detroit News reported in May that GM plans next year to move some light-duty pickup production to the Flint Assembly Plant from Mexico, according to a memo from UAW Local 598 to membership. Mexican auto production has been rising in recent years as numerous automakers expand operations. Mexico produced 3.4 million vehicles in 2015, the seventh largest vehicle producer worldwide, and could surpass South Korea by 2020, producing more than 5 million vehicles, according to industry forecasts. Ford has repeatedly rejected Trump’s criticism and emphasized its significant U.S. investments and employment. In April, Ford announced it would invest $1.6 billion to build more small cars in Mexico. In 2015, Ford said it would invest $2.5 billion in new engine and transmission plants in Mexico, creating 3,800 jobs. ",1
9247,Congress approves bill updating chemical safety oversight,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Senate passed legislation on Tuesday that would revamp federal chemical safety protections for the first time in decades, sending it to President Barack Obama for his expected signing into law. The Senate approved the measure that was overwhelmingly passed by the House of Representatives on May 25. The bill would update the Toxic Substances Control Act amid complaints that its 40-year-old provisions hobble the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency from effectively regulating chemicals, including those ranging from asbestos and flame retardants to everyday household products. “No one disputes that this bill transfers power from the states to the federal government,” Republican Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky complained during debate of the bill. He said it would add hundreds of new regulations that will burden the U.S. chemical industry and hurt jobs. The EPA, under the bill, would have to consider the impact of a chemical on human health and the environment, as well as the chemical’s benefits and the economic impact of regulation. ",1
9248,White House threatens to veto Senate defense bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House threatened on Tuesday to veto a Senate defense policy bill, saying it would prevent President Barack Obama from closing the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay and limit the size of his National Security Council. “The bill would undermine expert judgments of the (Defense) Department’s civilian and military leadership and constrain the ability of the president and the secretary of defense to appropriately manage and direct the nation’s defense,” the White House said in a statement. The $602 billion National Defense Authorization Act, or NDAA, sets spending policy for the Pentagon each year. The Republican-led Congress generally uses the must-pass bill as a vehicle for a range of policy measures. The Senate Armed Services Committee passed the bill last month. It is now being debated in the full Senate, where lawmakers have introduced hundreds of amendments.  Obama had already threatened to veto the House of Representatives’ version of the annual bill, which passed that chamber last month. The White House opposed it for a number of reasons, including its use of $18 billion in special war funds for day-to-day military programs to avoid automatic budget cuts. The Senate version did not adopt that strategy. But Senator John McCain, the Armed Services Committee’s Republican chairman, filed an amendment with a similar plan to use $18 billion of so-called Overseas Contingency Operations, or OCO, funds to pay for additional troops, more equipment and an increase in a planned military pay increase. McCain and other Republicans argued that the increased spending was necessary to keep Americans safe. In a statement, he criticized Obama’s veto threat as “a sorry defense of the status quo,” and said he hoped Obama would change his mind. “I hope when the NDAA reaches the president’s desk, he understands the critical importance of this legislation to our national security better than his administration seems to now,” McCain said. Democrats said they would support more military spending if Republicans also approved spending on civilian programs. Harry Reid, the top Democrat in the Senate, said Democrats would offer their own amendment, adding funding for airport security, to combat Zika, for local police, to fight opioid addiction and improve infrastructure. “If the Republicans pass the defense amendment but then block a similar increase to middle-class programs, they will have broken the budget agreement and the appropriations process will come to a grinding halt,” Reid told a news conference. After the House and Senate pass their versions of the NDAA, the two chambers agree on a final version of the bill. If that passes, it is sent for Obama to veto or sign into law. Obama vetoed the 2016 NDAA because it sought to increase defense spending by using the war funds, and over the restrictions involving the U.S. prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, for terrorism suspects. He eventually signed a version with the Guantanamo measures after the spending plan was removed. ",1
9249,Clinton leads Trump by 10 points in White House matchup: poll,"(Reuters) - Republican Donald Trump trails Democrat Hillary Clinton by 10 points in the 2016 presidential campaign, according to a poll released on Tuesday, showing little change from a week ago and suggesting his comments about a Mexican-American judge had yet to affect his standing in the race. The latest Reuters/Ipsos poll came after several days in which Trump faced sharp criticism over his insistence that a federal judge who was born in Indiana to Mexican parents was biased in a case involving the celebrity billionaire. But the fallout from Trump’s comments appeared to have done little to help Clinton build her lead over the presumptive Republican nominee.   The online survey showed that 44.3 percent of likely voters said they would vote for Clinton, compared with 34.7 percent who would support Trump. A further 20.9 percent said they would not vote for either candidate. The results were little changed from last week’s survey. The poll was conducted from Friday to Tuesday, starting shortly after Trump’s first comments about U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel, who is overseeing fraud lawsuits against Trump University, the New York businessman’s defunct real estate school. Trump has suggested that Curiel’s heritage is influencing the judge’s opinion about the case because of Trump’s campaign rhetoric about illegal immigration. U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan called Trump’s comments textbook racism on Tuesday, while Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said Trump should stop attacking minority groups. Bowing to pressure from fellow Republicans, Trump said on Tuesday he would no longer talk about the judge, adding that his previous remarks about Curiel had been misconstrued. Other events, including news that Clinton had secured enough  delegates and superdelegates to become the first female presidential candidate of a major U.S. political party, occurred toward the end of the poll. The poll included 1,261 respondents and had a credibility interval of 3.2 percentage points. See the poll results in Reuters' Polling Explorer. [polling.reuters.com/#poll/TM651Y15_13/filters/LIKELY:1/dates/20160401-20160607/type/day] For most of the year, Clinton has maintained an edge over Trump in the Reuters/Ipsos poll of likely voters. That edge briefly disappeared in May after Trump’s remaining rivals for the Republican nomination dropped out and party leaders started to line up behind his campaign.  Trump’s level of support has since eroded as he sparred with his party’s leadership and continued to be dogged with questions about Trump University. The Reuters/Ipsos poll differs from others that are often days removed from when their data was collected. As a result, the Reuters/Ipsos poll often detects shifts in opinion well ahead of other surveys.  <^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ Polling Explorer (Clinton versus Trump) polling.reuters.com/#poll/TM651Y15_13/filters/LIKELY:1/dates/20160401-20160607/type/day ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^> ",1
9250,Democrats seek probe of Trump donation to Florida attorney general,"TAMPA, Fla. (Reuters) - Florida Democrats demanded investigations on Tuesday into a donation made by a Donald Trump foundation to the state’s attorney general, citing an Associated Press report that the Republican attorney general solicited the money around the time her office was considering a lawsuit against Trump University. At question is a 2013 donation of $25,000 from a Trump charity to a political committee supporting the attorney general, Pam Bondi, that has received media scrutiny this year.  “Florida’s top law enforcement official solicited a donation from someone she was supposed to be investigating for fraud,” Florida Democratic Party Chair Allison Tant said in a statement. “She even went as far as to campaign for Trump, who has made a habit of bragging about buying politicians. Floridians deserve answers and Pam Bondi must be held accountable,” Tant added. Bondi, who has endorsed Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee for the Nov. 8 presidential election, on Tuesday called the AP report misleading. “My office has made public every document on this issue, which shows no one in my office ever opened an investigation on Trump University nor was there a basis for doing so,” she said in a statement. “Any news story that suggests otherwise is completely false.”  The Trump campaign did not respond immediately to a request for comment. The Associated Press reported on Monday that Bondi solicited the donation personally, around the time her office was debating whether to join a New York state investigation into Trump’s defunct real estate training school. Trump is fighting lawsuits that accuse his school venture of misleading thousands of people who paid up to $35,000 for seminars to learn about the billionaire’s real estate investment strategies. Bondi ended the lawsuit deliberations after the check arrived, the AP reported. At the time of the donation, she was seeking re-election. The Tampa Bay Times quoted a Bondi spokesman saying on Monday that documents released in the case “consistently demonstrate that through due diligence, staff assessed matters brought to their attention and properly determined that New York litigation seeks relief for any and all aggrieved consumers, regardless of their state of residence.”  ",1
9251,Ruling against ex-AIG boss Greenberg raises stakes in Trump University case,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - A ruling by New York’s highest court in a fraud case against former American International Group Inc (AIG.N) Chief Executive Maurice “Hank” Greenberg could affect the state’s case against Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump and his defunct Trump University. The New York Court of Appeals ruled on Thursday that state Attorney General Eric Schneiderman could seek to recoup millions of dollars in bonus payments to Greenberg using the legal remedy called disgorgement. Unlike damages, which are used to compensate victims’ losses, disgorgement requires a defendant to give back gains obtained from unlawful means. The ruling means that Schneiderman can go after $5 million he says Trump personally pocketed from the Trump University real-estate seminar venture. “It doesn’t help him,” Jeffrey Goldman, Trump’s lawyer in the New York case, said on Monday of the Greenberg ruling. But Goldman said Trump expected to win the case and could also try to limit the amount subject to disgorgement, such as by arguing that most of it was earned outside of New York. According to the state’s 2013 lawsuit against Trump, filed in state court in Manhattan, Trump University was an unlicensed, illegal operation that bilked students of up to $35,000 each between 2005 and 2011. Two proposed class actions in California make similar allegations. Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, has repeatedly raised the Trump University litigation on the campaign trail, calling the lawsuits baseless and politically motivated. He has also accused the federal judge overseeing the California lawsuits of being biased against him because of his ethnicity. The judge was born in Indiana to Mexican parents. In the Greenberg case, the state accused the former CEO of orchestrating sham transactions at AIG and misleading shareholders about the company’s financial health between 2000 and 2005. Schneiderman is asking that Greenberg disgorge some $25 million in bonuses during that period, plus interest.  Greenberg has denied any wrongdoing. His lawyer, David Boies, who represented Democratic presidential candidate Al Gore in the dispute over the 2000 election recount, had argued that disgorgement was not a remedy available to the New York attorney general under either the state’s securities fraud law or another fraud statute. The Court of Appeals rejected Boies’ arguments. The ability to seek disgorgement may be useful to Schneiderman because the California cases involving Trump University may be resolved before the New York case. One is scheduled for trial on Nov. 28, just a few weeks after the Nov. 8 election.  A settlement or judgment in those cases could undermine Schneiderman’s claim for $40 million in damages because he is suing on behalf of many of the same former Trump University students. But disgorgement claims would not be affected. ",1
9252,Trump says his comments on Mexican-American judge misconstrued,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said on Tuesday his comments questioning the impartiality of a Mexican-American judge had been misconstrued as a broad attack on people of Mexican heritage. Trump said, however, that it was fair to question the judge’s impartiality in the civil suit against Trump University and whether he could receive a fair trial. ",1
9253,"U.S. lawmakers want more Iran sanctions, but can't agree","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A senior U.S. senator said on Tuesday he would like to pass legislation to extend expiring sanctions on Iran and enable Congress to quickly enact new ones if necessary over the country’s ballistic missile tests. The Iran Sanctions Act, which imposed nuclear, missile and terrorism sanctions on Iran, expires at the end of 2016, and both Democrats and Republicans in Congress support extending it. But Senator Ben Cardin, the top Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, acknowledged that lawmakers have not yet unified behind a proposal that would attract enough votes to pass and become law. “Members have different views,” he said at a roundtable discussion with reporters. The Obama administration has warned Congress that it would oppose new sanctions that interfere with the international nuclear pact, laying the groundwork for a potential fight over any legislation. Senator Bob Corker, the committee’s Republican chairman, has said he is working on legislation with Cardin that he hopes will attract strong bipartisan support. That measure has not yet been unveiled and aides said they had no more information about when it might be introduced. Cardin was one of several Democrats who joined every Republican in Congress in opposing the nuclear agreement with Iran announced last July. But he has urged lawmakers to accept it since a Republican-led effort to block the pact failed in September. After the deal went ahead, Cardin filed legislation meant to increase U.S. oversight of it. That bill never came up for a vote in the Republican-controlled Senate. Cardin said he still felt that bill was valid and wants to amend it to extend the Iran Sanctions Act and create a “legislative framework” so sanctions could be imposed quickly if Iran pursues its ballistic missile program. Late last month, two Democratic senators who supported the Iran nuclear agreement, Tim Kaine and Chris Murphy, introduced a separate bill to extend the Iran Sanctions Act until Obama can guarantee Iran’s nuclear program is purely peaceful.  And Republican Senator Kelly Ayotte, with 18 other senators form her party, introduced a separate bill that would extend the Iran Sanctions Act through 2031 and require new sanctions over Iran’s ballistic missile efforts. Senator Mitch McConnell, the Senate Majority Leader, has said he wants any Iran bill to come to the floor with at least the 67 votes needed to override a presidential veto. ",1
9254,Republican's plan to revamp Dodd-Frank highlights U.S. political divide,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The chair of the House Financial Services Committee has proposed getting rid of much of the regulation put in place after the financial crisis, unveiling a plan on Tuesday that ignited fierce debate in the presidential election but is expected to flame out in Washington. In a sweeping speech at the Economic Club of New York, Republican Representative Jeb Hensarling, from Texas, laid out his ideas on weakening the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law just as polls opened in six states holding presidential primaries. Hensarling also met on Tuesday with Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee who has called for dismantling the massive reform law. Trump’s campaign declined to comment on Hensarling’s plan. The lawmaker told Fox Business Network on Tuesday he would not describe the “blow-by-blow” of his meeting with Trump but said they had common ground on Dodd-Frank.  Meanwhile, the Democrats’ likely nominee, Hillary Clinton, sought to tie the real-estate tycoon to Hensarling’s proposal.  Clinton “strongly opposes Chairman Hensarling and Donald Trump’s efforts to gut critical reforms put in place to protect the public after the financial crisis,” said her adviser Gary Gensler, who headed the Commodity Futures Trading Commission when Dodd-Frank was passed. “While Republicans attempt to roll back measures that protect consumers and curb excessive risk-taking on Wall Street, Hillary Clinton will fight to defend Dodd-Frank and go beyond it, with tough new rules, stronger enforcement and more accountability.”  Hensarling’s plan would allow banks to choose between complying with Dodd-Frank or meeting much tougher capital requirements. It would also throw out the Volcker Rule that restricts banks from making speculative investments and eliminate the authority of the Financial Stability Oversight Council consisting of regulatory agencies’ heads to designate firms as “systemically important,” also known as “too big to fail.” That label triggers requirements to hold more capital and abide by stricter regulations. In essence, Hensarling said his plan involved “far more loss-absorbing capital and far less federal control.” It would also maintain the law’s section on derivatives and keep the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau created by Dodd-Frank, albeit with a changed structure. “I’m only replacing 89.7 percent of Dodd-Frank,” Hensarling joked. Few expect the plan, previewed in a video last week, to become law soon. While it could pass the Republican-controlled Congress, it would then have to be signed by President Barack Obama, who also signed Dodd-Frank into law.  On Tuesday White House spokesman Josh Earnest said reforms enacted after the crisis “essentially guarantee that taxpayers will not be on the hook for bailing out big banks if their risky bets go south.” But Obama leaves office in January and those vying to replace him, including Senator Bernie Sanders running as a Democrat, have distinct views on regulation and Wall Street. “Those on the left who gave us Dodd-Frank believe in the principle that human nature is self-destructive and that people  - except themselves, of course - are fundamentally ignorant,” Hensarling said, demonstrating the political charge of his ideas.  Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio, a Democrat mentioned as a possible vice presidential pick, shot back that Republicans seek “to make life easier for mega bankers and tougher for ordinary Americans.”  Senator Elizabeth Warren, the Massachusetts Democrat who is a firebrand for stronger regulation, said “while most Republicans in Congress are debating not whether to run away from Trump - but how far and how fast - Congressman Hensarling is sprinting toward Trump Tower.”  Trump has given few clues to how he would take apart Dodd-Frank and what he might put in its place.  “Here’s something we both agree with, and that is Dodd-Frank is impeding economic growth,” Hensarling told Fox Business. “I think he well received the message. I think he was interested in the policy.” Clinton has proposed breaking up large banks that take excessive risk, charging institutions a “risk fee,” taxing high-frequency trading, and creating more oversight of “shadow banking.” The most liberal candidate, Sanders has gone further and suggested reinstating the Glass-Steagall law that once separated commercial and investment banking. James Ballentine, head of congressional relations at  American Bankers Association, the industry’s lead trade group, said both parties “agree that parts of Dodd-Frank just aren’t working.” “Any law that generates more than 24,000 pages of proposed and final rules will inevitably include problems that should be fixed,” he said in a statement. ",1
9255,Trump should stop attacking minority groups: Senate's McConnell,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump should stop attacking minority groups and start talking about issues that Americans care about, Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said on Tuesday. “My advice to our nominee is to start talking about the issues that the American people care about, and to start doing it now,” McConnell told reporters when asked about Trump’s attacks on a Hispanic judge who is overseeing fraud lawsuits against Trump University. “In addition to that, it’s time to quit attacking various people that you competed with or various minority groups in the country and get on message.” ",1
9256,Clinton 'strongly opposes' Hensarling plan to roll back Dodd-Frank: adviser,"(Reuters) - Hillary Clinton “strongly opposes” a proposal unveiled by a Republican congressman on Tuesday to roll back Dodd-Frank financial reforms, an adviser to the Democratic presidential candidate said. In a statement, Clinton adviser Gary Gensler said the proposal from Representative Jeb Hensarling, the chairman of the House Financial Services Committee, was “ill-conceived.” “Hillary Clinton strongly opposes Chairman Hensarling and Donald Trump’s efforts to gut critical reforms put in place to protect the public after the financial crisis,” he said. ",1
9257,District of Columbia approves $15/hour minimum wage,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The District of Columbia’s city council approved a $15-an-hour minimum wage on Tuesday, a rate adopted by a growing number of U.S. cities and states seeking to battle income inequality. The council voted unanimously to pass the measure boosting the minimum hourly wage to $15 by 2020, with subsequent hikes tied to inflation. A final vote will come later this month, and Democratic Mayor Muriel Bowser has backed the bill. Once approved, the U.S. capital will join California and New York in making $15 the hourly minimum. At least eight cities, including Seattle, have also approved the $15 base. “Raising the minimum wage will help address the issues of  residents being pushed out of the District due to rising costs of living and income inequality,” Council member Vincent Orange, a sponsor of the bill, said in the hearing. He and other supporters say Washington’s robust economy and growing population mean it can support a higher minimum wage.  The District of Columbia’s base wage is $10.50, and will go up by $1 on July 1 under existing law. The federal minimum is $7.25 an hour. The $15 minimum is estimated to raise wages for 114,000 workers, or about 14 percent of the District of Columbia’s workforce, according to an analysis for the council by the non-profit Economic Policy Institute. The higher pay proposal was supported by unions but was opposed by the District’s Chamber of Commerce. It said the District should not raise wages until neighboring suburbs do. The District of Columbia’s booming restaurant industry also opposed it. Restaurant owners and the local restaurant association said that higher costs would lead to layoffs. Some lawmakers said the measure did not go far enough to address a widening income gap and 18 percent poverty rate. Council member David Grosso added an amendment requiring the government to study a minimum income system to help the poorest residents. “Raising the minimum wage is a good thing, but is $15 enough? Or should the number be $35, or $50 an hour?” he asked. Under the measure, the minimum for workers who get tips, like waiters and bartenders, would also be $15 an hour by 2020. Following talks with unions, restaurateurs and community activists, employers would have to make up the difference between a base for tipped workers that will be $5 an hour in 2020, up from the current $2.77, Orange said. ",1
9258,House Speaker Ryan says Trump comments about Hispanic judge are 'racist',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan on Tuesday disavowed Donald Trump’s criticism of a Hispanic judge, saying such remarks were the “textbook definition of a racist comment.” Ryan, speaking at an event to unveil U.S. House Republicans’ policy proposals, said the presumptive Republican presidential nominee’s comments were absolutely unacceptable and indefensible.  ",1
9259,Trump unyielding on Hispanic judge uproar,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Monday rejected a barrage of criticism from his own party over his allegations of bias against a Hispanic judge, insisting his concerns were valid. “All I want to do is figure out why I’m being treated unfairly by a judge. And a lot of people agree with it,” Trump said on Fox News. Trump has been on the defensive since his comments last week about Mexican-American U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel, who is overseeing fraud lawsuits against Trump University, the New York businessman’s defunct real estate school. He has also been castigated by Democrats, including the party’s likely presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. “I don’t know what else you could call these attacks other than racist, other than prejudiced, other than bigoted,” Clinton said in an interview with MSNBC on Monday. “It’s just plain wrong, and certainly wrong coming from someone who is vying to become President of the United States.” Trump told campaign supporters in a conference call they should stand by him in his attacks on the judge, Bloomberg Politics reported. It said during the call Trump distanced himself from a memo his campaign sent supporters on Sunday that urged them to avoid the issue. Asked for comment, Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks said: “It was a very positive call to discuss overall messaging.” Two Trump supporters, Tana Goertz and Scottie Nell Hughes, told CNN that former Arizona Governor Jan Brewer had said on the call that she wanted the campaign to go on the offense against expected Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. Goertz said Trump told his suppporters not to be afraid to “call out the media” when TV reporters suggest that Trump is racist.  Trump has suggested that Curiel’s heritage is influencing the judge’s opinion about the case because of Trump’s campaign rhetoric about illegal immigration. Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee for the Nov. 8 presidential election, has pledged to seal the U.S.-Mexico border with a wall, and has said Mexico is sending rapists and drug dealers to the United States. Former Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio, a U.S. senator from Florida, joined the chorus of criticism. In an interview with Orlando’s WFTV, Rubio called Trump’s comments wrong and said he had to stop. “I ran for president and I warned this was going to happen,” Rubio said. Trump has regularly stirred up controversy on the campaign trail and has frequently dismayed Republican establishment leaders. His view of an ethnically biased judiciary has drawn a fresh wave of criticism, including concern in his own party. On Sunday he was asked if - by the same token - he believed a Muslim judge would be biased against him based on Trump’s call for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the country. “It’s possible. Yes,” Trump said on CBS’ “Face the Nation.” Republican leaders including House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell have distanced themselves from Trump’s comments, saying they are worried the tone of his presidential campaign could enrage Latinos, who are a growing U.S. voting bloc. “If this doesn’t change we’re in for big trouble,” Senator Jeff Flake, an Arizona Republican, said on MSNBC on Monday. “I hope to be able to support the nominee. I certainly can’t now,” said Flake, whose state has a large percentage of Hispanics. A former rival for the Republican presidential nomination, Ohio Governor John Kasich, called on Trump to apologize to Curiel, who was born in Indiana to Mexican immigrant parents.  “Attacking judges based on their race (and/or) religion is another tactic that divides our country,” Kasich wrote on Twitter. “More importantly, it is flat out wrong.” It was unclear what, if any, effect the latest furor would have on Trump’s unorthodox candidacy. States with significant Hispanic populations including California, New Mexico and New Jersey hold nominating contests on Tuesday. Trump fought back against his Republican critics on Monday, with especially sharp words for Newt Gingrich, a former House speaker. Gingrich, mentioned as a possible running mate to Trump, on Sunday called Trump’s comments inexcusable. “I was surprised at Newt,” Trump told the “Fox & Friends” program. “I thought it was inappropriate what he said.” ",1
9260,House Democratic leader Pelosi backs Clinton for president,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi endorsed Hillary Clinton for the presidency on Tuesday as voters in California, the nation’s most populous state, head to the polls. In a statement, the California Democrat praised the former U.S. secretary of state and called on supporters of rival Bernie Sanders “to advance our shared fight.”  ",1
9261,BuzzFeed terminates Republican ad deal over Trump,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Online media outlet BuzzFeed has pulled out of an advertising deal reported to be worth $1.3 million with the Republican National Committee over objections to the party’s presumptive nominee Donald Trump. In an e-mail to employees on Monday, BuzzFeed founder and CEO Jonah Peretti wrote: “We don’t run cigarette ads because they are hazardous to our health, and we won’t accept Trump ads for the exact same reason.” “The Trump campaign is directly opposed to the freedoms of our employees in the United States and around the world and in some cases, such as his proposed ban on international travel for Muslims, would make it impossible for our employees to do their jobs,” Peretti wrote in the note, which was posted to BuzzFeed.com.  BuzzFeed declined further comment. Neither BuzzFeed nor the RNC would confirm the exact value of the deal, reported by Politico to be $1.3 million. According to an RNC official who declined to be identified, the deal was less than 1 percent of the party’s ad budget of about $150 million and was effectively a reservation for ad space, not a firm commitment to place ads with BuzzFeed. Trump’s campaign spokeswoman Hope Hicks said she had “nothing to add.”    The RNC provides national leadership for the Republican Party. Trump is expected to be officially nominated as the party’s candidate for the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election at the Republican National Convention in July.  ",1
9262,"From 'Hillarycare' debacle in 1990s, Clinton emerged more cautious","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich remembers the day 23 years ago when Hillary Clinton, notebook in hand, came to see him and other senior Republicans to talk about “Hillarycare.” It was early 1993. Clinton, on behalf of her husband, then-President Bill Clinton, was leading a healthcare reform drive that vaulted her onto the national stage. Hillarycare would famously collapse after a fierce debate. In interviews with Reuters, some participants looked back on it as a crucible for the Democratic presidential front-runner that helped shape her approach to politics and governing. The experience, they said, may have tempered her ambitions for the capacity of government and made her more of an incrementalist.  “Back then, she seemed to have more of a taste for the big theory and the big plan,” said Republican activist and editor Bill Kristol, who wrote anti-Hillarycare strategy memos for Republicans in the 1990s. Kristol said that since then, Clinton, who is vying to face off against presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump in the Nov. 8 U.S. election, seems to have learned that “the appearance of a massive government imposition on the citizenry doesn’t go over well in America.” Clinton walked into the 1993 meeting with Gingrich and said she wanted to learn from him and other leaders who were already studying healthcare. He was then the Republican whip in the U.S. House of Representatives. She was the highly accomplished wife of the Democratic Party’s new superstar and a Yale-educated lawyer.  Gingrich’s advice to her was simple: Do a series of small reforms year to year. Don’t do a comprehensive plan. “You won’t be able to pass it,” Gingrich said he warned Clinton in the meeting, also attended by then-House Republican Leader Bob Michel and then-Representative Dennis Hastert. “It will fall of its own weight ... She listened to us carefully and promptly went off and did whatever she wanted to,” recalled Gingrich, now a political commentator often mentioned as a potential vice presidential running mate to Donald Trump. Later that year, the Clinton White House delivered an ambitious and complex, 1,342-page proposal for universal health insurance for all Americans. The first lady led the charge and testified in a series of lengthy congressional hearings. She wowed lawmakers with her energy and intelligence. But she could not convince enough of them to back the plan. Conservatives and healthcare industry interests attacked it. One negative TV ad campaign paid for by health insurers memorably featured the fictional couple Harry and Louise. In the end, Hillarycare failed, and never even received a floor vote in the House or Senate, although both chambers had Democratic majorities. Aided by the backlash that followed against “big government” Democrats, the Republicans in 1994 won a majority in the House for the first time since the 1950s, and Gingrich became speaker in early 1995.  Even Clinton supporters acknowledged that the size and scope of Hillarycare unsettled some Americans. “She has learned that excessive disruption in this country creates great angst. And also division,” said Chris Jennings, who was the first lady’s congressional liaison during the 1993-94 battle, and is now an informal adviser on healthcare to Clinton’s campaign. Reuters did not speak with Clinton for this story. But Clinton wrote in her 2003 autobiography “Living History” that “our most critical mistake was trying to do too much, too fast. That said, I still believe we were right to try.” Clinton has also pointed out that while she was still first lady, she rebounded from the Hillarycare setback by urging Democrats and Republicans to pass a health insurance program for children in low-income families.  Clinton was elected in 2000 to the U.S. Senate, where she displayed bipartisanship and caution, said Jim Manley, who was a junior staffer for Senator Ted Kennedy in 1993-94 and later the spokesman for Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid. “Once she got to the Senate, she was determined to work with Republicans,” Manley said. “The senator I saw was someone who was very cautious. She picked an issue and worked very hard to build consensus.” Now, having run unsuccessfully for president in 2008 and having served as secretary of state, Clinton is on course to take on Trump, a former reality television personality and luxury real estate developer. On the campaign trail she talks about building on President Barack Obama’s 2010 Affordable Care Act, which made health insurance more accessible to millions of Americans. She favors a “public option,” or government-run plan, being added to the Affordable Care Act. She also has suggested allowing some working Americans to buy into the Medicare government health insurance system for the elderly. “What she (Clinton) doesn’t believe at this moment in time is that we can or should just start all over again” on healthcare, said Jennings, her former congressional liaison. ",1
9263,Clinton clinches Democratic nomination: AP delegate count,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Hillary Clinton has reached the number of delegates needed to clinch the Democratic presidential nomination, the Associated Press said on Monday, putting her on course to become the first woman to head a major U.S. party ticket. Clinton, a former secretary of state, reached the 2,383 delegates needed to become the presumptive Democratic nominee  with a decisive weekend victory in Puerto Rico and a burst of last-minute support from superdelegates, the AP reported. Clinton has 1,812 pledged delegates won in primaries and caucuses. She also has the support of 571 superdelegates, according to an Associated Press count. The Democratic Party holds its convention in Philadelphia in July to formally choose its nominee for the Nov. 8 election against presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump. ",1
9264,Trump University lawyers ask judge for another shot at ending class action,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Lawyers for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump asked the California federal judge he attacked last week as biased based on his Mexican heritage to end the Trump University fraud class action currently scheduled to go on trial in November.  In filings late on Friday, Trump’s lawyers argued the case should not continue as a class action including all students who took the classes in California, New York and Florida. The lawyers claimed the students’ cases were too dissimilar to be heard as a class because they were exposed to different marketing and advertisements and were told different things by Trump University employees. San Diego U.S. District Court Judge Gonzalo P. Curiel is overseeing two class action lawsuits over Trump University. Last week, the presidential candidate said Curiel had treated him unfairly because he was a Mexican opposed to Trump’s proposal to build a wall along the U.S. border with Mexico. The judge was born in Indiana to Mexican parents. Trump’s lawyers on Friday sought permission from Judge Curiel to renew an earlier motion to decertify the class. The judge previously ruled the case could proceed as a class action on the issue of liability, though each student would have to prove damages separately. In April, Trump’s lawyers also filed a motion to decertify the class in the other California case. The judge has not yet ruled on that motion. If the judge were to decertify the classes, former Trump University students would have to bring individual lawsuits.  Trump and his for-profit real estate seminars have been accused of bilking students who paid as much as $35,000 for an opportunity to learn the businessman’s real estate investment strategies. The students claim they were defrauded, including by false claims that he had handpicked instructors to teach them his secrets.  “Given TU students’ radically different experiences, plaintiffs cannot show that TU students were exposed to the same ‘core’ misrepresentations,” Daniel Petrocelli, a lawyer for Trump, wrote in Friday’s filing.  Lawyers for the plaintiffs declined to comment on the filing. ",1
9265,"Obama lauds Denver Broncos, Peyton Manning for Super Bowl win","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama welcomed the Denver Broncos to the White House on Monday to congratulate the Super Bowl champions for their victory over the Carolina Panthers and send off retiring quarterback Peyton Manning with words of praise.  “I have to say I’m so pleased to be able to host Peyton here at the White House before I left. Anybody who has been a football fan has watched what is one of the greatest Hall of Fame careers ever,” Obama said, with the team standing behind him in the White House Rose Garden. “We were all obviously a little disappointed to see him hang it up this spring. But as somebody who is just a little bit older than he is, I was sympathetic to the idea that running around with these guys, it takes its toll,” Obama, 54, said of Manning, 40. Obama leaves office in January. As he often does, Obama noted he remained a fan of his hometown team, the Chicago Bears, but he conceded that the Broncos had a good year. “I will continue to root for the Bears,” he said to laughter. “But I’ve got to give this organization credit for having done an extraordinary job. And this is a well-deserved celebration of an extraordinary season.” The Broncos won their third National Football League championship with a 24-10 win over Carolina in the Super Bowl in February. The following month, Manning retired after an 18-year career with the Indianapolis Colts and Denver that established him as one of the game’s greatest quarterbacks. ",1
9266,U.S. appeals court weighs revealing 'Bridgegate' co-conspirators,"PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - A U.S. appeals court on Monday heard nearly two hours of argument on whether to release publicly a list of unindicted co-conspirators in the “Bridgegate” criminal case involving allies of New Jersey Governor Chris Christie. The three-judge panel at the 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Philadelphia did not immediately rule, and a rapid-fire volley of skeptical questions aimed at lawyers for both sides made it difficult to predict how the court was leaning. A lawyer representing an individual on the list, identified only as “John Doe,” urged the court to throw out a lower judge’s decision to release the information sought by a group of media companies. “It’s not about what they would like to know,” said Doe’s attorney, Jenny Parker. “It’s about what they are legally entitled to know.” But Bruce Rosen, a lawyer for the media, argued the public’s right to know was paramount. “This is an extremely important issue that goes to how deeply this conspiracy went into the government,” he said. The list could shed light on the extent of the scheme to shut down access lanes to the George Washington Bridge in 2013 in what prosecutors claim was an act of political revenge against a local mayor. Christie, who ran unsuccessfully for the Republican presidential nomination this year, has denied any knowledge of the plot, but the scandal has remained a source of embarrassment. The list includes individuals that prosecutors believe were part of the conspiracy but are not facing criminal charges. Prosecutors have given defense lawyers the information as part of pretrial proceedings. Monday’s argument largely focused on a technical issue: whether the list was a “bill of particulars,” a document that can be subject to public release, or an informal discovery letter that would normally stay sealed. Paul Fishman, the U.S. Attorney in New Jersey, argued in support of Doe’s position, saying prosecutors should be allowed to hand over such information to defendants without fear it will be revealed. As an alternative, the court is considering whether to release all the names but that of John Doe, an option both Doe and the government oppose. Three people have been charged in the case. William Baroni, a former official at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, and Bridget Kelly, Christie’s former deputy chief of staff, are scheduled to face trial in September. David Wildstein, also a former official at the Port Authority, has pleaded guilty and is cooperating. ",1
9267,Which ‘La Raza’? Trump comments cause confusion over group's role,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s attacks on a federal judge of Mexican heritage have ignited hundreds of postings on social media about an advocacy group for Latinos that some Trump supporters are calling a terrorist organization. The presumptive Republican presidential nominee has said that U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel, an Indiana native whose parents are Mexican immigrants, is making unfair rulings against him as the presiding judge in a class-action lawsuit over Trump University because of his plans to crack down on illegal immigration, including a promise to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border. As evidence of what they say is Curiel’s bias, Trump and some of his supporters have pointed to the judge’s membership in La Raza Lawyers of San Diego, a local group for Hispanic lawyers that is affiliated with the Hispanic National Bar Association. Some Trump supporters have incorrectly linked La Raza Lawyers to the National Council of La Raza, a 50-year-old civil rights group that has been strongly critical of Trump’s proposals on immigration, as well as his idea to temporarily ban Muslims from entering the United States.  The NCLR’s non-profit designation bars it from engaging in political campaigns, and the group’s website describes it as a “nonpartisan voice for Latinos.”  A conservative blog, GotNews.com, first noted Curiel’s membership in the lawyer’s group, which it identified simply as “La Raza,” on May 31. A day later, another conservative website, The Daily Caller, made a link to the NCLR. After the NCLR was first named, Trump fans on Twitter began attacking it. “Judge #TrumpHater #GonzaloCuriel is a member of the #TERRORIST group #LaRazza #BANLaRazza #GonzaloCuriel #RESIGN,” wrote a user @WillysBaldSpot, whose profile describes her as a Trump supporter.  “I would never have known the “La Raza” organization existed without Trump’s controversial comments. #genius,” wrote @asamjulian, another self-proclaimed Trump fan. Trump on Sunday repeated his attack on Curiel in an interview on CBS’s “Face the Nation.” “He’s a member of a club or society very strongly pro-Mexican, which is all fine. But I say he’s got bias,” Trump said in the interview.  “This judge has treated me very unfairly. He’s treated me in a hostile manner, and there’s something going on,” he added. The words “La Raza” translate from Spanish to mean “the race,” which Trump fans cite as proof the NCLR is a group of people who hate anyone who isn’t Hispanic.  Lisa Navarrete, an NCLR spokeswoman, rejected that interpretation, saying that “thousands” of groups had names that included “La Raza” as a “nod to our common heritage.” The attacks on the advocacy group are the latest signs of the increasing racial tension in the 2016 presidential race. Critics have said Trump’s calls to deport undocumented immigrants and ban Muslims amount to racism. His supporters say he’s defending the country from terrorism and violence.  Some supporters of the New York businessman have blamed the NCLR for the violent clashes between anti-Trump protesters and Trump fans at a San Jose, California, rally last week. “Thank you La Raza for putting California into play for Trump,” wrote another supporter, @magnifier661. “Your violent fascism turned off the voting class #MAGA (a hashtag meaning Make America Great Again).”  The NCLR has been criticized in the past for its leaders’ statements on immigration - the group supports a path to citizenship for people who entered the United States illegally - but Navarrete said it has never before attracted the ire of a presidential candidate.  Over the past week, she said, she and other NCLR officials have been calling journalists and pundits they believe are mischaracterizing the group.  “We’ve been doing a lot of correcting the media and making sure they’re not repeating what supporters of Mr. Trump are saying,” she said. “We’re sitting around arguing the minutiae of banking regulation, not running around in hoods.’” Hope Hicks, Trump’s spokeswoman, declined to comment. ",1
9268,California or bust? Clinton hopes to strike gold in pivotal vote,"WASHINGTON/LONG BEACH, California (Reuters) - If Hillary Clinton ends up losing California to Bernie Sanders, it will be because of voters like Nallely Perez. Perez personifies what a Clinton supporter was supposed to look like: a 24-year-old Latina who grew up idolizing the former first lady as a groundbreaking woman in politics. But when she votes in California’s Democratic presidential nominating contest on Tuesday, Perez will be supporting Sanders.   “Everything that I would stand for, he has said it,” said Perez, a student at California State University, Long Beach, who said she likes Sanders’ promises of tuition-free college and universal healthcare. “We found our voice in him.”  California is the final big contest in the long, bitter fight for the Democratic nomination. Opinion polls show the Democratic race there tightening in recent weeks. Where Clinton, a former secretary of state, once held a big lead over Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, the two now are nearly tied.  A University of Southern California/Los Angeles Times poll released on Friday showed Sanders with a one-percentage-point lead over Clinton in the state, 44 to 43 percent, a swing from March when Clinton held a nine-point edge.  On the Republican side, Donald Trump has earned the nomination for the Nov. 8 election, and Clinton is close to capturing the number of delegates she needs to head the Democratic ticket. Her campaign expects that a win in New Jersey earlier on Tuesday will secure the nomination.  But a loss in a populous Democratic stronghold like California could lend credence to Trump’s claim that she is a weakened candidate.  “Clinton would like to go to the nominating convention with the wind at her back and tamp down the perception that she doesn’t excite Democrats,” said Rodell Mollineau, a Democratic strategist in Washington. A Sanders victory will not clear the way to his nomination unless it triggers a defection by scores of superdelegates - party office-holders and officials - from Clinton’s camp, an unlikely outcome.  Sanders has vowed to use California as a springboard to the party convention in Philadelphia in July. A win, especially a big one, would validate the self-described democratic socialist’s decision to stay in the race to the end and give him leverage to influence Clinton’s policies and cabinet picks. “The game he is playing is to be able to draw as many concessions as he can out of the party and the Clinton campaign,” Mollineau said. The area around Long Beach, part of the 47th congressional district in California, has emerged as a key battleground. Sanders campaigned there a week ago; Clinton was in the area on Friday and may return again before Tuesday’s vote. The district’s congressman, Representative Alan Lowenthal, remains one of the few uncommitted Democratic members of the House of Representatives to either Clinton or Sanders. His district once leaned Republican, but is becoming increasingly liberal thanks to an influx of Latino and Asian-American voters who comprise the majority of  residents.  The large minority population might be expected to translate into an advantage for Clinton, who has consistently shown strength with such groups. But a Reuters reporter who toured the area observed an abundance of Sanders supporters.  In the Belmont Shore neighborhood of Long Beach, Sanders  volunteers Gordon Winiemko and Jon Fellman manned a table on the sidewalk outside a coffeehouse.  They had a long discussion with Shawn Coleman, a 24-year-old film student, who told them he preferred Sanders to Clinton because “I think I’m a little bit more for what Bernie has in mind for the future, I think he’s right, and Hillary doesn’t really seem on it.”  Lia Roldan, a 42-year-old set decorator in the film industry who lives in Long Beach, said she was voting for Sanders because “he has a lot of experience in standing up for causes that benefit the working class.” Roldan said she would reluctantly support Clinton in a contest against Trump. “I’ll vote for her only because I don’t want a Republican to win, but I don’t really feel in my heart that I would vote for her otherwise,” she said.  Stopping Trump was on the minds of those who said they would vote for Clinton on Tuesday. “I love Bernie,” said Sami Reed, 42, the CEO of a corporate wellness business, interviewed in a thrift shop, “but I’ll probably vote for Hillary just because I don’t want Trump to win.”  A second-term congressman, Lowenthal told Reuters he has come under a “tremendous amount of grief and pressure from Sanders people” to support him, but he would not say for whom he would vote. At California events, Clinton has been careful to focus her criticism on Trump, not Sanders, while talking up her national security experience. She will almost certainly need the support of passionate Sanders’ backers to defeat the outspoken Trump in November. ",1
9269,New York City ad campaign supports transgender bathroom rights,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Mayor Bill de Blasio on Monday announced a citywide advertising campaign supporting a person’s right to use bathrooms corresponding with his or her gender identity, wading into a debate that has pitted more than a dozen states against the federal government. The advertisements, which de Blasio described as the nation’s first government-sponsored citywide campaign of its kind, will appear in subway cars, at bus stops, on phone booths and in both online and traditional publications. The ads feature transgender New Yorkers and encourage residents to “look past pink and blue,” among other messages. In March, de Blasio signed an executive order ensuring that transgender people can use the bathroom of their choice in any city-owned building without being asked for identification by employees. City law already allows transgender individuals to use the bathroom that corresponds with their gender identity. “While other cities and states are legislating intolerance and taking away individuals’ right to use bathrooms consistent with their gender identity, we are proudly standing with our transgender and gender non-conforming New Yorkers,” de Blasio, a Democrat, said in a statement. President Barack Obama’s administration in May released guidance telling public schools across the United States that they must allow transgender students to use the bathroom of their choice. The letter, which offered the U.S. government’s interpretation of anti-discrimination law, contained the implicit threat of cutting off federal funding for schools that do not comply.  Officials from more than a dozen states have either sued or plan to sue the Obama administration, challenging the directive as unconstitutional. North Carolina and the U.S. Department of Justice exchanged federal lawsuits last month over the state’s law banning people from using bathrooms that do not correspond to their gender of their birth. ",1
9270,Clinton hires Latino as voter outreach deputy,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - As she looks ahead to the November White House election, Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton has hired the leader of a group that seeks to built political power among Latinos to help mobilize key voting communities. Cristobal Alex, president of the non-partisan Latino Victory Project, will be the Clinton campaign’s new deputy director of voter outreach and mobilization, starting later this month, an aide said. Alex will work under Addisu Demissie, the national voter outreach and mobilization director.  Minority voters have been major blocs for Clinton as she has built a commanding lead over Senator Bernie Sanders, her rival for the Democratic nomination, and they could prove a crucial factor in the general election.  Among those minority voters are Latinos, a fast-growing group that, many activists say, has recently seen a spike in voter registration. Many activists point to presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump as the spur for those registrations. Seeking to portray himself as tough on illegal immigration, Trump has angered Latinos by saying Mexico is sending rapists and drug dealers over the border, and pledging to build a border wall that he says he will make Mexico pay for. Most recently, he has drawn criticism, including from senior Republicans, for saying a Mexican-American federal judge overseeing lawsuits involving fraud allegations against Trump University cannot do his job properly because of his Mexican heritage. In contrast, both Clinton and Sanders have actively wooed Latino voters, releasing ads in Spanish and promising to hire Latinos to key cabinet positions.  But one complication when courting these voters is the difficulty in polling multi-lingual, multi-cultural communities. “Throughout the election cycle we know that we are going to see a lot of really bad Latino polling,” said Matt Barreto, co-founder of research firm Latino Decisions and pollster for the Clinton campaign for Latino issues. Barreto said that he has used “large sample surveys of Latino voters” for the campaign. “We are very confident that the Clinton campaign is taking all the necessary steps to gather the most accurate data possible on Latinos voters,” he added. Clinton added to her delegate lead Sunday, when she won Puerto Rico’s primary. Primaries on Tuesday, when Clinton hopes to wrap up the nomination, include delegate-rich California, with a diverse population including Latinos, African Americans and Asian Americans. Latino activists have warned Democrats that merely attacking  Trump is not enough to win their votes, pressing for engagement on a range of issues. ",1
9271,"Obama to visit Poland, Spain in NATO summit trip in July: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama will travel to Poland and Spain next month to attend the NATO Summit, including a bilateral meeting with Polish President Andrzej Duda to discuss security issues, the White House said on Monday.  Obama will attend his last NATO summit in Warsaw from July 7 to July 9, the White House said in a statement. He then travels to meet with leaders in Spain, a NATO ally, from July 9 to July 11, it said. ",1
9272,Clinton picks up win in Puerto Rico's Democratic primary: NBC News,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Hillary Clinton won the Puerto Rico Democratic primary on Sunday, moving her a step closer to prevailing over her rival, Bernie Sanders, in the fight for her party’s presidential nomination.  Clinton was the projected winner over Sanders in the U.S. island territory, according to NBC News. The win gives the former secretary of state a boost ahead of a big night on Tuesday, when six states, including New Jersey and California, will hold nominating contests. Clinton is hoping to cross the threshold of 2,382 delegates needed to secure the nomination for the Nov. 8 presidential election as early as 8 p.m. EDT on Tuesday, when polls close in New Jersey. She and Sanders, the U.S. senator from Vermont, are in a dead heat in California. But delegates in the state are awarded on a proportional basis, so even a loss there for Clinton would not be likely to stop her from securing her party’s nomination and a likely general election contest with presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump. Ahead of Puerto Rico’s nominating contest, Clinton had been just 60 delegates shy of clinching the nomination, when including superdelegates, who consist of party leaders and elected senators, members of Congress and governors. Sanders is bracing for a prolonged fight that will run into the Democratic convention at the end of July. Networks reported huge voter turnout and long lines in Puerto Rico, with just over 430 polling stations open compared with over 2,000 in 2008.  The island is suffering through a severe debt crisis, which has hampered basic government services. ",1
9273,"On shrinking U.S. corporate tax base, presidential candidates differ sharply","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The corporate income tax is a major revenue source for the U.S. government, but it has been shrinking for decades and the three main presidential candidates could not differ more dramatically on what to do about it. Republican Donald Trump and Democrats Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders have starkly contrasting plans, some more detailed than others, for taxing corporations. The tax paid by companies on their profits accounted for 30 percent of the U.S. federal tax base in the 1950s; last year, it was only 11 percent, Internal Revenue Service data show.  The decline, experts say, has many causes: loopholes that cut corporations’ taxes; a lower corporate tax rate; rising overseas profits that are lightly taxed; and a shift away from incorporation toward partnerships and other business structures that pay no corporate tax. Despite the dwindling corporate tax base, Trump, the Republicans’ presumptive nominee for the Nov. 8 election, wants to ease the burden on companies by slashing the corporate tax rate to 15 percent from 35 percent. In this regard, he shares the same view as most Republicans. Trump, a real estate developer, has described his proposals as revenue neutral, saying reduced tax rates would be paid for by eliminating some tax breaks and repatriating corporate cash held overseas. However, the Tax Policy Center, a centrist tax research group in Washington, said that under Trump’s plan, corporate income tax revenues would fall $1.9 trillion from 2016 to 2026. A cut on that scale would hugely expand the federal budget deficit, unless severe budget cuts or alternative tax hikes were also made, the center said. Steven Rosenthal, a Tax Policy Center senior fellow, said Trump’s plan is a standard business-focused approach, but “the drafting is incomplete, so we can’t tell exactly what he’s thinking.”   A Trump campaign spokeswoman pointed to the proposals on the campaign website but declined to comment further. Republicans generally support corporate income tax cuts because, they say that would help corporations compete globally. In addition, some question the validity of the tax, which they say is passed on to consumers and investors. “Taxing businesses is the Democrats’ version of manna from heaven: someone else supposedly is paying for the government. But all citizens are hurt through lower growth, higher prices, lower wages,” said Grover Norquist, a Republican tax activist. “Taxes should be transparent. It should be clear who is paying them. The corporate income tax is designed to hide the tax burden,” said Norquist, president of Americans for Tax Reform, a small-government group that opposes tax increases. Democrats tend to view the corporate income tax as a fair levy on businesses that benefit from the security, services and infrastructure provided by government. Corporations have been taxed by Washington since 1909. Clinton, a former secretary of state and the front-runner for the Democratic nomination, has not promised a corporate tax cut. Like Trump, she has called for closing loopholes that corporations use to avoid taxes. But unlike Trump, her plan would raise corporate tax revenues by $136 billion over 10 years, the Tax Policy Center said. Clinton spokesman Jesse Ferguson said the candidate’s proposals “go further to prevent the erosion of the corporate tax base by ensuring corporations pay their fair share.” But the Clinton campaign has yet to release its full plan. Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont challenging Clinton for the Democratic nomination, would make more drastic changes and boost the corporate tax take by $1 trillion in the same decade, mostly by raising taxes on overseas profits, according to the Tax Policy Center. “Virtually all of the revenue raised by Senator Sanders’ corporate tax plan would come from large, multinational corporations that have shifted their profits offshore to avoid taxes,” said Sanders policy adviser Warren Gunnels.  The question of whether businesses pay their fair share of taxes strikes a chord with Americans on the campaign trail. An April Gallup poll found 67 percent of U.S. adults said corporations do not pay enough tax.    Since the mid-1950s, income tax receipts from individuals  have held steady at 40-50 percent of federal revenues, while payroll taxes, deducted from the paychecks of wage-earners, have soared to 34 percent last year from 5-10 percent in the 1950s. Meanwhile, Congress has steadily reduced the corporate tax rate, now 35 percent. That is down from 46 percent in 1986, and 52 percent in 1956. Over that period, corporations have also carved out various loopholes that let them avoid paying the full rate.  The corporate tax applies only to incorporated businesses, while other business structures have been gaining in popularity. In 2003, the share of U.S. business income generated by incorporated companies fell below the share made by partnerships and other kinds of companies that pay no corporate tax.  Whatever candidates may say on the campaign trail, no changes can occur without agreement by Congress. And despite years of talk about the importance of tax reform, neither President Barack Obama nor lawmakers on Capitol Hill have been able to agree on a reform agenda that many say is needed to boost the economy and bring sanity to a tax code of Byzantine complexity. ",1
9274,Senior Republicans criticize Trump's remarks on Hispanic judge,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senior U.S. Republicans distanced themselves on Sunday from Donald Trump’s comments about a Mexican-American judge, saying they were worried that the tone of his presidential campaign could enrage Latinos, who are a growing U.S. voting bloc. Trump has accused U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel of harboring a bias against him in lawsuits involving fraud allegations against Trump University, the New York business man’s now-defunct real estate school. The presumptive Republican nominee has suggested Curiel’s Mexican-American heritage had influenced the judge’s opinion because of Trump’s campaign pledge to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said he “couldn’t disagree more” with Trump’s comments about the judge. “I am concerned about the Hispanic vote, America is changing,” McConnell told “Meet The Press”. “I think it’s a big mistake for our party to write off Latino Americans. I am concerned about that and I hope he will change his direction on that.” Democrats have accused Trump of racially tinged rhetoric about Latinos, including his description of Mexican immigrants as “criminals and rapists” in the speech he gave a year ago launching his campaign. Such rhetoric has exacerbated friction between Trump and Republican party leaders such as McConnell and House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan. For the past few years, the party has been trying to broaden its appeal with Latino voters and senior Republicans are concerned that Trump’s comments could cost the party votes, not only in the presidential race but in congressional races as well. Former House of Representatives Speaker Newt Gingrich, who has been mentioned as a possible running mate to Trump, called Trump’s comments about the judge “inexcusable.” “This is one of the worst mistakes Trump has made,” Gingrich told Fox News. Curiel was born in Indiana to Mexican-immigrant parents. “He is a member of a club or society very strongly pro Mexican, which is all fine. But I say he’s got bias. I want to build a wall,” Trump said in an interview on Sunday on “Face the Nation”. Asked if he believed a Muslim judge would be biased against him based on Trump’s call for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the country, Trump replied, “It’s possible. Yes.” McConnell said America is a nation full of immigrants — pointing out that his wife, former Labor Secretary Elaine Chao, came to the United States when she was eight and didn’t speak English. “All of us came here from somewhere else,” McConnell said. Senator Bob Corker, who chairs the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said on “ABC’s This Week” that he did not “condone the comments” that Trump made about Curiel. Legal scholars on the right and the left have criticized Trump for attacking the judge, saying it could harm judicial independence should he become president.  Former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales, who is of Mexican descent, was one of the few Republicans to defend Trump. Gonzales argued in a column in The Washington Post that Trump should be allowed to question a judge’s fairness, saying that questioning a judge is crucial to ensuring public trust in the courts.  But when asked about the racial element in an interview on Sunday on Fox News, Gonzales criticized Trump.  “I certainly would have taken a different approach,” he said. “Whenever you say something about a judge’s nationality, I think it demeans the office and hurts the judiciary as a whole.” ",1
9275,"Farah breaks Moorcroft's 3,000m British record","(Reuters) - Double Olympic champion Mo Farah continued his build-up to the Rio Games by breaking David Moorcroft’s 34-year-old British record in the 3,000 meters at a Diamond League meeting in Birmingham on Sunday. Farah, the 5,000 and 10,000m gold medalist at the 2012 London Olympics, won in seven minutes 32.62 seconds after striding out at the front in a determined effort to beat Moorcroft’s 1982 time of 7:32.79. “Did I get it?,” the 33-year-old, who pulled out of the meet last year after being angered by allegations surrounding his coach Alberto Salazar, who denied violating anti-doping rules, asked a BBC interviewer. “That’s incredible... I thought I’d just missed it. It was a bit tight on the last lap, I had to dig in,” added Farah, who paid tribute to his boyhood hero Muhammad Ali before the race by striking a boxing stance. Former Olympic and world heavyweight champion Ali died on Friday aged 74 and Sunday’s meeting held a minute’s applause for the man known as ‘The Greatest’. “He was a big hero of mine and I send all my condolences to his family and friends,” said Somali-born Farah, who will defend  his titles in Rio in August. Kenya’s Mathew Kiptanui was second in 7:44.16 with compatriot Hillary Maiyo third. Kenyan David Rudisha, the Olympic 800m champion and world record holder, ran the second fastest 600m ever with his time of 1:13.10, not far off the world best of 1:12.81 in the little-run distance. He felt he could have gone faster. “I think I lost it in the last 100 meters,” he said. Apart from Farah and Rudisha, there were four other world leading times at the meet including for Conseslus Kipruto of Kenya in winning the men’s steeplechase in 8:00.12 and for his  compatriot Asbel Kiprop who took the 1,500 in 3:29.33. Qatar’s Mutaz Barshim won the men’s high jump with a world leading leap of 2.37 meters, while Cuba’s Yarisley Silva produced a year’s best of 4.84 in the women’s pole vault.    Britain’s Greg Rutherford, another 2012 Olympic champion, was beaten in the long jump for the first time since last July. He said after his jump of 8.17 left him fifth, with American Marquise Goodwin winning comfortably with a mark of 8.42, that he was struggling with a “mild neck injury” from the previous round in Rome last week. “We have tried to get it 100 percent ready in time. Sadly I have made it worse on the first landing and I am currently unable to move my neck,” he said. “The doctor thinks it is a bad whiplash but it won’t affect my Olympic bid. I am positive the British Athletics medical staff will be able to fix it over the next week.” Australia’s Sally Pearson, the Olympic 100 meters hurdles champion, made her competitive return a year after shattering her wrist in a fall in Rome but finished seventh in a race won by American Kendra Harrison in 12.46 seconds. ",1
9276,Kerry hails Mongolia as 'oasis of democracy' in tough neighborhood,"ULAANBAATAR (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry hailed Mongolia as an “oasis of democracy” sitting in a tough location between Russia and China as he made a rare visit by a cabinet-level U.S. official on Sunday. Arriving from Paris, Kerry made the visit to Mongolia en route to Beijing to attend the eighth Strategic and Economic Dialogue, the high-level talks held between the United States and China each year. The Obama administration has sought to cultivate Mongolia as a partner, given its location between two increasingly assertive U.S. rivals – China and Russia, countries Mongolia relies on heavily for trade and energy imports. U.S. officials regularly tout Mongolia, a country of three million people, as an inspirational story of democratic transition since winning independence from the Soviet Union a quarter-century ago. “You really set a great example,” Kerry told Mongolian and American embassy staff at the U.S. ambassador’s residence. “You’ve got China on one side of you, and Russia on the other side of you, and there are always a lot of pressures, and here you are in this oasis of democracy fighting for your own identity.” But Mongolia’s democratic and human rights records have come under scrutiny. The 2015 State Department report on human rights in Mongolia noted “vague laws and a lack of transparency in legislative, executive, and judicial processes” that “undermined government efficiency and public confidence and invited corruption.” Parliamentary elections are to be held this month, and democracy advocates have criticized a rule change by parliament last month that is expected to disadvantage smaller parties. The lack of transparency in business regulations has hampered foreign investment, officials say, badly needed in an economy where growth has all but halted, far from a peak of 17.5 percent in 2011.  Falling prices for its chief exports, coal and copper, and weak demand from China, by far Mongolia’s biggest trading partner, are behind the slowdown. Kerry said it was important the Mongolian government implement a transparency agreement with the United States, which would provide greater business confidence to foreign investors.  The Mongolian and U.S. governments signed the agreement in 2013 after years of negotiations but its final implementation has been mired in red tape.  The agreement would commit Mongolia to publish in English an explanation for proposed regulations, and allow for public comments on those regulations, among other measures. “The implementation of this agreement is really key, a very important step to be able to attract foreign direct investment,” Kerry said. ",1
9277,Clinton hits rivals on immigration in California campaign swing,"LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Hillary Clinton fought on two fronts in California on Saturday as she sought to wrap up her battle with Bernie Sanders for the Democratic nomination, taking aim at him and at Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, with attacks on their immigration stances. Both Clinton and Sanders campaigned across California, stopping in immigrant communities, big cities and the agricultural heartland on the final weekend before Tuesday’s primary in the nation’s biggest state. Clinton used a stop at a Los Angeles-area college to criticize Trump for making “hateful, very prejudicial” statements about immigrants and Sanders for voting against a 2007 comprehensive immigration reform bill. “I was in the Senate then, so was President Obama and so was Senator Sanders. President Obama and I voted for it, Senator Sanders voted against it. And that ended it,” Clinton said. “It was heartbreaking,” she added. Latinos comprise almost 40 percent of California’s population of roughly 39 million. Clinton, also a former secretary of state, is expected to sew up the party nomination on Tuesday, when California is one of six state holding nominating contests. Except for Washington, D.C., those states are holding the last Democratic nominating contests before the party’s July convention. Clinton needs a win in heavily Democratic California to begin unifying her party. Though Sanders, a U.S. senator of Vermont, faces nearly insurmountable odds to become the Democratic nominee, he has invested heavily in California, where a win could pressure the party to adopt some of the populist policies that have driven his campaign. Polls show Sanders has chipped away at Clinton’s lead in the state, where Clinton and her husband, former President Bill Clinton, have built a vast network of supporters, including increasingly powerful Hispanic voters. Recent tracking polls showed Clinton having a 2 to 10 percentage point lead over Sanders in California. At a town hall in Los Angeles, Sanders promised to fight for comprehensive immigration reform and said that trade deals, over which he and Clinton have frequently sparred, funnel “cheap corn” into Mexico and “drive small family farmers off their land.” California is home to one-fourth of the immigrant population in the United States, at around 10 million people, and also home to one-fourth of the 11.3 million illegal immigrants in the country. Clinton, with 2,312 delegates, needs 71 more to reach the required 2,383 for the Democratic nomination. Sanders has 1,545. California, the most populous U.S. state, has 548 delegates who are awarded proportionately to the popular vote. The other states holding nominating contests on June 7 are Montana, New Jersey, New Mexico, North Dakota and South Dakota. Clinton also slammed Trump on immigration at a rally in Oxnard, a city of about 200,000 located northwest of Los Angeles that is almost 75 percent Hispanic. Trump on Friday escalated his attacks on U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel, who is presiding over a lawsuit involving fraud at a failed Trump business, Trump University. Trump suggested that Curiel’s Mexican-American heritage was influencing his opinion on the lawsuit. Curiel was born in Indiana to Mexican immigrants. “This is not just another outlandish insulting comment from Donald Trump and it is not normal politics, this is something much, much more dangerous,” Clinton said. “Judge Curiel is just as much of an American as I am and just as much of an American as Donald Trump is,” Clinton said. The New York billionaire businessman has vowed to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border and deport millions of undocumented immigrants. ",1
9278,Clinton opens up double-digit lead over Trump nationwide: Reuters/Ipsos poll," NEW YORK (Reuters) - Democratic presidential contender Hillary Clinton has opened up a double-digit lead over Republican rival Donald Trump, regaining ground after the New York billionaire briefly tied her last month, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Friday.  The shift in support comes as Clinton steps up her attacks on the real estate mogul’s policy positions, and as Trump fends off criticisms of his eponymous university and the pace at which he doled out money that he raised for U.S. veterans.  Some 46 percent of likely voters said they supported Clinton, while 35 percent said they supported Trump, and another 19 percent said they would not support either, according to the survey of 1,421 people conducted between May 30 and June 3.  Trump had briefly tied Clinton in support among likely U.S. voters in mid-May, raising expectations for a tight race between the two likely contenders in November's presidential election.  Trump has all but sealed the Republican nod after a string of big wins in state nominating contests forced his party rivals to drop out, while Clinton is still fending off a long-shot bid for the Democratic spot on the ballot by U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont.  Clinton is hoping to seal the nomination next week, when a slew of big states including New Jersey and California will hold primaries, allowing her to consolidate her party’s support ahead of a general election matchup against Trump.  Clinton’s polling surge comes as Trump is been harangued by criticisms over his Trump University, the target of a trio of lawsuits that claim it misled thousands of people who paid up to $35,000 for seminars to learn about Trump’s investment strategies. Trump has defended the school and said he will relaunch it once the litigation ends.  Trump this week also outlined the recipients of millions of dollars in donations he raised at an event in January for veterans’ groups, in a bid to end speculation that he had not yet handed over all of the money.  On Thursday, Clinton used a foreign policy speech in California to paint Trump’s policy platform as “dangerously incoherent” and cast her Republican rival as both a frightening and laughable figure.  Trump responded by saying she lied about his positions and by ripping her record as secretary of state, which he says was marred her handling of government emails and the death of a U.S. ambassador in Libya.  ",1
9279,U.S. flexes muscles as Asia worries about South China Sea row,"SINGAPORE (Reuters) - The United States stepped up pressure on China on Saturday to rein in its actions in the South China Sea, with top defense officials underlining Washington’s military superiority and vowing to remain the main guarantor of Asian security for decades to come. Defense Secretary Ash Carter said the U.S. approach to the Asia-Pacific remained “one of commitment, strength and inclusion”, but he also warned China against provocative behavior in the South China Sea. Any action by China to reclaim land in the Scarborough Shoal, an outcrop in the disputed sea, would have consequences, Carter said. “I hope that this development doesn’t occur, because it will result in actions being taken by the both United States and ... by others in the region which would have the effect of not only increasing tensions but isolating China,” Carter told the Shangri-La Dialogue, a regional security forum in Singapore. “The United States will remain the most powerful military and main underwriter of security in the region for decades to come – and there should be no doubt about that.” The South China Sea has become a flashpoint between the United States, which increased its focus on the Asia-Pacific under President Barack Obama’s “pivot”, and China, which is projecting ever greater economic, political and military power in the region. Carter however said he would welcome China’s participation in a “principled security network” for Asia. “Forward thinking statesmen and leaders must ... come together to ensure a positive principled future,” he said, adding that the network he envisaged could also help protect against “Russia’s worrying actions” and the growing strategic impact of climate change. The deputy head of China’s delegation to the forum said the United States should reduce its provocative exercises and patrols in the region and said any attempts to isolate China would fail. “This is a time of cooperation and common security,” Rear Admiral Guan Youfei told reporters. “The U.S. action to take sides is not agreed by many countries. We hope the U.S. will also listen to the other countries.” Other Asian leaders said the situation in the South China Sea was viewed with concern across the region. “All countries in the region need to recognize that our shared prosperities and the enviable rate of growth that this region enjoys over past decades will be put at risk by aggressive behavior or actions by any one of us,” Indian Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar told the forum.  Japanese Defence Minister Gen Nakatani said his country would help Southeast Asian nations build their security capabilities to deal with what he called unilateral, dangerous and coercive actions in the South China Sea. “In the South China Sea, we have been witnessing large-scale and rapid land reclamation, building of outposts and utilization of them for military purposes,” Nakatani said. “No country can be an outsider of this issue.” A Chinese official responded by saying Japan should be careful “not to interfere and stir up problems” in the waterway, while China’s foreign ministry also weighed in regarding the U.S. and Japanese comments. “Counties outside the region should stick to their promises and not make thoughtless remarks about issues of territorial sovereignty,” the ministry said in a statement. Trillions of dollars of trade a year passes through the South China Sea, which is home to rich oil, gas and fishing resources. Besides China, Vietnam, the Philippines, Malaysia, Brunei and Taiwan have claims in the area, and rising tensions have been fuelling increasing security spending in the region. “The uncertainty of China’s future trajectory is arguably the main driving concern about possible military competition now and in the future,” Malaysian Defence Minister Hishammuddin Hussein said. Carter said that for decades some critics had been predicting an impending U.S. withdrawal from the region, but this would not happen. “That’s because this region, which is home to nearly half the world’s population and nearly half the global economy,  remains the most consequential for America’s own security and prosperity.” In an apparent counter to “America-first” policies expounded by prospective Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, including suggestions that U.S. troops should be withdrawn from Asia, Carter stressed bipartisan support for continued engagement. The Shangri-La Dialogue is being held ahead of a significant ruling expected in coming weeks on a case filed by the Philippines in the International Court of Arbitration challenging China’s South China Sea claims, which Beijing has vowed to ignore. The United States has been lobbying Asian and other countries to back the judges’ statement that their ruling must be binding, a call echoed by Japan on Saturday. China has lobbied on the other side for support for its position that the court lacks jurisdiction in the case. ",1
9280,Vietnamese general says first purchase of U.S. weapons some way off,"SINGAPORE (Reuters) - The recent lifting of the U.S. arms embargo against Vietnam boosted trust between the former enemies, but significant weapons purchases are some way off, a senior Vietnamese military official said on Saturday. Deputy Defence Minister Nguyen Chi Vinh told Reuters possible weapons buys were part of a long-planned strengthening of Vietnamese-U.S. relations across economic, political, cultural and security fronts. “We are not sure what we can buy from the U.S. or what we want to buy,” Vinh said in some of the first public comments from a Vietnamese defense official since U.S. President Barack Obama lifted the embargo in Hanoi last month. “It is at a very, very first step, I should stress,” he said. “The removal of the embargo is not just significant in terms of trade, but also in terms of improving high-level trust and confidence.” An evolving military relationship between the United States and Vietnam is being closely watched across the region as Hanoi seeks to deter its giant neighbor China over its more asserted stance on claims in the disputed South China Sea. The United States is eyeing closer military relations with Hanoi as it seeks to expand its so-called strategic pivot back to Asia amid concern over China’s rising power in the region. Vietnam has rapidly increased military spending over the last decade, relying on its Cold War-era patron Moscow for purchases of state-of-the-art submarines, jet fighters and advanced missile systems.   U.S. weapons manufacturers are eager to tap a new market in Vietnam but regional security experts believe Hanoi will move only gradually in easing its dependence on Moscow.  The relatively high cost of U.S. weapons is another factor but regional military sources believe Vietnam is keen to first acquire improved surveillance and communications equipment to help it keep a better watch on China. This could include maritime patrol aircraft. Speaking privately, U.S. officials say Vietnam has yet to start detailed discussions with Washington about its specific needs and gaps in its capabilities, a factor which they believe reflects decades of habitual secrecy. Speaking on the sidelines of the Shangri-la Dialogue security summit in Singapore, Vinh did not detail Vietnam’s first planned U.S. procurements but repeatedly stated Vietnam’s military improvements were defensive. Vietnam, like China and Taiwan, claims all the Paracel and Spratlys archipelagos in the South China Sea and Hanoi officials say privately that rising tensions in the South China Sea have complicated otherwise solid relations with Beijing. ",1
9281,"Japan, South Korea to set up direct line between defense ministers","SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Japanese Defence Minister Gen Nakatani said on Saturday that Japan and South Korea agreed to expand an emergency communication system between their defense ministries, including adding a new direct line between defense ministers. Tensions have been high in the region since early January when North Korea conducted its fourth nuclear test. It has followed that with a satellite launch and tests of various missiles, most recently a failed launch on Tuesday. “What it means is that we will make use of phones for emergency communication, when security-related emergencies such as a missile launch occur, and communication and coordination between the defense authorities of the two countries are needed,” Nakatani told reporters at the Shangri-La Dialogue, a regional security forum in Singapore. He said such emergency phone lines would be expanded to include a new direct link between the two countries’ defense ministers.  Nakatani said talks would continue on sharing and safeguarding sensitive information on Pyongyang’s missile and nuclear programs.  Under the framework, South Korea would pass relevant information to the United States, with which Seoul already has a legally-binding pact to share and safeguard intelligence called General Security of Military Information Agreement (GSOMIA). The United States would then pass the information on to Japan. It would work similarly the other way around since the United States has also signed a GSOMIA with Japan.  Some South Koreans have voiced concerns about signing a security pact with Japan, their one-time colonial ruler.  Besides historical issues stemming from Japan’s annexation of the Korean peninsula that ended in 1945, ties have been chilled by a long-running territorial dispute over a group of tiny islets.  ",1
9282,Treasury's Lew: China pause on reforms would have 'very bad consequences',"SEOUL (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said on Friday China would see “very bad consequences” for its economy and bilateral U.S. relations if it backs away from its stated goals to open its markets and rebalance its economy toward consumer-led growth. Lew, in an interview with Reuters in Seoul, said he would “keep the pressure” on Chinese officials during talks in Beijing next week to stick to their reform commitments and execute pledges to reduce excess industrial capacity that is distorting world markets. China faces diminished economic prospects in the medium and long term if it fails to continue its reforms, Lew said. “Frankly, if China takes a time-out or a step back on the reform agenda, that will have very bad consequences for China’s economy and it will flow over and not be good in terms of our bilateral economic relations,” Lew said. The U.S.-China Strategic and Economic Dialogue meetings on June 6-7 in Beijing come at a time of increasing trade tensions between the world’s two largest economies. The U.S. Commerce Department has recently imposed steep anti-dumping and anti-subsidy duties on a wide-range of Chinese steel products, while U.S. business groups have complained about new Chinese regulations they say favor local firms. Meanwhile, the Chinese yuan is plumbing five-year lows against the dollar, raising concerns about the potential for another devaluation as the Federal Reserve prepares to resume interest rate increases after pausing for the past few months. Lew said China had largely been keeping its G20 commitments to avoid competitive currency devaluations, adding that its action in recent months to spend reserves to support the yuan, also known as the renminbi or RMB, have been consistent with those commitments.   “China’s intervention in the last year has not been to devalue but it’s been largely to support the RMB,” Lew said. “I think the test of whether China’s moved decisively in an orderly way to a more market-oriented exchange rate is whether they’re willing to tolerate movement in both directions.” Likewise, Lew said South Korea also needed to resist temptations to intervene in currency markets when there is upward pressure on the won. He said Seoul had refrained from active interventions for the past six to nine months. “We have made it clear that we’ve recognized that. But we’ve also said that that has to be a durable policy. It has to be a policy that can withstand pressure when markets are going in both directions,” he said. He said South Korea’s interest in joining the Trans-Pacific Partnership free trade bloc, assuming the deal is ratified,  would provide an incentive to improve its exchange rate policy. A currency side-agreement to the TPP would require transparency in interventions and commitments to avoid interventions to gain trade advantages. The U.S.-China economic and foreign policy talks in Beijing will also provide a forum to air U.S. business groups’ concerns about regulations in China that they say favor domestic firms. For example, foreign insurers have raised concerns about new cyber security regulations that require “secure and controllable” information technology. “Whether it’s an anti-monopoly law, or a national security law, if it’s being either designed or implemented in a way that’s designed to create undue burdens on foreign competition, that’s problematic,” Lew said. Lew said it was important for the next U.S. president to continue the Strategic and Economic Dialogue because otherwise such disputes may not be discussed on a bilateral basis. At a separate meeting on Friday with South Korean Finance Minister Yoo Il-ho, Lew said that coordinated global action was needed to increase pressure on North Korea to drop its pursuit of nuclear weapons. A senior Treasury official said that this would require additional actions by China to adhere to new sanctions aimed at cutting off North Korea from the international financial system until it changes its behavior.  ",1
9283,"Trump campaigns in California, denounces protesters at rally as 'thugs'","REDDING, Calif. (Reuters) - Presumptive Republican U.S. presidential nominee Donald Trump on Friday denounced protesters in California as “thugs” a day after another demonstration outside one of his political rallies turned violent ahead of the state’s presidential primary. Demonstrators traded blows on Thursday evening in the street outside the San Jose Convention Center, videos posted to Twitter and online by media showed. Hundreds of protesters waved Mexican flags, chanted anti-Trump slogans and burned Trump hats and at least one U.S. flag. Speaking before a packed crowd in the northern California city of Redding on Friday, Trump described the previous night’s rally as “a love fest inside. No problems whatsoever.” But then his supporters “walked out and they got accosted by a bunch of thugs,” he said. The protesters, many angry over Trump’s rhetoric against illegal immigration, have gathered at Trump rallies for months. Trump, now the Republican Party’s likely presidential nominee for the Nov. 8 election, canceled a rally in Chicago in March after clashes broke out between his supporters and protesters. The San Jose Police Department reported 300 to 400 protesters had gathered outside the Trump rally on Thursday, where police formed lines to protect attendants exiting the convention center. A number of the skirmishes occurred beyond police lines on nearby streets and at a parking garage, a Reuters photographer said. One sergeant suffered minor injuries after a protester struck him with a metal object. Police reported four arrests. Over 250 officers staffed the “all-hands on deck event,” said San Jose Police Chief Eddie Garcia. “In hindsight, we’d say that wasn’t enough,” said Garcia. For future events of that scope, “we would need more officers with an absolute, number one goal of keeping both parties separate as much as we can.” San Jose Mayor Sam Liccardo, a Democrat, told the Associated Press that Trump needs to take responsibility for his supporters’ conduct at the rallies. But Trump, speaking in Redding on Friday, made light of the mayor’s concerns. “You know what I say when we have a protestor, which isn’t very often, I say, ‘Be very gentle, please don’t hurt him ... If he punches you in the face, smile,’” Trump said. Violence has peppered Trump’s recent rallies in New Mexico and California, the U.S. state with the largest immigrant population, in advance of primary elections there on Tuesday. The latest violence followed Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton’s scorching critique of Trump in a speech on Thursday in which she derided the real estate developer as a dangerous man with an angry, fearful world view. Clinton told CNN on Friday that Trump had set a “low bar” regarding violence at political events. “Now is it a surprise that people who don’t like him are stepping over that bar? I don’t think it is,” Clinton said. But Friday afternoon’s rally was peaceful as supporters from Redding and neighboring towns gathered as early as 8 a.m. local time (1500 GMT) to catch a glimpse of the candidate, many wearing hats emblazoned with Trump’s signature slogan: “Make America Great Again.” Despite the unrest in San Jose, attendees said they felt at ease at Friday’s event. “We’re both retired law enforcement,” Heather Jimenez, a 45-year-old Cottonwood resident, said of herself and her husband. “No worries.” Although no formal protests broke out in Redding, the event attracted some who disapprove of Trump, but wanted to witness his high-flying campaign style in person. “We’ve been hearing his nonsense,” said Rachel Ochoa, a 57-year-old Redding resident who teaches English as a second language. “All we hear is him attacking the opponents and others.” Trump has accused Mexico of sending drug dealers and rapists across the U.S. border and has promised to build a wall between the two neighboring countries and make Mexico pay for it. “We’re gonna build that wall, folks,” Trump said on Friday as the crowd chanted its support. Trump also lamented the loss of American jobs to other countries, a key theme in his campaign. The message resonated in Redding, which residents say has been hit hard by the economic downturn. “We’ve got a lot of people here out of work,” said Joyce Tausch, a 78-year-old retiree who lives in Redding. “Trump is gonna do things for us.” ",1
9284,Obama to Democrats: 'I want us to run scared' in election,"MIAMI (Reuters) - President Barack Obama warned Democrats on Friday that they need to work hard to defeat likely Republican nominee Donald Trump in the Nov. 8 presidential election but must avoid violence like that at a rally in California this week. “Strange things can happen in an election like this if we’re not working hard, if we’re not engaged, if we’re not participating,” Obama told donors at a fundraiser for the Democratic National Committee. “I want us to run scared the whole time,” he said. Obama decried the clashes between supporters of likely Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump and protesters on Thursday at a rally in San Jose, California. “We saw in San Jose these protesters starting to pelt stuff at Trump supporters; that’s not what our democracy’s about,” Obama said. “There’s no room for violence. There’s no room for shouting. There’s no room for a politics that fails to at least listen to the other side, even if you vehemently disagree,” he said. Obama spoke to about 90 people who paid $10,000 to $30,000 for the dinner at the home of Robert Rubenstein, a personal injury lawyer. He noted the “constant” television coverage of Trump, saying “celebrity and fame is such a driver in this culture.” Obama said Republicans have “no coherent economic theory.” “Rather it is feeding resentments and looking for a ‘they’ to blame for whatever frustrations people understandably feel at any given point in time,” he said. “Being able to say it’s immigrants or it’s gays or it’s somebody that is taking something away from you - that’s the essence of the message that the Republican nominee is delivering,” he said. ",1
9285,Trump seizes on U.S. jobs report to target Democratic economic policies,"WASHINGTON - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said a U.S. jobs report on Friday that showed the weakest hiring in more than five years proved that Democratic economic policies are pushing the country in the wrong direction. The report gave Trump his biggest opening yet to target Democratic rival Hillary Clinton on the economy, after months of mostly solid economic indicators. “It’s going the wrong way folks. They’ve been kidding themselves, they’re playing games. It’s going the wrong way,” Trump told a rally in Redding, California. Clinton, the front-runner to be the Democratic nominee for the Nov. 8 election, has credited President Barack Obama for reviving the U.S. economy after the 2008 recession but has also said that the recovery is not over. In a CNN interview, Clinton acknowledged the figures were “disappointing to anybody.” “I think President Obama inherited a terrible situation and I’ve said that repeatedly over the past year and we’ve come a long way out of the ditch we were dropped into by failed Republican policies,” Clinton told CNN’s Jake Tapper. The unemployment rate in May fell three-tenths of a percentage point to 4.7 percent, the lowest level since November 2007, but that was in part due to people dropping out of the labor force. Overall, nonfarm payrolls increased by only 38,000 jobs in May.  If disappointing jobs reports continue, Trump could use Clinton’s pledge to build on Obama’s work against her to woo working-class voters in states such as Ohio. The state has lost well-paying manufacturing jobs and is also a key presidential battleground - closely competitive because it does not lean heavily Republican or Democratic. Clinton, a former secretary of state, is likely to finally clinch the Democratic nomination over challenger Bernie Sanders on Tuesday when six states hold nominating contests. One is California, the most populous U.S. state, with the most Democratic delegates of any other state and where both candidates have been campaigning heavily. In a Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Friday, some 46 percent of likely voters said they supported Clinton, while 35 percent said they supported Trump, and another 19 percent said they would not support either. The survey of 1,421 people was conducted between May 30 and June 3. Trump, a real estate developer, has already sewn up the Republican nomination. In the general election campaign, job creation plans are expected to be a priority, particularly in states that have been hit hard by manufacturing-sector job losses.  Trump has promised to toss out international trade deals to revive U.S. manufacturing and sweep away a slew of environmental regulations to bolster the ailing energy sector.  Job creation in the manufacturing and construction sectors fell sharply in May, according to Friday’s jobs report.  Trump has already begun working economic numbers into his stump speeches. He has said he could put 15 states that have voted for Democratic presidents in recent elections in play, including Pennsylvania, Ohio and Michigan, which have all lost manufacturing-sector jobs. Peter Morici, a conservative economist and professor in the business school at the University of Maryland, said the poor jobs numbers reflected trends that have driven voter frustration and fueled the populist campaigns of both Trump and Sanders.  He said Trump needed to add detail to his economic policies, such as detailing changes to social programs like Medicaid, which provides healthcare for the poor. “We can’t just turn around and cut income taxes without doing something about those things,” Morici said. Republican strategists agreed that Friday’s jobs report created an opportunity for Trump to differentiate his policies from Obama’s or Clinton’s. “It allows Donald Trump to tout how he would do things differently as president and focus on some of the job-creation plans that he has,” Republican strategist Ron Bonjean said, adding it would also allow Trump to talk about his record as a businessman.     Trump has been fleshing out his foreign policy ideas and has released a tax plan, but he has been light on other details, such as how he would oversee the U.S. financial system. ",1
9286,Trump defends attacks on Mexican-American U.S. federal judge,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump defended his attacks on a Mexican-American judge on Friday, resisting pressure from top Republicans to moderate his tone out of concern he is hurting his chances to win the White House. Trump’s bomb-throwing rhetoric helped him defeat 16 Republican rivals for the party’s nomination for the Nov. 8 election. But facing a tough fight with expected Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, many Republicans want him to present a more disciplined image. Feeling confident his method has been a winner, Trump so far has waved off some of the advice from Republicans who support him but want less loose talk. In a CNN interview, Trump escalated his attacks on U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel, the son of Mexican immigrants who is the presiding judge in lawsuits involving fraud allegations against Trump University, the New York businessman’s defunct real estate training school. Trump suggested Curiel’s Mexican heritage was influencing the judge’s opinion about the case because Trump has campaigned on a platform of building a wall along the U.S. border with Mexico to stop illegal immigration. “He’s proud of his heritage,” Trump said. “He’s a Mexican. We’re building a wall between here and Mexico. The answer is, he is giving us very unfair rulings, rulings that people can’t even believe. This case should have ended years ago on summary judgment,” Trump said.  The judge a week ago unsealed documents related to the case. Comments from the two top elected U.S. Republicans, House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, reflected continued worries among establishment Republicans about Trump. Ryan, who endorsed Trump on Thursday, said the comments from Trump about the judge were “out of left field.” “He clearly says and does things I don’t agree with. And I’ve had to speak up ... (from) time to time when that has occurred. And I’ll continue to do that if that’s necessary. I hope it’s not,” Ryan told a Milwaukee radio station. McConnell, speaking on MSNBC, raised concerns about Trump’s criticism of New Mexico Governor Susana Martinez, a rising star in the Republican Party who can appeal to Hispanic voters. After attacking her record last week, Trump on Thursday moderated his tone and said he would like her endorsement. “We ought to be trying to unify, he ought to be trying to unify the party behind him,” McConnell said of Trump. “Most of us are committed to supporting him and trying to bring the party together, and I think he needs to play his role on all of that as well.”  Trump received 32 percent support from Latino voters in an NBC News/Survey Monkey poll this week, a respectable number given his critical comments throughout the campaign about illegal immigrants, most of whom come from Mexico and other Latin American countries. But the specter of Trump as the nominee has worried some Hispanic Republicans. This week, Ruth Guerra, who is a Mexican-American, resigned as the Republican National Committee’s chief of Hispanic media relations. A source familiar with her departure said she was not comfortable with Trump as the nominee. More broadly, Reince Preibus, chairman of the Republican National Committee, has been trying to persuade Trump to moderate his tone as a way to heal fissures in the party, at a time when Trump will need to rely on deep-pocketed Republican loyalists to finance a $1 billion campaign. “He needs one thing and one thing only: discipline,” said a senior party official, speaking on condition of anonymity. But if a Trump rally in Redding, California, was any indication, the candidate feels his method is working. “Temperament is a very important word,” Trump said, referring to Clinton’s charge that he is temperamentally unfit for the White House. “We need toughness in tone. We need toughness in temperament.” Stung by attacks on him from Clinton on Thursday, Trump dredged up scandals from the 1990s to hit her and her husband, former President Bill Clinton, saying they are dishonest. He cited Bill Clinton’s affair with former White House intern Monica Lewinsky. “First of all, she’s always got problems: Whitewater (a controversial real estate deal), impeachment, lies. He ‘didn’t have sex with that woman,’” Trump said. “These are lying people. We don’t need, folks, another four years of the Clintons.” ",1
9287,Obama commutes prison terms of 42 non-violent drug offenders,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama commuted the prison terms of 42 non-violent drug offenders, nearly half of whom were serving life sentences, in his latest batch of clemency decisions, the White House said on Friday. The individuals “have more than repaid their debt to society and earned this second chance,” Neil Eggleston, the White House counsel, wrote in a blog. They were convicted under drug sentencing laws put on the books before Obama became president that were “outdated and unduly harsh,” Eggleston wrote.  Obama has worked to reform the U.S. criminal justice system to reduce the number of people serving long sentences for drug crimes. It is one of the few areas in which the Democratic president has received support from Republican lawmakers.  Many of the convicts had been serving time for crack cocaine charges. Crack offenders have for years faced stiffer penalties than offenders of powder cocaine, even though the two substances are molecularly similar. Critics have said the disparity has unfairly hurt minority communities.  Obama announced the most ambitious clemency program in 40 years in April, 2014. The program has struggled under a deluge of thousands of unprocessed cases.  Some legal experts, including Rachel Barkow, faculty director at the Center on the Administration of Criminal Law at New York University, have urged Obama to move faster on the program, saying unless he does, the program will remain a “lottery” for thousands of other convicts. Friday’s commutations bring the total to 348, more than granted by the previous seven presidents combined, the White House said. George W. Bush commuted the sentences of 11 individuals, Bill Clinton granted clemency to 61 and George H.W. Bush granted clemency to three people, the White House said.  “We are confident that there will be many more commutations in the months” before Obama leaves office in January next year,  Sally Yates, the deputy attorney general, said in a release. The White House also said Obama is committed to strengthening drug rehabilitation programs. ",1
9288,Kerry: video cut 'clumsy and stupid and inappropriate',"PARIS/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - It was stupid, clumsy and inappropriate for someone to edit the video of a State Department briefing in 2013, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said on Friday as two U.S. lawmakers demanded information about the incident.  A Republican congressman asked the State Department inspector general to investigate why part of a public briefing that dealt with Iran nuclear talks was cut before it was posted online while another demanded documents about the incident. The excised portion of the Dec. 2, 2013, briefing included a question about whether an earlier spokeswoman for the department had misled reporters about whether the United States was holding secret direct nuclear talks with Iran. The spokeswoman had denied there were such talks, which were later made public. The State Department this week said she did not know about the secret talks when she denied their existence. Speaking to reporters in Paris, Kerry sounded chagrined about the episode, which has drawn Republican criticism. “Whatever happened was both clumsy and stupid and inappropriate,” Kerry said. Asked if he wanted people who tampered with the historical record working for him, he replied: “Of course not. I just said, it’s inappropriate.” The State Department initially said it believed a “glitch” caused the gap but on Wednesday said an internal inquiry found it was a deliberate omission. However, it said no rules were broken because none existed governing the integrity of the briefing video. Rules are now being put in place. U.S. officials who spoke on condition of anonymity said the technician who excised part of the video told investigators she got a call asking her to do so, discussed the request with her supervisor and concluded it came from a “level of credibility and authority” high enough that they should act on the request. The State Department has said the technician does not remember who called her. On Friday the department said it cannot use internal phone records to trace who requested the cut to the briefing video because it keeps such data for only 24 hours. Top officials in the Bureau of Public Affairs in late 2013, including former Assistant Secretary Doug Frantz, former spokeswoman Jen Psaki, former deputy spokeswoman Marie Harf, and deputy assistant secretaries Dana Smith, Valerie Fowler and Moira Whelan have all denied asking for the video to be excised. “In tampering with this video, the Bureau of Public Affairs has undermined its mission to ‘communicate timely and accurate information with the goal of furthering U.S. foreign policy’,” House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Ed Royce said in a letter released by his office that asked the department’s inspector general, Steve Linick, to investigate the matter. Separately, House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz, also a Republican, on Tuesday wrote to Secretary of State John Kerry asking for documents related to the edited video to be turned over to his panel by Wednesday. ",1
9289,"U.S. lawmakers probe Fed cyber breaches, cite 'serious concerns'","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. congressional committee has launched an investigation into the Federal Reserve’s cyber security practices after a Reuters report revealed more than 50 cyber breaches at the U.S. central bank between 2011 and 2015. The House Committee on Science, Space and Technology on Friday sent a letter to Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen to express “serious concerns” over the central bank’s ability to protect sensitive financial information. The letter cited the Reuters report, which was based on heavily redacted internal Fed records obtained through a Freedom of Information Act request. The redacted records did not say who hacked the bank’s systems or whether they accessed sensitive information or stole money. “These reports raise serious concerns about the Federal Reserve’s cyber security posture, including its ability to prevent threats from compromising highly sensitive financial information housed on the agency’s systems,” said the letter, signed by House Science Committee Chairman Lamar Smith, a Texas Republican, and Barry Loudermilk, a Georgia Republican and chairman of the panel’s oversight subcommittee. A Fed spokesperson said the central bank had received the panel’s letter and “will respond to it.” The panel asked the Fed’s national cyber security team - the National Incident Response Team - to turn over all cyber incident reports in unredacted form from Jan. 1, 2009, to the present. It also asked for incident reports from the Fed’s local incident response teams. Global policymakers, regulators and financial institutions have become increasingly concerned about the security of the international banking system after a string of cyber attacks against banks in Bangladesh, Vietnam and elsewhere linked to fraudulent transaction messages sent across the global financial platform SWIFT. The probe into the Fed’s security practices followed a separate inquiry by the same committee into the Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s handling of the cyber theft of $81 million from one of its accounts held by the central bank of Bangladesh. The committee said it has jurisdiction over the Fed’s cyber security because the panel is tasked with oversight of the U.S. National Institute of Standards and Technology, an agency responsible for developing federal cyber security standards and guidelines, under a 2014 federal information technology law. The panel also requested a “detailed description of all confirmed cyber security incidents” from 2009 to the present, all documents and communications referring or relating to “higher impact cases” handled by the Fed’s NIRT team, all documents and communications with the Fed’s Office of Inspector General related to confirmed cyber incidents, and an organizational chart detailing the Fed’s top cyber security personnel. The committee requested a response to its inquiry by June 17. (Click here to read the letter: tmsnrt.rs/1VBXvSz) The Fed’s computer systems hold confidential information on discussions about monetary policy that drives financial markets. The central bank’s staff suspected hackers or spies were behind many of the breaches, the records obtained by Reuters show.  The Fed had declined to comment on the records, which represent only a slice of all cyber attacks on the central bank because they include only cases involving the Washington-based Board of Governors, a federal agency that is subject to public records laws. (For a graphic on the Fed security breaches, see: tmsnrt.rs/1TxSu8R) ",1
9290,Clinton attacks Trump's foreign policy as a threat to U.S. safety,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton lambasted  Donald Trump’s foreign policy platform as “dangerously incoherent” in a speech on Thursday that cast her Republican rival as both a frightening and laughable figure. In remarks that at times resembled a comedy roast, Clinton unleashed a torrent of polished zingers and one-liners to attack Trump’s policies and character, suggesting Trump might start a nuclear war if elected to the White House simply because “somebody got under his very thin skin.”  “Donald Trump’s ideas are not just different, they are dangerously incoherent,” she said to a room of supporters in San Diego, California. “They’re not even really ideas, just a series of bizarre rants, personal feuds and outright lies.” Clinton, the front-runner in the race to become the Democratic presidential nominee, delivered her speech as she seeks to shift her attention to the Nov. 8 election against likely rival Trump and away from Bernie Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, who is continuing his long-shot bid for the nomination. Clinton was speaking in San Diego ahead of California’s June 7 primary election. Democratic Party leaders have fretted about how to best oppose Trump, who managed to knock out all 16 rivals for the Republican nomination in part with his uninhibited style of assailing them with personal insults. Trump revels in referring to Clinton as “Crooked Hillary” and dredging up the infidelities of her husband, Bill Clinton, the former president. Clinton’s remarks were intended in part to show she would not be cowed and that she could go toe-to-toe with him in scornful put-downs. “He says he has foreign policy experience because he ran the Miss Universe pageant in Russia,” she said as the crowd guffawed, and she suggested Trump would run the U.S. economy “like one of his casinos.” During her speech, Clinton predicted Trump, who has been deeply critical of Clinton’s foreign policy record, would take to his Twitter account to insult her, and he did. “Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton!” ran one posting during the speech, which included a typo. “Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesn’t even look presidential!” Trump has said previously that Clinton is distorting his actual policies. Amid the laugh lines, Clinton cited her own experience as secretary of state, in particular her role advising President Barack Obama during the mission to kill al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden, to suggest her approach to foreign policy was the more serious. “He praises dictators like Vladimir Putin and picks fights with our friends, including the British prime minister, the mayor of London, the German chancellor, the president of Mexico and the pope,” Clinton said, listing some of the allies with whom Trump has verbally sparred in the last year. Obama, who has also been repeatedly mocked by Trump, has criticized Trump as being ignorant or cavalier about world affairs and has said that Trump’s rise has “rattled” foreign leaders. Trump has talked tough on foreign policy. He has said he would bring back waterboarding and other brutal interrogation techniques for terrorism suspects that are widely regarded as torture and were discontinued by Obama. Trump has also vowed to renegotiate trade deals, called for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the country, and said he would ask members of the 28-nation NATO alliance to “pay up” or “get out.” He has said he would sit down with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un to try to stop Pyongyang’s nuclear program. Clinton derided these and other positions, promising she would do a better job keeping the United States safe. Standing in front of a backdrop of 19 large U.S. flags, an unusual abundance even by the standards of presidential campaign events, Clinton painted the election as a choice between “two very different visions.” “One that’s angry, afraid and based on the idea that America is fundamentally weak and in decline,” she said, summing up Trumpism. “The other is hopeful, generous and confident in the knowledge that America is great, just like we always have been.” Trump has criticized Clinton for her handling of foreign policy during her 2009-2013 stint as secretary of state, including the Sept. 11, 2012, attack by Islamist militants on a U.S. diplomatic facility in Benghazi, Libya, that killed the U.S. ambassador and three other Americans. He cites Clinton’s support for the war in Iraq, launched by former Republican President George W. Bush, as another example of her shortcomings. Democratic challenger Sanders echoed Clinton’s concerns about Trump after her speech, though he also criticized Clinton’s foreign policy. “I agree ... that Donald Trump’s foreign policy ideas are incredibly reckless and irresponsible,” Sanders said in a statement. In criticizing Clinton, Sanders cited her vote for the war in Iraq, calling it “the worst foreign policy blunder in modern American history,” and said “she has been a proponent of regime change, as in Libya, without thinking through the consequences.” In assailing each other’s suitability for the White House, Clinton and Trump are reflecting a negative voter mood ahead of next month’s party conventions that will choose the presidential nominees. Both Clinton and Trump are facing record-low favorability ratings. A Reuters/Ipsos poll taken Friday through Tuesday shows half of Trump supporters say the primary reason they are going to vote for him is “I don’t want Hillary Clinton to win,” while 41 percent of Clinton supporters cite their primary reason as not wanting Trump to win. ",1
9291,NATO's top soldier says Trump comments play into hands of Putin,"SINGAPORE (Reuters) - NATO’s top military officer, General Petr Pavel, denounced U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump on Friday for criticizing the alliance as obsolete and said such comments played to the hands of its opponents. In unusual criticism of a presidential candidate, Pavel, chairman of the NATO Military Committee, said in an interview that Russian “President (Vladimir) Putin and some others may be pleased by this approach”. “To take such an approach would be a great mistake,” he said. Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee in the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election, has criticized the decades-old NATO alliance with mainly European nations - a cornerstone of U.S. foreign policy - as obsolete and too costly for the United States. The North Atlantic Treaty Organization was set up in a different era, Trump has said, when the main threat to the West was the Soviet Union. It was ill-suited to fighting terrorism. Pavel, a former Czech Republic army chief, said the NATO alliance formed in 1949 was not perfect but it had great potential as well as the chance to be improved. “Statements like these are not necessarily damaging, but they are not useful,” Pavel said in Singapore on the sidelines of the Shangri-La Dialogue, Asia’s biggest security summit. On Thursday, Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton also lambasted Trump’s foreign policy platform as “dangerously incoherent”. Trump’s emergence as a strong presidential candidate has been a talking point at the Shangri-La Dialogue. Carl Thayer, an Australian security expert, said the prospect of Trump in office would have to be dealt with realistically. Australia’s experience had shown that “you damn well have to work with the U.S. president”, he told a news conference. At the meeting, Pavel was to discuss regional issues, including rival claims in the South China Sea and rising tension in Northeast Asia, where North Korea has been stepping up its testing of nuclear capabilities. China and the United States have traded accusations of militarizing the South China Sea, which is claimed almost entirely by Beijing. Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam have claims to parts of the waters, through which trade worth trillions of dollars is shipped every year. “Freedom of navigation in this region, through the South China Sea, is crucial for any further development in the region and it’s difficult to imagine that without this freedom, there will be stability and peace in this region,” Pavel said. NATO could not act on the issue using military means, but mainly political means, he added. North Korea, which conducted its fourth nuclear test in January and followed that with a satellite launch and tests of various missiles, was a great concern for NATO, Pavel said. Western sanctions have not been successful in deterring Pyongyang from developing its nuclear capabilities. “The only country which may change the equation is China,” Pavel said, pointing to the fact that 90 percent of North Korea’s trade is with its big neighbor. Pavel also said he hoped an upcoming NATO summit in Warsaw would agree cyber as an operational domain of war, along with air, sea, land and space. ",1
9292,Everytown gun safety group backs Clinton for president: statement,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A gun control advocacy group founded by billionaire and former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg on Friday endorsed Democrat Hillary Clinton in the U.S. presidential race. In a statement, Everytown for Gun Safety praised Clinton for siding with the public rather than gun industry lobbyists. ",1
9293,"Michigan House approves, sends school funding package to state Senate","(Reuters) - Michigan lawmakers on Thursday approved paying off a $467 million deficit incurred by Detroit Public Schools and to fund costs associated with creating a new school system, online legislative records showed and local media reported.  The state’s Republican-controlled House of Representatives approved the bill package, sending the legislation to the state Senate which could take up the legislation when it convenes on Tuesday, according to online records.  “This plan saves Detroit’s school system and returns local control to the city, preventing a disastrous bankruptcy that would have affected every community in the state,” House Speaker Kevin Cotter, a Republican, said in a statement.  The legislation has the state paying off $467 million in operating deficit incurred by the cash-strapped school system and providing $125 million to create a new debt-free school district, the news website MLive.com reported.  The Detroit public school system, or DPS, has nearly 46,000 students. It has been under state control since 2009 because of a financial emergency. Thursday’s legislation comes less than a month before DPS was expected to run out of money to pay employees.  House Democrats said in a statement that the legislation would force the closing of DPS schools and allow failing charter schools to “proliferate.” “House Republicans are playing games with the Detroit Public Schools, and the children of Detroit are the ones who will lose,” House Democratic Leader Tim Greimel said.  Democrats also opposed the legislation because it does not include a Detroit Education Commission, a body that would work to prevent low-performing schools from opening and ensure schools are placed in underserved areas, MLive.com reported. ",1
9294,Trump escalates attacks on judge in Trump University suit: WSJ,"(Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Thursday escalated his attacks on the federal judge presiding over lawsuits against Trump University, saying the judge had “an absolute conflict” because of his Mexican heritage, the Wall Street Journal reported. Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee for the Nov. 8 presidential election, is fighting lawsuits that accuse his school venture of misleading thousands of people who paid up to $35,000 for seminars to learn about the billionaire’s real estate investment strategies. In an interview with the newspaper, Trump said U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel had “an absolute conflict” in presiding over the litigation given that he was “of Mexican heritage” and a member of a Latino lawyers’ association. Trump said the background of the judge, who was born in Indiana to Mexican immigrants, was relevant because of his campaign stance against illegal immigration and his pledge to seal the southern U.S. border, the Journal said. “I’m building a wall. It’s an inherent conflict of interest,” Trump said, according to the newspaper. The New York businessman also alleged the judge was a former colleague and friend of one of the Trump University plaintiffs’ lawyers, the newspaper said. The judge and the lawyer once worked together as federal prosecutors, but the lawyer, Jason Forge, in an interview with the Journal, said he had never seen the judge socially. “Neither Judge Curiel’s ethnicity nor the fact that we crossed paths as prosecutors in the U.S. Attorney’s Office well over a decade ago is to blame” for Trump’s actions, Forge told the Journal. An assistant in Curiel’s chambers said he was not commenting on the matter, the newspaper said. At a rally in San Diego last week, Trump lashed out at Curiel.  “I have a judge who is a hater of Donald Trump. A hater. He’s a hater,” Trump said. “We’re in front of a very hostile judge. The judge was appointed by Barack Obama,” Trump said, adding he believed Curiel was Mexican. Legal scholars said Trump could face consequences for slamming the judge, although many have speculated that Curiel was unlikely to sanction him formally. Trump has drawn criticism for his comments about immigrants from Mexico, some of whom he has said were criminals and rapists. He has proposed building a wall along the U.S. border with Mexico to prevent illegal immigration and requiring Mexico to pay for it. ",1
9295,U.S. election's anti-trade tone 'concerning': Union Pacific CEO,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Rhetoric against free trade from both likely U.S. presidential nominees poses a risk to the economy and consumers who would lose out if international trade is restrained, the chief executive of the largest U.S. railroad said on Thursday. “Global trade is not getting a fair shake in the dialogue,” Union Pacific Corp (UNP.N) CEO Lance Fritz said during a discussion with Reuters journalists. “We’ve devolved to a form of populism in the rhetoric and that strikes me as having a lot of negative consequences.” Free trade agreements and their impact on U.S. workers have been a major theme in the 2016 campaign for the presidential election on Nov. 8. Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump has criticized the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) and promised to rip up the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal. Hillary Clinton, the likely Democratic nominee, has criticized the partnership deal, which was signed in February but has not yet won congressional approval.  Omaha, Nebraska-based Union Pacific has a growing business serving cross-border trade with Mexico, and over the past decade has reported increased shipments of containers full of consumer goods, many of which come from Asia. Fritz said both candidates are arguing that NAFTA is “a bad thing,” even though Trump has been more vocal than Clinton in warning about losing jobs to foreign competition and threatening to slap tariffs on imported goods. “That’s concerning to me,” Fritz said. “That’s telling the U.S. public that free trade is a bad idea, and that’s patently not in the interest of the U.S. consumer.” “We are worried and thinking about what-ifs,” Fritz said when asked how his company would deal with a Trump or Clinton administration. “What I’m hoping is we get a little more clarity as we get closer (to the election) and it starts making sense and we can plan around it.” Fritz, who has served as Union Pacific CEO since February 2015, also noted that despite low fuel prices, U.S. consumers still have not taken up the slack in the broader economy. “We haven’t seen a strong consumer in a little while,” he said. Fritz said he did not know when the railroad would meet its target of an operating ratio, a measure of efficiency, of 55 percent. The ratio expresses operating expenses as a percentage of revenue, so the lower the figure the better.  “We’re going to get there as soon as we can in a reasonable fashion,” he said. Union Pacific posted a first-quarter operating ratio of 65.1 percent. U.S. railroads generally have a significantly higher operating ratio than the 58.9 percent reported in the first quarter by Canadian Pacific Railway Ltd (CP.TO) and Canadian National Railway Co (CNR.TO). Fritz also said Union Pacific would have an anti-collision system mandated by Congress in place by the deadline of 2018. But the company would need the two one-year extensions allowed to “debug” the Positive Train Control (PTC) system, he added. Last year, Congress extended the deadline for the system’s implementation beyond 2015, despite opposition from some lawmakers following a fatal Amtrak crash in Pennsylvania in May 2015.  ",1
9296,"Lawsuit filed over Baltimore primary election, citing irregularities","(Reuters) - Activists have filed a federal lawsuit asking for a new primary election in Baltimore, alleging irregularities during the tight April 26 mayoral vote. The lawsuit was filed by Voters Organized for the Integrity of City Elections, or VOICE, late on Wednesday against the city and state election boards. It asks the U.S. District Court to declare the primary election results invalid, order a new election and appoint federal observers to oversee the procedure. State Senator Catherine Pugh narrowly won the Democratic mayoral primary, defeating former Mayor Sheila Dixon. Pugh had backed law enforcement reform as Baltimore recovers from unrest in April 2015 sparked by a black man’s death from an injury suffered while in police custody. An investigation by the state election board found that Pugh won the nomination by 2,400 votes. About 1,700 ballots cast in the primary were handled improperly, the probe found. Dixon said on Wednesday that she would not file a lawsuit challenging the election outcome. Spokesmen for the two election boards did not immediately respond to requests for comment. The lawsuit alleged improper handling of the ballots. It also alleged that voters were hampered by polling places that opened late and by a letter mistakenly sent by election officials to ex-offenders saying they might not be able to vote because of their convictions. ",1
9297,"India's Modi goes to Washington as U.S. partner, but not yet full ally","NEW DELHI/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two years ago there were questions over whether Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi could get a visa to enter the United States. Next week he visits Washington as one of President Barack Obama’s closest international partners. Obama invited Modi for one of the last big visits by a world leader before his term ends in January. Although the trip won’t feature a lavish state dinner, the Indian leader will address both houses of Congress, considered a rare honor. This will be their seventh meeting since Modi became prime minister in May 2014, an impressive tally for a U.S. president and a leader who is not a formal ally, said Ashley Tellis at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace in Washington. “The personal relationship between the president and the prime minister ... is really one of the unanticipated surprises of the past two years,” said Tellis, an expert on India. The developing relationship is seen as an Obama foreign policy success. Washington views India as an important part of its rebalance to Asia and as a counterweight to China.     The two countries are finalizing agreements that would make it possible for their militaries to cooperate more closely, and for U.S. defense manufacturers to both sell and make high-tech weaponry in India. A deal on logistics would govern issues such as how the two countries account for costs of military exercises. Another involves encrypted communications and geospatial data transfer. A history of colonial rule followed by decades of non-alignment has, however, made New Delhi wary of an embrace by the more powerful United States, which has overtaken Russia as India’s top arms supplier. “It is neither a strategic partnership nor an alliance,” said Nitin Gokhale, founder of defense portal Bharat Shakti. “It can be a long-term arrangement, but to call it a strategic partnership would be premature.”     There are frustrations, too, on the U.S. side. The two countries reached a civil nuclear agreement in 2005, but it has yet to yield any contracts for U.S.-based companies. Only now is Westinghouse, a unit of Japan’s Toshiba, approaching the finish line on a deal to build six reactors in India. The visit gives Modi a chance to network with U.S. lawmakers who may feature in a Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton administration but, as it coincides with the California primary, he is not expected to meet either. Modi is generally popular with U.S. lawmakers, who extended his invitation to address Congress. But they criticize what they see as lingering unfriendliness to U.S. firms and a stifling bureaucracy, and question New Delhi’s record on human rights. “The economic engagement between our two countries should increase and it should be more accessible for U.S. companies,” Senator Bob Corker, the Republican chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said in a telephone interview.  Obama and Modi are expected to discuss India’s desire to join the Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG), a 48-member club of nuclear trading nations. India was shut out for decades because of its weapons program, and the civil nuclear agreement with the United States gave it access to foreign suppliers without giving up its arms. Obama administration officials have said they backed India’s desire to join the group, but the idea faces resistance among some on Capitol Hill, as well as from China, an ally of India’s arch-rival Pakistan. “Existing NSG guidelines were established to guard against nuclear proliferation, and we should not create exceptions for particular countries,” Corker said. There is lingering concern in Washington over Modi’s handling of communal riots in 2002 that killed at least 1,000 people, mostly Muslims, in Gujarat. Modi was chief minister of the state at the time and, though a court-ordered inquiry found insufficient evidence to prosecute him, the issue prevented him from getting a U.S. visa for years. Ben Cardin, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, raised human rights on a visit to New Delhi this week, saying the two largest democracies had “special obligations” to set the highest standards. Congress’ Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission has scheduled a hearing on India for June 7, the day Modi arrives in Washington and the day before his address to the combined House of Representatives and Senate. He leaves the United States on June 8. Corker promised to asked Modi about India’s record on human trafficking, which he brought up recently in an emotional Senate hearing with Obama administration officials. “The country we believe has 12-14 million slaves, which is close to half the number we believe exists worldwide,” Corker said. “It’s obviously a very significant issue and when he’s here, it’s one I certainly plan to raise.” ",1
9298,Republican House Speaker Ryan backs Trump after long courtship,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Paul Ryan, the top elected Republican, ended a long period of soul-searching and endorsed Donald Trump for president on Thursday, a step toward unifying party loyalists behind the insurgent candidate despite concerns about his candidacy. Ryan had been a high-profile holdout to supporting Trump for the Nov. 8 presidential election out of concern about the presumptive Republican nominee’s bellicose rhetoric and break with party orthodoxy on issues including trade and immigration. The House of Representatives speaker announced his support in a column for the Janesville Gazette newspaper in his home state of Wisconsin. It surfaced in the middle of a speech by Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton in which she launched a far-reaching attack on Trump’s foreign policy credentials. Ryan did not specifically use the word “endorse” in his column, but his spokesman, Brendan Buck, made clear that Ryan’s move should be seen as an endorsement. The speaker had criticized the Republican candidate several times, including Trump’s proposal in December to temporarily ban all Muslims from entering the United States because of national security concerns. The 46-year-old Ryan was the only member of the Republican congressional leadership who had not formally embraced Trump. In a tweet, Trump responded: “So great to have the endorsement and support of Paul Ryan. We will both be working very hard to Make America Great Again!” Ryan’s backing of Trump could give cover to more reluctant Republicans to get behind the billionaire businessman as their best chance to win the White House. “I think the endorsement is significant because it shows the falling in line of the establishment Republicans from the top,” said Republican strategist Ron Bonjean. It should also help Trump make the case that he can bring the party together as he girds for a Republican nominating convention in July that many party leaders plan to skip. It also represents a blow to Republicans who have been trying to organize a third-party bid to give party loyalists who cannot abide Trump someone else to support. The “never Trump” crowd includes 2012 nominee Mitt Romney. Ryan was Romney’s vice presidential running mate. While Ryan’s decision could push some Republican leaders off the fence, many holdouts remained, such as two former rivals, former Florida Governor Jeb Bush and U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina. Aides to both said their positions had not changed. Democratic Senate leader Harry Reid described Ryan’s move as “abject surrender,” adding: “The GOP is Trump’s party now.” Ryan met Trump in a high-profile meeting last month and they have since had a number of telephone calls. “It’s no secret that he and I have our differences. I won’t pretend otherwise,” Ryan wrote. “And when I feel the need to, I’ll continue to speak my mind. But the reality is, on the issues that make up our agenda, we have more common ground than disagreement.” Ryan said he and Trump had spoken many times in recent weeks about how, “by focusing on issues that unite Republicans, we can work together to heal the fissures developed through the primary.” “Through these conversations, I feel confident he would help us turn the ideas in this agenda into laws to help improve people’s lives. That’s why I’ll be voting for him this fall,” Ryan said. Announcing he will vote for Trump should make it a bit more comfortable for Ryan to chair the party’s nominating convention in Cleveland. While Ryan’s endorsement was significant for Trump, there remain many concerns about him within the party. Longtime Republican financier Fred Malek drew attention to worries about Trump in a column in the Washington Post on Thursday. He cited Trump’s criticism last week of New Mexico’s Republican governor, Susana Martinez, considered a rising star in the party with the ability to appeal to Hispanics. “These attacks on fellow Republicans must stop as we move closer to the general election,” Malek wrote. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Kentucky Republican, who has said he will support Trump, told CNN that Trump’s proposed Muslim ban was a bad idea and that his criticism of Martinez was ill-advised. Ryan said he too still had concerns about Trump’s tone. “It is my hope the campaign improves its tone as we go forward and it’s all a campaign we can be proud of,” Ryan told the Associated Press. ",1
9299,"4,700 Syrian refugees approved resettlement to U.S.: Homeland Security chief","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States has approved 4,700 Syrian refugees who are awaiting resettlement to the country, while an additional 7,900 are awaiting security review, U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said on Thursday. Johnson, speaking to a homeland security advisory panel at the Department of Homeland Security, was defending against critics who say the Obama administration is falling behind meeting its goal of bringing in 10,000 Syrian refugees into the country by the end of fiscal year 2016. ",1
9300,Sanders to offer Puerto Rico debt bill that would protect pensioners,"(Reuters) - Three days before Puerto Rico’s Democratic presidential primary, Bernie Sanders leveled a blistering attack on a restructuring bill moving through the U.S. Congress and offered a radically different approach to fixing the territory’s $70 billion debt problem. Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont who is giving front-runner Hillary Clinton a tougher-than-expected challenge for the Democratic Party’s presidential nomination, will formally introduce his legislation next week, a spokesman said on Thursday. Unlike a bipartisan House of Representatives bill that would establish a federal oversight board to renegotiate the massive debt with investors, Sanders’ bill would create a “Reconstruction Finance Corporation of Puerto Rico” that would protect public pensioners from cutbacks and “concentrate losses among vulture funds,” according to a summary. “It is morally reprehensible that Wall Street vulture funds are demanding that Puerto Rico fire even more teachers, close more schools, cut pensions and slash the minimum wage so that they can reap huge profits off the misery of the people of Puerto Rico,” Sanders said in a statement. The term vulture funds is a derogatory reference to specialized investing in deeply discounted or distressed assets, typically bonds, by buying them up on the cheap in hopes of profiting on the expectation of a credit restructuring Clinton has backed the House bill. Last week, a House committee with oversight of Puerto Rico approved a debt restructuring measure that backers hope will be enacted into law before July 1, when the island is faced with making good on $1.9 billion in debt payments. Sanders’ proposal comes as the nominating contests for the presidential election are winding down. Along with Puerto Rico, California and a handful of other states are holding their nominating contests in the coming days. Sanders’ bill sets out to strip the ability of hedge funds to profit off their investments in an attempt to protect pensions ahead of creditors. The Reconstruction Finance Corporation would consist of seven members, all full-time residents of Puerto Rico and mainly chosen by the Puerto Rican legislature and governor. The House bill, by contrast, would give Republicans in the U.S. Congress a say in recommending the majority of the proposed oversight board members. While the House bill boasts no cost to U.S. taxpayers, Sanders wants $10.8 billion for infrastructure improvements in Puerto Rico. He proposes raising federal reimbursements for the Medicare and Medicaid healthcare programs for the poor, elderly and disabled. Sanders also wants elections by Jan. 31, 2018, in Puerto Rico to decide whether it should become a state, an independent country or reform its current status. ",1
9301,Trump will reopen controversial Trump University after litigation ends,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Thursday said he will reopen the controversial Trump University real estate school at the close of litigation.  “I have instructed my execs to open Trump U (University), so much interest in it! I will be pres (president),” he said in a tweet.  Trump is fighting a lawsuit against the venture that accuses the school of misleading thousands of people who paid up to $35,000 for seminars to learn real estate investment strategies. ",1
9302,"Some officials worry about briefing Trump, fearing spilled secrets","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Some U.S. intelligence officials are concerned that Donald Trump’s “shoot from the hip” style could pose national security risks as they prepare to give him a routine pre-election briefing once he is formally anointed as the Republican presidential nominee. Eight senior security officials told Reuters they had concerns over briefing Trump, whose brash, unpredictable campaign style has been a feature of his rise as an insurgent candidate. Despite their worries, the officials said the “Top Secret” briefing to each candidate would not deviate from the usual format to avoid any appearance of bias. Most of the officials asked for anonymity to discuss a domestic political issue. Current and former officials said that the scandal over Hillary Clinton’s use of emails also raises concerns about her handling of sensitive information. The likely Democratic nominee is facing an FBI probe into whether security was compromised and laws were broken by her use of a private email server for government business while she was Secretary of State. “The only candidate who has proven incapable of handling sensitive information is Hillary Clinton,” said Michael Short, a spokesman for the Republican National Committee. “If there is anyone they should be worried about it is Hillary Clinton.”  But Trump’s lack of foreign policy experience, his volatile style, and his little known team of foreign policy advisers make him a unique case, the officials said.   “People are very nervous,” said one senior U.S. security official.  Intelligence and other security and foreign policy officials are also trying to determine “who on (Trump’s) team are trustworthy, the official added. “We’ve never had a situation like this before. Ever.” A spokesperson for Trump’s campaign did not respond to a request for comment. Other officials downplayed such worries, noting that the traditional briefing, while classified as Top Secret, is mostly a broad overview of national security issues and does not include the most sensitive government secrets about intelligence sources and operations.  In the post-Second World War era, confirmed U.S. presidential nominees have traditionally received the briefing from intelligence officials — including spy agency chiefs — covering a broad range of national security issues. The nominees are usually briefed shortly after their party nominating conventions, and are allowed to include one or two aides who must undergo security checks. Current and former officials say the nominees are explicitly warned not to share the contents of the briefing, which includes detailed intelligence assessments.  After election day, presidents-elect receive the same Presidential Daily Brief, or PDB, that the sitting president gets, complete with material on the intelligence agencies’ sources, methods, and covert operations. Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, told Reuters that he shared some of the concerns over how Trump, who has never held public office, might use information from the briefing.     “I would be very concerned with Mr. Trump’s ability to know what he can and can’t discuss” publicly about the contents of an intelligence briefing, said Schiff, who has endorsed Clinton for president. Schiff said one consequence of intelligence agencies’ worries about Trump’s reputation as a loose cannon could be that briefers circumscribe some of the information they provide to Trump and Hillary Clinton, his prospective Democratic opponent. Trump has tended to make broad-brush statements on foreign issues rather than delve into policy nuances. He drew criticism from some former national security officials last month when, without evidence, he quickly tweeted that the downing of an EgyptAir flight appeared to be a terrorist attack.   Clinton is honing in on national security as a key potential weakness for Trump, and is set to deliver a foreign policy speech on Thursday designed to portray the billionaire businessman as unfit for the White House.  Officials familiar with the views and policy of Director of National Intelligence James Clapper’s Office, which will give the in-person briefings, say it will do its utmost to avoid any suggestions of political favoritism or bias.  Officials say the spy agencies’ intend to follow past practice and give identical briefings to both nominees. One former intelligence official said Clinton could have an advantage in the briefing because she would likely ask more probing questions than Trump, a newcomer to foreign policy. The briefings provide an “overview of pressing issues and hot spots around the world,” said former CIA officer David Priess, who briefed attorneys general and FBI directors, but not presidents. One U.S. intelligence official said that Trump’s style may not be such a risk because the briefings are general in nature and often track publicly available information. “If he reads the papers every day, he won’t hear much that will surprise him,” the official said. Current and former officials said that covert operations and the intelligence agencies’ “sources and methods,” which are among the nation’s most tightly guarded secrets, are never discussed in the pre-election briefings. ",1
9303,Use it or lose it: Occasional Ohio voters may be shut out in November,"CINCINNATI (Reuters) - When Larry Harmon tried to vote on a marijuana initiative in November in his hometown of Kent, Ohio, the 59-year-old software engineer found his name had been struck from the voter rolls. Two hours south in Zanesville, restaurant worker Chris Conrad, 37, was also told he was no longer registered. Both men later found out why: they had not voted often enough. As the Nov. 8 elections loom, officials in Ohio have removed tens of thousands of voters from registration lists because they have not cast a ballot since 2008.  All U.S. states periodically cleanse their voter rolls, but only a handful remove voters simply because they don’t vote on a regular basis. And nowhere could the practice have a greater potential impact in the state-by-state battle for the White House than Ohio, a swing state that has backed the winner in every presidential election since 1960. Voters of all stripes in Ohio are affected, but the policy appears to be helping Republicans in the state’s largest metropolitan areas, according to a Reuters survey of voter lists. In the state’s three largest counties that include Cleveland, Cincinnati and Columbus, voters have been struck from the rolls in Democratic-leaning neighborhoods at roughly twice the rate as in Republican neighborhoods. That’s because residents of relatively affluent Republican-leaning neighborhoods are more likely to vote in both congressional elections and presidential contests, historical turnouts show. Democrats are less likely to vote in mid-term elections and thus are more at risk of falling off the rolls.  In the three biggest counties, at least 144,000 voters have been removed, the Reuters analysis found. The statewide total is unclear. Each of the state’s 88 counties manages its own voter rolls, which generally are not made public.  Unlike other voting-rights disputes that have sparked protests and lawsuits, the practice doesn’t appear to be driven by one specific party. Both Republican and Democratic officials in Ohio have purged inactive voters over the past 20 years. But neighborhoods that have a high proportion of poor, African-American residents are hit hardest, the Reuters analysis found. “It’s absolutely unfair,” said Donna Porter-Jones, an organizer at Amos Project, an interfaith group that aims to register 30,000 voters from some of Cincinnati’s poorest neighborhoods ahead of November.  Ohio Secretary of State Jon Husted, a Republican, says canceling registrations for voters who missed three straight federal elections helps keep voting rolls current. Since 2011, the state has cleared out more than 2 million records of people who have moved or died, he said.  Those who don’t vote over a six-year stretch or respond to a postcard mailed to their address have only themselves to blame, he said. “If this is really important thing to you in your life, voting, you probably would have done so within a six-year period,” he said in an interview. People who don’t respond to the postcard can be removed from voting lists if they sit out the next two federal elections. Many other states only remove voters from the rolls if they have died or moved to a new address. “You shouldn’t be struck of your right to vote because you skipped an election,” said Kathleen Clyde, a Democratic state representative who has been fighting the practice. Four civil liberties groups sued to end the practice last month, arguing that it violates federal law and unfairly targets low-income and minority voters.   Voting-rights advocates say they are concerned that many infrequent voters who helped drive turnout to a record in the 2008 presidential election won’t be able to vote in this year’s likely matchup between Democrat Hillary Clinton, vying to become the first female president, and Republican Donald Trump, the celebrity billionaire. The Ohio lawsuit is one of a number being fought across the country. Photo ID requirements and other efforts to tighten voting laws have spurred fierce partisan battles and protests in recent months. They follow a Supreme Court decision in 2013 that struck down parts of the Voting Rights Act, a signature achievement of the civil rights movement in the 1960s. The Ohio dispute, by contrast, centers on a practice that has been in place for decades but is receiving new attention from civil liberties groups and Democrats ahead of November.  “We are pleased the courts are reviewing the state’s actions,” said Pratt Wiley, national director of voter expansion at the Democratic Party in Washington. Republican party officials at the local and national level, as well as the Trump campaign, did not respond to requests for comment. But Tom Fitton, the head of Judicial Watch, a conservative group that has pushed Ohio and other states to keep their voting lists up to date, described the lawsuit as a “power play” by civil liberties groups “to ensure that candidates they like are able to steal elections if necessary.”  Federal law prohibits states from removing voters solely because they haven’t voted, but it also requires them to keep voter lists up to date. Ohio residents who are removed from voting lists must re-register at least 30 days before an election.  Harmon, the software engineer, backed President Barack Obama in 2008 but has sat out presidential and congressional elections since then. He says he initially thought he had done something wrong to get kicked off the voting rolls. “I felt embarrassed and stupid at the time,” said Harmon, who is involved in the Ohio lawsuit. “The more I think about it, the madder I am,” he said. In Cleveland’s Cuyahoga County, 5 percent of voters in neighborhoods that backed Obama by more than 60 percent in 2012 were purged last year due to inactivity, according to the Reuters analysis of the voter lists. In neighborhoods where Obama got less than 40 percent of the vote, 2.5 percent of registered voters were removed for that reason. In Franklin County, home to the state capital Columbus, 11 percent of voters in Democratic-leaning neighborhoods have been purged since 2012 due to inactivity. Only 6 percent of voters in Republican-leaning neighborhoods have been purged.   The disparity is especially stark in Hamilton County, where affluent Republican suburbs ring Cincinnati, which has one of the highest child-poverty rates in the country. In the heavily African-American neighborhoods near downtown, more than 10 percent of registered voters have been removed due to inactivity since 2012. In suburban Indian Hill, only 4 percent have been purged due to inactivity.  Overall, 30,000 voters have been removed due to inactivity since 2012, a larger figure than Obama’s margin of victory that year.   On a recent rainy afternoon, Amos Project canvasser Marcia Mackey tried to get some of those voters back in the system. Wielding a clipboard and a smile, Mackey asked pedestrians in the Over the Rhine neighborhood north of downtown Cincinnati when they last cast a ballot. If they couldn’t remember, she encouraged them to register again. “People don’t know they’ve been purged until they go to the election site and get turned away,” Mackey said. “We need to make sure that people have voices.” ",1
9304,Obama's Supreme Court lawyer to step down,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Obama administration’s top Supreme Court lawyer is leaving office at the end of June having won a string of major cases including fending off challenges to President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law and legalizing same-sex marriage. Solicitor General Donald Verrilli has served in the Justice Department post since June 2011. He also held two other positions in the Obama administration. Verrilli’s deputy, Ian Gershengorn will take over, the Justice Department said in a release announcing Verrilli’s departure. “For five years, Solicitor General Don Verrilli has fought in our nation’s highest court for a better future, winning landmark cases that moved America forward,” Obama said in a statement. Verrilli twice successfully defended the 2010 Affordable Care Act, known as Obamacare, against conservative challenges. In 2012, the court ruled 5-4 to uphold the law against a broad legal attack. Three years later, the justices rejected a second challenge on a 6-3 vote. “Thanks to his efforts, 20 million more Americans now know the security of quality, affordable health care,” Obama said. In other major victories, Verrilli urged the justices to strike down the federal Defense of Marriage Act, which barred the recognition of same-sex marriages for the purposes of federal benefits. The 5-4 ruling striking down the law in June 2015 helped pave the way for the court’s 5-4 landmark 2015 decision that legalized gay marriage nationwide, which Verrilli also advocated for.  In another case, Verrilli successfully persuaded the court in 2012 to strike down provisions of a harsh anti-immigrant law in Arizona on a 5-3 vote. “Through these and many other cases – and through his thoughtful counsel and principled advocacy – Don has built a legacy of inclusion, expanding opportunities and civil rights for all Americans and moving our country forward,” Attorney General Loretta Lynch said in a statement. Setbacks included the court’s 2013 ruling on a 5-4 vote striking down a key provision of the Voting Rights Act, a law enacted to protect minority voters. He also lost a case 9-0 in which a company challenged Obama’s authority to appoint members of the National Labor Relations Board when the Senate was in recess. The court has yet to rule in several major cases Verrilli argued this year, including a challenge to a restrictive Texas abortion law and his defense of Obama’s executive action that would protect more than four million immigrants from deportation. ",1
9305,Native Americans move to frontlines in battle over voting rights,"BELCOURT, North Dakota (Reuters) - Elvis Norquay, a member of the Chippewa Indian tribe, has lived most of his 58 years on North Dakota’s remote Turtle Mountain reservation and says he’s never had a problem voting. That was before 2014, when he hitched a ride with a friend to cast a ballot in local and congressional elections and was turned away. Embarrassed, he asked why he couldn’t vote. He was told he lacked proper ID under new state requirements. He has no phone, no current driver’s license and his tribal ID lacks a street address. “When we left, my friend said, ‘that’s not right’,” said Norquay, who has lived on disability since 2002 in a rural county near the Canadian border. Norquay is among a growing number of Native Americans embroiled in court battles over changes to voting laws that could influence the outcome of some tight races in the November 2016 presidential and congressional elections. While the Native American population is small nationally, lawsuits involving tribes over voting problems have proliferated since the Supreme Court struck down parts of the Voting Rights Act in 2013, a signature legislative achievement of the 1960s civil rights movement. North Dakota is one of 17 states that have new voting restrictions in place since the last presidential contest, according to the Brennan Center for Justice at the New York University School of Law. Many of these changes have sparked lawsuits and accusations that black, Hispanic and other minority voters could be disenfranchised. Five federal lawsuits involving Native Americans have been filed since the Supreme Court decision, including three this year alone. Suits in North Dakota, Utah, South Dakota and Arizona claim new voting rules passed in majority Republican states are discriminatory and could reduce voting by tribal members, who tend to back Democrats. A suit in Alaska, for example, claimed the state violated federal rules by failing to translate voting materials for tribal voters. The tribes say changes to voting rules in those states disproportionately affect Native Americans, an allegation the states and counties deny. The Native American vote is not big enough to flip a safe Republican state such as North Dakota into the Democrat column in this year’s presidential election, but Native Americans are a growing proportion of the population and a majority in some counties where increased voter turnout in recent years has tipped the balance in some congressional races. In many states, the number of Native Americans is growing faster than the population as a whole. Between 2000 and 2010, the Native American population rose by 26.7 percent to 1.1 million, compared to 9.7 percent growth in America’s overall population, census data showed. Recent changes to voting laws, such as North Dakota’s new voter ID law, are part of “a much broader, deliberate, and concerted effort by Republicans to reduce turnout among particular groups of voters on election day,” said Pratt Wiley, head of voter protection issues at the Democratic Party in Washington. “Those voters are more vulnerable today than they were before the Supreme Court invalidated a key provision of the Voting Rights Act in 2013,” he said of Native Americans. Republicans deny that voting law changes passed by Republican-dominated legislatures are discriminatory and say they are intended to reduce fraudulent votes. “These are popular common sense laws to protect elections from fraud,” said Lindsay Walters, national spokeswoman at the Republican National Committee. At issue in North Dakota are revisions pushed largely by Republican state legislators in 2013 and 2015 to a 2003 state elections law that eliminated a provision that had allowed people without proper identification such as Norquay to vote if they were recognized by a poll worker or if they signed an affidavit swearing to their identity. Norquay and six other members of his tribe sued the secretary of state in January in U.S. District Court in North Dakota. They said they were refused the right to vote in November 2014 because many old tribal IDs such as Norquay’s don’t list a current residential address.  It says some tribal members can’t afford a new tribal ID or struggle to obtain proper identification because there are no state offices that provide driver’s licenses on the reservations.  Richard McCloud, chairman of the Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa Indians, said widespread unemployment and poverty among tribal members meant that some struggle to afford the $10 needed to obtain a new tribal card.  “Ten dollars is three pounds of hamburger and some macaroni for a family,” said McCloud at the tribe’s headquarters on the reservation of about 4,274 people a few miles (km) south of the Canadian border. “Maybe it’s no big deal if you work, but it’s a big deal to people that don’t have access to $10,” he said. North Dakota’s secretary of state, Al Jaeger, the only defendant in the suit, said in an interview that the law is not discriminatory and simplifies the voting process in the only state in the country that does not require voters to register ahead of an election. He said his office has spent heavily on ad campaigns to educate voters about what IDs are accepted. Jaeger’s deputy, Jim Silrum, said the ID requirements are not a barrier for the 97 percent of state residents with driver’s licenses, an accepted form of ID, so the number of people affected by the changes is miniscule. Those with no driver’s license, can get a non-driver state ID allowed at the polls from the motor vehicle department for free. Jaeger and Silrum said they could not respond directly to an assertion in the lawsuit that residents on reservations have to travel long distances to obtain a state ID. Republican state Representative Jim Kasper from Fargo repeated his party’s argument that the changes were aimed at reducing the risk of voter fraud, but Silrum said there was little evidence of such irregularities. In the 2012 presidential election, there were only nine cases of people voting twice, but that was because they used the same ID rather than a lack of proper identification, he said. State Representative Kylie Oversen, a Democrat from Grand Forks, said the changes could alter tight elections in favor of Republicans. She said Republicans pushed for the bill after Heidi Heitkamp, a Democrat, was elected to the U.S. Senate in 2012 by less than 3,000 votes. In sparsely populated states such as North Dakota, with just 739,000 people, congressional elections have been decided by just a few thousand votes. Rolette County, surrounding Norquay’s reservation, is one of two counties in the state where about 75 percent of the population is Native American. Those two counties were the only places in North Dakota that gave President Barack Obama more than 70 percent of the vote in 2012. After the changes in the ID law were implemented in North Dakota, voter turnout in Rolette County dropped by more than 12 percentage points between the 2010 and 2014 mid-term elections, more than any other county in the state, election data from the secretary of state’s office shows. “What has happened is the Native American vote has become something that can tip elections,” said Jean Schroedel, a professor at Claremont Graduate University in California who studies Native American voting. The Native American Rights Fund, a non-profit law firm representing Norquay and other members of his tribe in the lawsuit against the state, plans to file a motion by June 30 requesting that the court invalidate the changes to the ID law ahead of November’s election, according to court documents. ",1
9306,Thousands of voters in limbo after Kansas demands proof they're American,"WICHITA, Kansas (Reuters) - After moving to Kansas, Tad Stricker visited a state motor vehicle office to perform what he thought was the routine task of getting a new driver’s license and registering to vote. It was a familiar procedure for Stricker, 37, who has moved from state to state frequently in his work as a hotel manager. He filled out a voter registration form and got his driver’s license. He was not asked for more documents, he said. So he was stunned when he tried to cast a ballot in November 2014 and was told he was not on the voter rolls. A month later, a letter from the state said why: His registration had been placed “in suspense” because he had failed to meet a state requirement he did not know about - proving he was an American. Spurred by Secretary of State Kris Kobach, a national leader in pushing for anti-immigration and voting changes, more than 36,000 Kansas residents have joined Stricker in limbo since early 2013 under a state law that raises a new and higher barrier to voting in the United States: proof of citizenship. While you must be a U.S. citizen to vote in American elections, most states allow those wishing to register to simply sign a statement affirming they are citizens and provide a driver’s license number, Social Security number, or other proof of residency.  A Reuters analysis of the Kansas suspense list shows the law disproportionately hits young voters, who often do not have ready access to the needed documents, as well as unaffiliated and Democratic voters in the Republican-controlled state. “What a shock,” said Stricker, who was born in Missouri and moved to Kansas with his wife from Illinois. “I was under the impression I had registered to vote, I had done everything I needed to. I just thought, ‘This can’t be happening.’” While the law won’t affect its status as a safe Republican state in November’s presidential election, it thrusts Kansas into a national debate over voting restrictions that has accelerated since the Supreme Court struck down parts of the Voting Rights Act in 2013, a signature legislative achievement of the 1960s civil rights movement. Kobach’s involvement has raised the stakes in the fight against the Kansas law. Democrats and voting rights advocates say his influence with conservatives could help spread the concept to other states. His critics scored a victory on May 17 when a federal judge weakened the law. Kobach quickly appealed. The lawsuit was brought by the American Civil Liberties Union, and Stricker was a plaintiff in the case. Photo identification laws and other voting measures have proliferated in recent years in Republican-held states, but “the one that gets me most nervous” is the proof of citizenship requirement in Kansas, said Pratt Wiley, director of voter expansion for the Democratic National Committee. “What you will see is that what is learned in one state, or doesn’t work in one state, there is a small adjustment and then it’s applied in a different state,” Wiley said, calling Kansas “patient zero” in that process. Kobach has gained a national reputation for pushing a series of voting and anti-immigration measures across the country, leading one Democratic congressman to dub him “the dark lord” of the anti-immigration movement - a label he wears proudly. “I don’t know if I would call it a badge of honor but it reflects that I’m moving the ball in what I think is the right direction,” Kobach said in an interview in his Topeka office across from the state Capitol. Three other states have adopted proof of citizenship laws championed by Kobach, although officials said two of them had not implemented them. Bills have been introduced in at least nine other states to create a similar law since 2012, although none have advanced very far, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. The law Kobach spearheaded in Kansas requires registrants to prove their citizenship by providing one of a series of documents, including birth certificates and passports. They are placed on the suspense list if they can’t. Since late last year, those who did not complete the requirements for registration have been purged from the voter rolls after 90 days and had to begin the process over again. About 14 percent of Kansans who tried to register between the law’s onset in 2013 and late 2015 failed to meet the requirement and went on the suspense list, according to documents filed in a lawsuit challenging the requirement. “It’s created a system that is needlessly complex and very discouraging, particularly for young people,” said Steve Lopes, head of the Johnson County Voting Coalition, which helps register voters. “Now people just say, ‘Forget it, I’m not going to vote’.” Kobach rejects accusations the law is designed to suppress voter turnout, particularly among minority and low-income voters who tend to back Democrats. He says it is aimed at stopping what he describes as a rampant problem of non-citizens voting in U.S. elections - even though there is little evidence of the problem. “Every time an alien votes, it cancels out the vote of a U.S. citizen. That’s real disenfranchisement, it’s happening every election and it’s happening in every state,” Kobach said, estimating thousands of non-citizens are on voting rolls in big states with large immigrant populations. Citing that threat, Kobach convinced the Kansas legislature in 2015 to give him the power to prosecute voter fraud. But he has won just four misdemeanor illegal voting convictions, mostly involving people who owned at least two properties and cast votes in both locations. None involved non-citizens voting, although Kobach said more complaints will be filed. U.S. District Court Judge Julie Robinson, who issued a May 17 order that Kansas begin to register more than 18,000 voters kept off the rolls by the proof of citizenship law, noted Kansas could identify only three non-citizens who voted between 2003 and the onset of the law in 2013. “The court cannot find that the state’s interest in preventing non-citizens from voting in Kansas outweighs the risk of disenfranchising thousands of qualified voters,” she wrote. Of the 16,775 people on a late-April suspense list obtained by Reuters, more than half were ages 17 through 21, and more than 60 percent were age 25 or under. They were clustered in the high-population areas of Wichita, Topeka and the Kansas City suburbs, and the college towns of Lawrence and Manhattan. About 41 percent were unaffiliated, more than the approximately 30 percent of registered Kansas voters who are unaffiliated. About 35 percent of those on the list were Democrats, compared to 24 percent of registered voters. Twenty-three percent were Republicans, compared to 45 percent of registered voters, according to a Reuters analysis of the data. Younger voters, who are more likely to register as unaffiliated or Democrats, have a harder time getting the documents needed and have less patience with what has become an unwieldy process, said Michael Smith, a professor at Emporia State University who has studied the Kansas suspense list. Kobach said it was “natural” that young people were heavily represented on the suspense list because they are the majority of new registrants. He rejected criticism that a proof of citizenship requirement created a higher barrier for registrants. “If you define a barrier to voting as just having to do something before you vote, every state has that barrier, virtually every state requires proof of address,” he said.  In her court ruling, Robinson said the Kansas requirement conflicted with a federal law designed to make it easier to register while getting a driver’s license. She ordered Kansas on June 14 to begin registering Stricker and other residents who had submitted voter applications through state motor vehicle offices but failed to provide proof of citizenship. They will be able to vote in federal elections for the presidency and U.S. Congress.   But Robinson’s ruling did not end the proof of citizenship requirement for Kansans who register by mail or at locations other than motor vehicle offices, and it left even those registering while getting a driver’s license ineligible to vote for state and local offices. For now, that has created a chaotic two-tier system where some Kansans can vote in state elections and some cannot, some need to provide proof of citizenship and others do not, and many county election officials are uncertain how to proceed. “It’s a complete mess,” said Marge Ahrens, co-president of the nonpartisan Kansas League of Women Voters.  ",1
9307,Commentary: How long before North Korea can nuke a U.S. city?,"It’s the near future, and North Korea’s regime is on the brink of collapse. As rumors swirl of palace coups, forces on both sides of the world’s most militarized border are on heightened alert. The U.S. military faces a much bigger problem. Somewhere in the Pacific, a North Korean submarine is believed to be carrying nuclear warheads and the missiles to deliver them. And nobody knows where it is.  It sounds like the plot of a “Hunt for Red October”-style technothriller. But if Pyongyang’s technicians continue at their current pace, experts say it is becoming ever more likely.  One thing is certain: North Korea is plowing considerable resources into building its nuclear capability. And it is clearly making progress – even if Tuesday’s failed missile test shows it still has a long way to go.  Japanese officials said what appeared to be a conventional Musudan rocket, which theoretically has the ability to reach Japan and the U.S. territory and military base of Guam, exploded either as or shortly after it left its launcher. North Korea is estimated to have some 20 to 30 of the missiles – first deployed in 2007, but yet to be launched successfully.  What North Korean leader Kim Jong Un wants, most analysts believe, is simple – a rocket that can fire a nuclear warhead at least to regional targets. His ultimate ambition, however, is to be able to hit U.S. cities on the West Coast, most likely from a submarine that could hide itself at sea.  North Korea has been steadily improving its rockets – which can also carry conventional explosives – for decades. It detonated its first nuclear device in 2006 but most experts believe it has yet to build one small enough to be placed on a missile. Having the credible ability to do all of that and get the missiles to sea could take well over a decade, perhaps considerably more.  Once it happens, however, it will be a strategic game changer. At worst, U.S. cities on the West Coast would have to deal with the prospect, however remote, that they might be struck by a North Korean atomic weapon. At the very least, a North Korea armed with nuclear submarines would hugely complicate the calculus for any U.S. president handling a crisis on the Korean peninsula itself.  That, of course, is exactly the plan.  The fact that Pyongyang has conducted so many tests this year, some experts believe, suggests Kim is pushing his scientists harder than ever to deliver working rockets and warheads. North Korea is believed to have tagged the expertise of Russian Cold War-era scientists, and while its capabilities on both fronts lag well behind established nuclear states such as Russia and China, it is already believed to be well ahead of Iran.  In April, South Korean and U.S. officials said a North Korean submarine successfully launched a ballistic missile that traveled some 18 miles — a major step forward.  Technical experts say TV footage appeared to show a solid fuel rocket successfully launching from underwater, essentially the same system used by Western forces to achieve the same goal.  When she testified before the Senate Armed Services Committee in April, the incoming head of the U.S. Northern Command – responsible for defending the mainland United States – delivered a stark warning.  “The North Korean threat is real,” U.S. Air Force General Lori Robinson – previously head of U.S. air forces in the Pacific – told lawmakers. “For now, it’s a medium range but they are trying very hard to be able to hit the homeland.”  It’s impossible to know exactly how much money and expertise the North Koreans are expending. The scale of the effort, however, is seen as large – in many ways, the same level of commitment the United States gave to the Manhattan Project to build the world’s first atomic bomb during World War Two. Pyongyang’s reason is clear: building that kind of credible ability to strike is seen as central to the long-term survival of the Kim dynasty and its ruling party.  Earlier this month, at the first meeting of its ruling party in 36 years, Kim said North Korea was a responsible nuclear weapons state and would never use its weapons – unless it were threatened. That seemed a clear warning to outside powers, particularly Washington, to steer clear of any attempts to destabilize or attack the regime.  Getting a submarine-based deterrent would be a very big deal – and not just because it might allow the North Koreans to move the launch point much closer to the target. Submarines are central to what nuclear weapons states call a “second strike” capability, the ability to launch missiles even in the aftermath of an overwhelming and perhaps surprise preemptive attack.  The United States, Russia, Britain and France all retain what they call a “continuous at sea deterrent,” at least one submarine offshore at all times ready to fight back even if the homeland and all other military forces are completely taken out. Israel is also believed to have the ability to mount nuclear cruise missiles on its Dolphin-class conventional submarines, while China is now moving quickly towards new ballistic missile submarines for its own at sea deterrent.  This technology isn’t new – the United States and Russia developed it in the late 1950s based in part on plans originally developed to hit Nazi German U-boats in the dying days of World War Two. There is no good reason it should not eventually work for North Korea, too.  If and when it does, Pyongyang is likely to try to keep its submarines very close to its coasts—and its home defenses—at first. Still, once the first nuclear-armed submarine exists, Japan and the United States might feel political pressure to destroy it.  That would come with considerable risks. The North is known to have huge volumes of conventional artillery based along the South Korean border, much of it in range of Seoul and its 10 million residents. The risk of those weapons inflicting massive casualties is one of the key factors that has deterred multiple U.S. administrations from considering the kind of preemptive strike on Pyongyang’s weapons programs that the United States has threatened against Iran.  The Korean War – frozen by its 1953 cease-fire but never otherwise resolved – may not be over yet.  ",1
9308,"North Korea says Trump isn't screwy at all, a wise choice for president"," SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea has backed presumptive U.S. Republican nominee Donald Trump, with a propaganda website praising him as “a prescient presidential candidate” who can liberate Americans living under daily fear of nuclear attack by the North.  A column carried on Tuesday by DPRK Today, one of the reclusive and dynastic state’s mouthpieces, described Trump as a “wise politician” and the right choice for U.S. voters in the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election.  MORE FROM REUTERS: Tesla gets vote of confidence from a top investor at Fidelity Breakingviews: Banking ghosts haunt Clinton in Philadelphia How oil traders fell for Yahoo It described his most likely Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton, as “thick-headed Hillary” over her proposal to apply the Iran model of wide sanctions to resolve the nuclear weapons issue on the Korean peninsula.  Trump instead has told Reuters he was prepared to talk to North Korean leader Kim Jong Un to try to stop Pyongyang’s nuclear program, and that China should also help solve the problem.  North Korea, known officially as the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (DPRK), is under U.N. sanctions over its past nuclear tests. South Korea and the United States say its calls for dialogue are meaningless until it takes steps to end its nuclear ambitions.  DPRK Today also said Trump’s suggestion that the United States should pull its troops from South Korea until Seoul pays more was the way to achieve Korean unification.  “It turns out that Trump is not the rough-talking, screwy, ignorant candidate they say he is, but is actually a wise politician and a prescient presidential candidate,” said the column, written by a China-based Korean scholar identified as Han Yong Muk.  DPRK Today is among a handful of news sites run by the isolated North, although its content is not always handled by the main state-run media.  It said promising to resolve issues on the Korean peninsula through “negotiations and not war” was the best option for America, which it said is “living every minute and second on pins and needles in fear of a nuclear strike” by North Korea.  The North has for years called for the withdrawal of U.S. troops from the South as the first step toward peace on the Korean peninsula and demanded Washington sign a peace treaty to replace the truce that ended the 1950-53 Korean War.  Its frequently strident rhetoric also often threatens nuclear strikes against South Korea and the United States.  ",1
9309,U.S. expects to continue strong Philippines alliance despite Duterte signal,"SINGAPORE (Reuters) - The United States expects to maintain its strong security relationship with the Philippines, including a recent accord on the rotational stationing of U.S. forces, U.S. officials said on Thursday, despite signals from the incoming Philippine president that he will chart a more independent course. U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter, speaking en route to a security conference in Singapore at which a case over disputed South China Sea territory brought by the previous Philippine government against China will be a key talking point, said Washington took its treaty alliance with the Philippines “very seriously.” “It’s long standing, it is, we say, ironclad,” he told reporters. “They have a new government there and we look forward to working with them, talking with them about our alliance, about security affairs in the region.” Asked about an Enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement (EDCA) he signed in Manila weeks ago giving the United States rotational access to five bases in the Philippines, Carter replied: “Our plans for EDCA and implementation are on track; we haven’t changed our plans at all.” On Tuesday, Philippines President-elect Rodrigo Duterte, who is due to take over on June 30, signaled greater independence in dealing with China and broader security issues, when he told reporters future policy would “not be dependent on America.” “We have this pact with the West, but I want everybody to know that we will be charting a course of our own,” Duterte said, when asked if he would push for bilateral talks with China. On Wednesday, Duterte’s incoming foreign minister, Perfecto Yasay, told Reuters Manila would honor treaties with the United States, including the EDCA, but it “should not be a lackey of any nation.” The outgoing Philippines government has been one of Washington’s staunchest supporters in its standoff with China over its expansive territorial claims in the South China Sea, a vital global trade route. Washington has been supportive of a case Manila has brought in the International Court of Arbitration in The Hague challenging China’s claims. Carter is expected to urge regional nations attending the annual Shangri-la Dialogue to rally around the U.S. position that the court’s ruling, which is expected to go in Manila’s favor, must be binding. Another U.S. defense official, who did not want to be identified, said Washington expected to continue its strong alliance with the Philippines, but added: “We certainly understand the Philippine desire to chart their own course and everything we do with respect to our alliance ... is designed to allow the Philippines to chart its own course.” Asked whether the United States had detected any decrease in desire on the part of the Philippines to take part in joint South China Sea patrols or to commit to more force rotations under the EDCA, the official replied: “It’s too early to tell. We’ll get together with the government when they come in and I’m sure we will have very thorough discussions about all of this when the time comes.” “The first tranche of forces has rotated out. And we will be discussing with the Philippines possible future (deployments).” Duterte has yet to name a defense minister and Carter said he had no meeting planned with the Philippines delegation at the Singapore meeting.  Carter also said he did not plan a separate meeting with the Chinese, but looked forward to seeing members of their delegation over the three-day conference from Friday. ",1
9310,U.S. takes further steps to block North Korea's access to financial system,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States on Wednesday declared North Korea a “primary money laundering concern” and moved to further block its ability to use the U.S. and world financial systems to fund its weapons programs. The U.S. Treasury Department called for a prohibition on certain U.S. financial institutions opening or maintaining correspondent accounts, which are established to receive deposits from or make payments on behalf of a foreign institution, with North Korean financial institutions. Crucially, Treasury also prohibited the use of third parties’ U.S. correspondent accounts to process transactions for North Korean financial institutions. The announcement came days after the latest failed missile launch by the isolated state. Tensions in the region have been high since January when North Korea conducted its fourth nuclear test and then followed that with a satellite launch and test launches of various missiles, in defiance of UN resolutions. Those efforts have all fueled calls in Washington, and abroad, for a clampdown on Pyongyang. U.S. law already generally prohibited U.S. financial institutions from engaging in transactions with North Korean institutions, but Treasury’s latest actions would impose additional controls, especially the prohibition on the use of third-country banks’ U.S. accounts to process transactions for North Korea. “This is meaningful,” said Victor Cha, Korea Chair at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington. “This is designating the entire country, which means essentially that any entity that is interested in interacting with U.S. financial institutions should no longer have any business with North Korea.” “Most, if not all, entities, if faced with the choice of having access to the U.S. financial system or doing business with North Korea, are going to make the obvious choice,” Cha added. South Korea’s foreign ministry on Thursday welcomed the move, which it said in a statement would boost the effectiveness of existing sanctions on the North and have a broader impact than a 2005 U.S. Treasury measure that targeted a bank in the Chinese territory of Macau. But China, North Korea’s most important backer despite Beijing’s anger at Pyongyang’s nuclear program and support for U.N. sanctions, expressed concern. “We have consistently opposed any county using its domestic law to impose unilateral sanctions on another country,” Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying told reporters. About $24 million of North Korean funds was frozen at Macau’s Banco Delta Asia (BDA) after the U.S. Treasury accused it of helping to channel earnings from the North’s illicit activities, leading to a frantic attempt by Pyongyang to retrieve the money. The North has since developed tactics to skirt financial restrictions by resorting to informal means to transfer money, including the use of bulk cash hand-carried by officials.      Adam Szubin, acting under secretary for terrorism and financial intelligence, said Washington expected other governments and financial authorities to make similar moves to prevent Pyongyang from “abusing” global financial institutions to support its development of weapons of mass destruction and ballistic missiles. “The regime is notoriously deceitful in its financial transactions in order to continue its illicit weapons programs and other destabilizing activities,” Szubin said in a statement. The Treasury was required to assess North Korea’s status as a money laundering jurisdiction under the “North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act,” passed nearly unanimously by the U.S. Congress in February. A U.N. Security Council resolution in early March also required member states to sever correspondent banking relationships with North Korean financial institutions within 90 days. ",1
9311,Trump blasts PGA Tour for plan to move golf tournament to Mexico,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, a golf resort developer who has railed against Mexico in the 2016 campaign, lost an important golf tournament to that country on Wednesday when the PGA Tour said it would leave his Trump Doral course in Miami. Although the PGA Tour said it was not a political decision, Trump said in a statement the move was akin to decisions by some U.S. companies to move jobs to Mexico, which has been a refrain of his presidential campaign. “The PGA Tour has put profit ahead of thousands of American jobs, millions of dollars in revenue for local communities and charities and the enjoyment of hundreds of thousands of fans who make the tournament an annual tradition,” he said. “This decision only further embodies the very reason I am running for president of the United States.” The PGA said the World Golf Championship event would move from Trump National Doral to a site in Mexico City and be sponsored by the Grupo Salinas conglomerate. PGA Tour Commissioner Tim Finchem said the move was necessary “once it became apparent that we would not be able to secure sponsorship at levels that would sustain the event and help it grow at Trump National Doral.” “From a golf standpoint, we have no issues with Donald Trump. From a political standpoint, we are neutral. The PGA Tour has never been involved or cares to be involved in presidential politics,” Finchem told a news conference in Dublin, Ohio. Cadillac has been the title sponsor for the event in recent years including this year’s tournament in March. Cadillac representatives did not respond to a request for comment. Trump’s son Eric Trump said Cadillac had been willing to continue. “Cadillac is ready, willing and able to continue as title sponsor for the tournament,” he told Reuters. “And I also can say that Cadillac is an amazing company and a longtime partner to the Trump Organization and we have an impeccable relationship.” The Doral tournament is one of the biggest pro golf events of the year, drawing top golfers from around the world competing for a $6 million purse. The Doral course has hosted a PGA tournament since 1962. Trump, whose golf empire includes 18 courses, purchased the golf resort in 2012 and led a $250 million renovation of its Blue Monster course where the PGA tournament has been played. The news about Doral surfaced on the same day that Trump announced he would step away from the campaign trail later this month to travel to Scotland for the reopening of the Turnberry golf resort, which he bought in 2014. ",1
9312,Obama says transgender bathroom directive based on law,"ELKHART, Ind. (Reuters) - President Barack Obama said on Wednesday the decision to direct public schools to allow transgender students to use the bathrooms of their choice was based on the law and the best interests of the children. Speaking at a town hall event broadcast by the PBS television network, Obama, a Democrat, said the federal government waded into the controversial issue after school districts asked the Education Department for guidance. Republicans have blasted the directive as executive branch overreach, and more than a dozen states have sued the Obama administration to block it.     “What happened and what continues to happen is you have transgender kids in schools. And they get bullied. And they get ostracized. And it’s tough for them,” Obama said. “My best interpretation of what our laws and our obligations are is that we should try to accommodate these kids so that they are not in a vulnerable situation,” he said. On May 13, the federal government told public schools they must allow transgender students to use bathrooms that correspond with their gender identity. The non-binding guidance contained the implicit threat of cuts in federal funding if it was not followed. It relied on an interpretation of Title IX, which protects people from discrimination based on sex in education initiatives that receive federal financial assistance. The directive came as the Justice Department and North Carolina battled in federal court over a North Carolina state law approved in March that prohibits people from using public restrooms not corresponding to the sex on their birth certificates. Other states are weighing similar measures. “We should deal with this issue the same way we would want it dealt with if it was our child and that is to try to create an environment of some dignity and kindness for these kids,” Obama said. Obama said there “are a lot of things more pressing” than the transgender bathroom controversy, including Islamic State, the economy and jobs. “Somehow people think I made it an issue. I didn’t make it an issue,” he said. ",1
9313,"Battling to hold off Sanders, Democrat Clinton to assail Trump on foreign policy","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton’s campaign on Wednesday signaled plans for a big assault on Republican Donald Trump, even as she battles to hold off rival Bernie Sanders in California. Clinton, a former secretary of state, is to deliver what her campaign described as a major speech on Thursday in San Diego to underscore what she feels would be the threat posed by Trump to U.S. national security if he is elected president on Nov. 8. Her language to describe Trump has grown more aggressive by the day. On Wednesday, she seized on testimony released in a lawsuit against Trump University, in which some former workers said they believed Trump’s for-profit school was fraudulent. “Trump and his employees took advantage of vulnerable Americans encouraging them to max out their credit cards, empty their retirement savings, destroy their financial futures, all while making promises they knew were false from the beginning,” Clinton told a campaign event in Newark, New Jersey. “This is just more evidence that Donald Trump himself is a fraud.” Lawyers for Trump have said most students were satisfied with Trump University, dismissing the former workers’ testimony as discredited. Trump, anticipating Clinton’s foreign policy attacks on him, tried to raise doubts about her leadership skills at a rally in Sacramento, Calif. “She is a person with absolutely no natural talent,” he said. “All you have to do is watch her speak.” Repeatedly referring to Clinton as “crooked Hillary,” Trump sharply criticized her handling of foreign policy, including the Sept. 11, 2012, attack by Islamic militants on a U.S. diplomatic facility in Benghazi, Libya, that killed the U.S. ambassador. “She went to sleep,” Trump added. Clinton’s effort to define Trump as unfit to be commander in chief comes as she faces fierce opposition from Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont who has insisted on staying in the fight for the Democratic presidential nomination despite Clinton’s nearly insurmountable lead. California’s primary next Tuesday is shaping up to be pivotal in the Democratic contest, with Clinton holding a 13-point advantage over Sanders, 51 percent to 38 percent, according to the Hoover Institution’s Golden State Poll in the state. An NBC News/Wall Street Journal/Marist poll gave Clinton a much narrower lead of 49 percent, to 47 percent for Sanders. Clinton, with 2,312 delegates, needs 71 more delegates to reach the required 2,383 for the Democratic nomination. Sanders has 1,545. At stake in the California primary are 548 delegates who are awarded proportional to the vote. Five other states also vote next Tuesday, including New Jersey, which could also turn the tide for Clinton. Despite Clinton’s perceived advantage, there are lingering concerns among some Democrats about possible weakness, given the protracted battle with Sanders, a democratic socialist whose calls for free college tuition have energized young voters. Doug Schoen, a Democratic pollster, wrote in the Wall Street Journal on Tuesday that California voters appeared to be leaning toward Sanders in recent days. Sanders has been holding events every day this week in the state. Clinton canceled a New Jersey event planned for Thursday to go to California a day earlier than anticipated and is to stay there until Monday. “The inevitability behind Mrs. Clinton’s nomination will be in large measure eviscerated if she loses the June 7 California primary to Bernie Sanders,” Schoen wrote. “That could well happen.” Other Democrats expressed confidence in Clinton’s position and her move to assail Trump on foreign policy. “I think she has to,” said Democratic strategist Jim Manley. “Leaving aside California, I think they can’t just ignore Donald Trump in that they should be spending a majority of time focusing on him instead of Sanders at this point, because based on the math Sanders can’t win.” Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee, has faced criticism for a variety of positions on foreign policy, such as his willingness to talk to North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and his idea that Japan and South Korea might need to develop nuclear arsenals. On the other hand, past Republican presidents and current Democratic President Barack Obama have, like Trump, said NATO nations should pay more for their defense to ease the U.S. burden. Trump, however, has declared NATO obsolete and in need of reconfiguring. A Clinton aide said Clinton, the wife of former President Bill Clinton, would say Trump had not outlined a coherent foreign policy doctrine and had proven himself to be temperamentally unfit to serve as president. ",1
9314,Trump presidency? Bank of America CEO Moynihan says company will be fine,"(Reuters) - Bank of America Corp Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Brian Moynihan on Wednesday played down the impact on the bank if Donald Trump is elected as the next president of the United States. Moynihan was put on the spot by billionaire investor Wilbur Ross at an annual fundraising dinner for the Japan Society in New York when he was asked about a possible Trump presidency. “I’ve made it my personal practice—because when you run a big company—I do not say ‘candidate A versus candidate B’ but what I think we need as we think about transition is we need a leader for the whole country,” Moynihan said.  Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, has faced criticism on a variety of issues, including his position on trade, immigration and foreign policy. “I have high confidence that the powers of office will be able to shape people into being what’s good for America. If they’re really answering that question I think at the end of the day Bank of America will be fine,” said Moynihan.  Ross, who is Chairman and Chief Strategy Officer at Invesco Ltd subsidiary WL Ross & Co, interviewed Moynihan on stage for 20 minutes as guests ate the first course of cold smoked fish. ",1
9315,California Assembly passes gun control bills,"SACRAMENTO, Calif. (Reuters) - The California Assembly on Wednesday passed a package of gun control bills, including a measure to ban so-called bullet buttons which allow quick changes in the magazine of a military-style weapon. The bills, which lawmakers are pushing the Senate to consider this month, are among several gun control measures that leaders of both houses want to pass in advance of a gun control referendum headed for the November ballot.  The measures include a ban on so-called bullet buttons which supporters say allow gun manufacturers to bypass the state’s prohibition on removable ammunition magazines. Weapons owned by the shooters in December’s San Bernardino massacre were equipped with bullet buttons. The bill passed on the same day that the University of California, Los Angeles campus was shut down in the wake of a murder-suicide shooting.  Also passed was a bill to allow employers, co-workers, mental health workers and school employees to ask a judge to ban someone from possessing a gun for up to a year. The state already allows family members to seek such a ban, known as a gun violence restraining order, against relatives whom a judge rules are at high risk of committing violence against themselves or others with a firearm. A spokesman for the Firearms Policy Coalition was not immediately available for comment.      Last month, the California State Senate passed its own package of bills, which would prohibit possession of large-capacity ammunition magazines, require greater scrutiny of ammunition purchasers and seek to better keep guns out of the hands of violent felons. Led by Senate Democratic leader Kevin de Leon, California senators are rushing to pass the gun control bills in part to defuse a ballot initiative on the same subject backed by Lieutenant Governor Gavin Newsom. Democrats in the Legislature fear that Newsom’s measure, a centerpiece of his campaign so far, along with an initiative to legalize marijuana, will draw Republicans who oppose gun control to the polls, potentially influencing other races. De Leon, who has not endorsed Newsom or announced his own plans for 2018, has said he believes that laws passed by the Legislature are more nuanced and easily adjustable than those instead created through a referendum. Second amendment advocates have steadfastly opposed all of the measures. ",1
9316,Archived State Department briefing video deliberately cut,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Part of a U.S. State Department briefing video about secret U.S.-Iran nuclear talks was deliberately deleted at the request of an unknown official before it was posted to an online archive, the department said on Wednesday. The excised portion of the Dec. 2, 2013, briefing included a question about whether an earlier spokeswoman for the department had misled reporters about whether the United States was holding secret direct nuclear talks with Iran. The State Department initially said it believed a “glitch” caused the gap but on Wednesday said an internal inquiry found it was a deliberate omission. However, it said no rules were broken because none existed governing the integrity of the briefing transcript and video. Rules are now being put in place. The inquiry was carried out by the department’s Office of the Legal Adviser at the request of State Department spokesman John Kirby, who is also assistant secretary of the department’s Bureau of Public Affairs. “In so doing, they learned that a specific request was made to excise that portion of the briefing. We do not know who made the request to edit the video or why it was made,” Kirby told reporters at his daily briefing. The video editor who received the request by telephone “does not remember anything other than that the caller was passing on a request from someone else in the (Public Affairs) bureau,” Kirby added. Speaking on condition of anonymity, a U.S. State Department official said the editor discussed the request with her supervisor and concluded that it came from a “level of credibility and authority” high enough that they should act on the request. Kirby said the video had been replaced some time ago with a full version that was archived with the Defense Department. He said the transcript of the briefing had always been available online and had not been modified. ",1
9317,Obama slams Trump for promising to roll back Wall Street reforms,"ELKHART, Ind. (Reuters) - President Barack Obama slammed Donald Trump’s proposal to weaken Wall Street reforms and touted his own economic record on Wednesday during a trip to a city he visited three weeks into his presidency that has recovered from its recession lows. Obama’s remarks in Elkhart, Indiana, foreshadowed the arguments he is likely to make on the campaign trail this fall against the likely Republican presidential nominee. Obama did not mention Trump by name, but he lambasted the billionaire’s policy proposals, particularly his promise to dismantle most of the U.S. Dodd-Frank financial regulations. “How it is that somebody would propose that we weaken regulations on Wall Street? Have we really forgotten what just happened eight years ago?” Obama said, sounding exasperated. “The notion that you would vote for anybody who would now allow them to go back to doing the same stuff that almost broke our economy’s back makes no sense. I don’t care whether you are a Republican, or a Democrat or an independent, why would you do that?” Obama, who leaves office in January, is eager to have a Democrat succeed him to ensure his legacy on the economy, healthcare reform and climate change continues. By going to Elkhart, the president sought to illustrate the success of his policies in the face of Republican opposition. His trip to the city in early 2009 came in the middle of a fight for the U.S. Congress to pass a roughly $800 billion economic stimulus package. Elkhart had an unemployment rate as high as 19.6 percent in 2009, the White House said; it is now around 4 percent.  Indiana’s Republican Governor Mike Pence said the city had recovered despite Obama’s policies, not because of them. “I believe the people of Elkhart ... have brought our economy back in spite of the burdens that higher taxes, mandates and increasing regulations from Washington, D.C. have placed on them,” he wrote in an opinion piece published in “The Elkhart Truth.” Obama has not endorsed former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in her race for the Democratic presidential nomination against Bernie Sanders, the U.S. senator from Vermont, but he has made his eagerness to campaign for the winner clear. He name checked Clinton’s husband, former President Bill Clinton, by noting deficits had fallen under both of their administrations, and he said Republicans had helped the rich by blaming poor people, minorities, feminists, and immigrants for squeezing the economic wellbeing of the middle class. “The primary story that Republicans have been telling about  the economy is not supported by the facts. It’s just not,” Obama said to a largely supportive crowd at a local high school. ",1
9318,Former Los Angeles mayor starts anti-Trump campaign,"SACRAMENTO, Calif. (Reuters) - Former Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa said on Wednesday he had formed a political action committee and started raising money to help fight Donald Trump’s Republican presidential campaign in key states with large Latino immigrant populations. “I’m focusing all my efforts from now to November on stopping Trump,” Villaraigosa said in a conference call with reporters.  Calling Trump a racist and misogynist, Villaraigosa said his committee, called Building Bridges, Not Walls, would focus on organizing immigrants to oppose the presumptive Republican nominee in California, Arizona, Nevada and Florida in the campaign for the Nov. 8 election. Opened with his own $1,000 contribution, the committee would seek donations to pay for its activities, Villaraigosa said.  Villaraigosa, a Democrat who was Los Angeles mayor from 2005 to 2013 and also served as speaker of the California Assembly, is perhaps the state’s highest-profile Latino leader. He has said he is considering a run for governor in 2018.  His anti-Trump campaign is among the first efforts to formally turn concern among immigrants about the billionaire’s campaign into political action. Last week, Democrats in San Diego organized an anti-Trump demonstration that drew about 400 people. Trump has made concern over illegal immigration a centerpiece of his campaign. He has accused the Mexican government of sending rapists and criminals across the border, pledged to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexican border and called for a temporary halt to Muslim immigration amid fears that radicalized immigrants will commit terrorist acts. Last week in the border city of San Diego, Trump called a judge hearing a case against one of his businesses “hostile” and “a hater” and said he believed the judge was Mexican. “Both Democrats and Republicans are horrified at the prospect of a Trump presidency,” Villaraigosa said. The Trump campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment. ",1
9319,Obama says the Democratic nominee will be clear next week: PBS,"ELKHART, Ind (Reuters) - President Barack Obama said on Wednesday he expected the winner of the Democratic presidential nominating race would be clear next week after Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders compete in races in California and New Jersey. “I think that there has been a healthy debate in the Democratic Party, and it’s almost over,” Obama said during a town hall-style event broadcast by PBS. People will “probably have a pretty good sense next week,” of who the nominee will be, Obama said. Clinton, a former U.S. secretary of state, is the front-runner in the Democratic race. Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, lags her in the number of delegates needed to wrap up the nomination. California and New Jersey, which both have large numbers of delegates up for grabs, hold their votes next Tuesday.  Obama has not endorsed either candidate in the Democratic race, though he has made clear his affection and admiration for Clinton, who was his opponent in the 2008 Democratic nominating race. Obama appointed Clinton as his secretary of state after winning the presidential election that year. ",1
9320,Clinton's IT aide to plead the Fifth in email lawsuit: The Hill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The man believed to have set up and maintained Hillary Clinton’s private email server will assert his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination and refuse to answer questions as part of an open records lawsuit against the State Department, the Hill newspaper reported on Wednesday. Bryan Pagliano will decline to answer questions from Judicial Watch, the conservative legal watchdog group, during a deposition scheduled for Monday, his lawyers wrote in a court filing on Wednesday afternoon, according to The Hill.  ",1
9321,Starr steps down as Baylor chancellor after sex assault scandal,"AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - Former Baylor University President Kenneth Starr resigned as chancellor of the world’s largest Baptist university on Wednesday after being implicated in a report for not doing enough to probe sexual assaults by athletes. Starr, who rose to prominence for his exhaustive investigation of sex scandals surrounding then-President Bill Clinton, stepped down as chancellor but will keep his post as a professor in Baylor’s law school. “With sorrow, earlier this morning, I announced my resignation effective immediately as chancellor of Baylor University as a matter of conscience,” Starr said in an exclusive interview on ESPN television’s “Outside the Lines.” Starr added he was unaware of what was happening but still accepted responsibility. “We need to put this horrible situation behind us,” he said.  One of the victims of sexual assault at Baylor, identified only as “Sarah,” told the show she sent a letter to Starr about being raped. She finds it hard to believe that he did not know about other sexual assaults. Baylor’s board of regents accepted the resignation, the school said. Last week, the central Texas university in Waco removed Starr as president and fired head football coach Art Briles after an independent report found administrators mishandled sexual abuse cases involving football players. The investigation found actions by Baylor administrators directly discouraged students from reporting sexual assaults. In one case, the actions included retaliating against a complainant for reporting a sexual assault. “We were horrified by what we learned from the investigation and again express our public acknowledgment and deepest apologies,” the board said in a statement on Wednesday. In March, a former student at Baylor brought a negligence lawsuit in federal court against the school, claiming it acted callously and indifferently after she was raped by a Baylor football player. In a separate scandal, Baylor football player Sam Ukwuachu was sentenced last year to six months in jail for sexually assaulting a fellow student in 2013. Starr became Baylor’s president in 2010, promising to promote the school’s “great tradition in the Christian world.” A former appeals court judge, Starr was appointed as a special counsel to investigate Clinton over a real estate investment and other matters. His probe widened to include Clinton’s sexual relationship with White House intern Monica Lewinsky, and led to Clinton’s impeachment by the House of Representatives.  Republicans could not muster the two-thirds majority in the Senate needed to remove Clinton from office. ",1
9322,Kansas is latest U.S. state to challenge Obama transgender directive,"(Reuters) - Kansas vowed on Wednesday to sue the Obama administration over a directive telling U.S. public schools to allow transgender students to use bathrooms and locker rooms that correspond with their gender identities. The announcement by Kansas Attorney General Derek Schmidt made the state the 13th to wade into an acrimonious debate about the rights of transgender Americans. It comes a day after a federal appeals court refused to reconsider its ruling that gave a Virginia transgender high-school student access to the bathroom of his gender identity. The court’s decision “means our only option is to pursue a more direct challenge to the Obama administration’s unlawful efforts to unilaterally rewrite Title IX,” Schmidt, a Republican, said in a statement. President Barack Obama’s administration on May 13 told U.S. public schools that transgender students must be allowed to use the bathroom of their choice, upsetting Republicans and paving the way for fights over federal funding and legal authority. The letter relied on an interpretation of Title IX, which protects people from discrimination based on sex in education initiatives that receive federal financial assistance. The letter did not have the force of law but contained an implicit threat that schools that do not abide by the directive could lose federal aid. Schmidt called the directive an attempt to expand federal power. Also on Wednesday, the Kansas Senate passed by 30-to-8 a resolution opposing the Obama administration’s guidance on transgender students’ bathroom use that said state and local officials, and not federal officials, should decide school policy and that the directive threatens students’ privacy and safety.  Officials from 11 U.S. states - Alabama, Arizona, Georgia, Louisiana, Maine, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, West Virginia, Wisconsin - sued the Obama administration last week, calling its directive “a massive social experiment.” Mississippi’s Republican governor said on Thursday he planned to join the lawsuit.  Schmidt said he is reviewing whether Kansas will join the lawsuit by the 11 states, led by Texas, or file a separate, similar lawsuit. North Carolina sued the federal government last month, seeking to protect a state law passed in March that bans people from using public restrooms not corresponding to their sex assigned at birth. But while many states have protested the Obama administration directive, others have acted to protect the rights of transgender individuals. Massachusetts lawmakers on Wednesday were voting on a measure that would make the state the 18th to ban discrimination based on gender identity. ",1
9323,"As Puerto Rico government frays, bondholders might get paid","SAN JUAN (Reuters) - As struggling Puerto Rico enters a bitter election season, discord in the U.S. territory’s ruling party is reaching new heights, which could benefit bondholders. Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla has pushed to force hedge funds, mutual funds and other investors to take losses on the $70 billion Puerto Rico owes them because it cannot repay the debt in full. He says the island's staggering poverty and lack of money to ensure basic services constitutes a humanitarian crisis. (Graphic: tmsnrt.rs/1PjZvh5) Garcia Padilla, deeply unpopular with exhausted political capital, has dwindling allies among campaigning lawmakers now distancing themselves from him. They may adopt more creditor-friendly policies to counter his populist ideals, experts say.  Puerto Rican residents vote in local primaries this Sunday with some members of Garcia Padilla’s Popular Democratic Party locked in tight battles, including Rep. Rafael “Tatito” Hernandez, who runs Puerto Rico’s House finance committee. The island’s election cycle is unique, with all posts decided on the same day every four years, making political campaigns especially heated. Election day, Nov. 8, is a holiday, and voter turnout averages more than 80 percent. The governor will not seek a second term, and financial markets have never given him much credibility. His administration has yet to publish fiscal 2014’s audited financial results. That has fed a perception of irresponsible government, and spurred PDP members to try to distance themselves from his administration. The dynamic could play into the hands of creditors. Garcia Padilla set aside about $200 million in the fiscal 2017 budget toward the $800 million payment due on GO debt July 1, but Hernandez has said he will lobby to earmark enough to pay it all. “There is a lot of lobbying here by bondholders, and one of the big issues is whether to include money to pay that debt in next year’s budget,” Sergio Marxuach, a San Juan-based economist, said in an interview. A law signed in April, giving the governor authority to issue moratoriums on debt payments, could be scaled back, said Height Securities analyst Daniel Hanson, who follows Puerto Rico. “Our base case has been that the budget will be used as leverage to amend back parts of the moratorium,” Hanson said.  While these local fights play out, the U.S. Congress has been debating a bill that would pull Puerto Rico’s finances under federal oversight and allow the government to restructure its bond debt. The governor, though never wildly popular, has had some success pushing his agenda. But lately the wheels have come off, even though his party has controlled the House and Senate since 2013.  Key party leaders, like Hernandez and former Secretary of State David Bernier, the PDP’s gubernatorial candidate, have openly criticized him. Garcia Padilla’s own economy minister, Alberto Baco Bague, publicly questioned the legitimacy of the humanitarian crisis, telling local media in May the narrative was a political “strategy.” Baco declined to comment for this story. Last week, in a boon for businesses, the legislature repealed a new round of tax hikes on professional services, the same bill it had approved just last year on the strength of Garcia Padilla’s message of financial desperation. Adding to the chaos, a group of Puerto Rico creditors sued Garcia Padilla’s administration over the legality of the debt moratorium, despite having signed an agreement barring lawsuits while sides negotiated a restructuring. The move reflected ever-growing acrimony between the government and its creditors, Hanson said. A spokeswoman for Garcia Padilla’s office had no immediate comment. Like Baco’s criticism, much of the internal discord turns on whether there is actually a humanitarian crisis. But while that argument may be losing political steam, it should not be disregarded, Marxuach said. The message has resonated with Democrats in Washington, including U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew and Rep. Raul Grijalva, who made separate visits to Puerto Rico in May to stress the dire human circumstances on the island.  “Puerto Rico is at a moment of necessity and crisis,” Lew said May 9 in San Juan.  Marxuach said the crisis is not so much a ticking time bomb, “it’s a slow burn.”  Public pensions covering 330,000 beneficiaries are the worst-funded of any state-level U.S. pension this century, set to run out of cash in three years.  Hospitals face staffing shortfalls as doctors flee to better-paying jobs on the mainland. The island’s poverty rate is at 45 percent; unemployment is near 12 percent, and higher in rural towns.  Puerto Ricans’ ability to emigrate to the mainland is an escape hatch that mitigates the economic stress and political pressure to fix it.  But for those without the ability to escape the burdens just grow. “The debt stays the same,” said Marxuach, “but the economy grows even less.” ",1
9324,NY mayor criticizes Trump's closing public atrium for campaign events,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - A showdown between New York City and Donald Trump over one of the most potent symbols of Trump’s candidacy, the glitzy atrium of Trump Tower, intensified on Wednesday as the mayor’s office criticized his closing of the tower’s public space for campaign events. Lined with pink marble and indoor waterfalls and a popular tourist attraction, the atrium has become a favorite event backdrop for Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee for the U.S. presidency, who frequently boasts to voters of his wealthy lifestyle and his success as a building developer. City officials are now investigating whether Trump’s using the atrium for private campaign events without permission is in breach of a long-standing agreement between Trump and the city’s planners. Trump had agreed to maintain it as a public space as a zoning concession when the tower was built.  A spokesman for Mayor Bill de Blasio, a Democrat, weighed in on Wednesday to register City Hall’s displeasure, which may yet force Trump to find an alternative setting for his events for the five months remaining before the November presidential election.  “Despite what he may think, the rules and laws of this city apply to everybody, including Mr. Trump. Mr. Trump should honor his agreement with the city to keep the space open to the public,” Austin Finan, the spokesman, said in a statement. In order to build his flagship Fifth Avenue skyscraper taller than zoning rules would have otherwise allowed, including the penthouse where Trump lives, Trump agreed to keep the atrium open to the public from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. every day. The atrium, opened in 1983, is one of scores of “privately owned public spaces” across the city, an effort to balance the wishes of developers to build taller while preserving pockets of space for New Yorkers in crowded neighborhoods. Since launching his campaign by descending an escalator into the atrium last June, Trump has held at least half a dozen campaign events where Reuters reporters have seen his security staff prevent anyone but a few pre-approved journalists from entering parts or all of the atrium.  City officials, whose investigation was first reported by Reuters on Tuesday, say they have no evidence of Trump seeking or getting permission to close the space for a private event, which is allowed to happen up to four times a year.  Michael Cohen, an executive vice president for the Trump Organization, said on Tuesday he could neither confirm nor deny if there had been a violation of the agreement while his staff tried to locate the paperwork. He did not respond to questions on Wednesday. ",1
9325,Singapore's prime minister to visit White House on Aug. 2,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama will host Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong at the White House for an official visit and state dinner on Aug. 2, the White House said on Wednesday. ",1
9326,Congress probes NY Fed's handling of Bangladesh Bank heist: letter,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. congressional committee has launched a probe into the Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s handling of the cyber theft of $81 million from one of its accounts held by the central bank of Bangladesh, according to a letter seen by Reuters. The letter, addressed to New York Fed President William Dudley and sent Tuesday from the House of Representatives’ Science Committee, requests “all documents and communications” connected to the February heist, the bank’s oversight of the global financial network SWIFT and the status of any reviews related to the Fed’s information technology conducted since the attack occurred. The letter follows similar probes launched last month by Tom Carper, the Senate Homeland Security Committee’s top Democrat, and Representative Carolyn Maloney, a New York Democrat. The latest inquiry comes as policymakers, regulators and financial institutions around the world increase scrutiny into the heist and related attacks on banks in Vietnam and Ecuador, in which hackers sent fraudulent transaction messages across the SWIFT. “In light of the recent cyber attacks on our global financial systems, the Committee believes it is imperative to receive information from the NY Fed about its response, its oversight of SWIFT, the status of the investigation, and any remedial steps taken to address vulnerabilities,” states the letter, signed by House Science Committee Chairman Lamar Smith, a Texas Republican. A New York Fed spokeswoman said it intended to respond to the new request for information. The bank has so far denied responsibility for the Bangladesh Bank intrusion. The letter said it was “deeply troubling” that cyber security experts believe more attacks will be uncovered as banks review their security systems, and that Bangladesh Bank’s systems appeared to be the “weak link” in the February attack. SWIFT, the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication, last week urged banks to bolster their security, saying it was aware of multiple attacks. Banks around the world rely on SWIFT to issue payment instructions to each other. The committee requested a response from the New York Fed by June 14. ",1
9327,New York probing Trump's closing of Trump Tower atrium for campaign events," (This May 31 story corrects atrium’s opening times in sixth paragraph: “between 8 a.m. and 10 p.m.” instead of “between 10 a.m. and 8 p.m.”) By Jonathan Allen NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York City is investigating Donald Trump’s practice of closing down the public atrium in Trump Tower for presidential campaign events that are off limits to the public.   In order to add more floors than zoning rules would otherwise allow, Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, agreed to create a two-story public atrium on the ground and lower floors of the building, which opened in 1983 on Manhattan’s Fifth Avenue. But security staff wearing Trump badges spent several hours shooing away a growing crowd of New Yorkers and tourists from the doors on Tuesday morning after Trump decided to hold a news conference in the atrium to discuss his fundraising for veterans groups. “Department of Buildings inspectors will be investigating the allegations that the (public atrium) was closed contrary to the building owner’s agreement with the city,” Joe Soldevere, a department spokesman, told Reuters on Tuesday. There are scores of “privately owned public spaces,” or POPS, throughout New York City, intended as a trade-off between developers who want to build taller and preserving space for the public in the city’s densest neighborhoods. In the case of Trump Tower, the 6,000-square-foot public atrium, which is lined with pink marble, must be open to the public between 8 a.m. and 10 p.m. every day, a fact advertised in large gold letters over the building’s Fifth Avenue entrance. As with other such spaces, it can be closed up to four times a year for a private event after permission from city officials.  Trump has held several events in the public areas of Trump Tower since launching his campaign in the atrium there last June. Officials at the Department of City Planning, which grants permission to close a POPS for an event, and the Department of Buildings, which investigates violations, said they had no record of Trump ever seeking or being granted permission to shut out the public for a campaign event. The investigation was prompted by media reports of the news conference.  Inspectors will seek evidence that the public was denied access without the city’s permission, including testimony from anyone turned away. Violations carry a $4,000 fine. Michael Cohen, an executive vice president for the Trump Organization, said his staff was trying to locate the text of the agreement with the city, and could not immediately confirm or deny the suggestion that closing the atrium was a violation. Trump lives in a penthouse in the tower with his family and has his main office there. He previously battled with the city over the space, most recently after he replaced a bench there with a kiosk selling Trump merchandise. A city judge ruled the kiosk violated Trump’s agreement with the city, and Trump agreed to removed the kiosk in January and pay a $4,000 fine. ",1
9328,Trump says to visit UK to open golf resort on June 24,"LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump said on Wednesday he would visit Britain for the opening of his Scottish golf resort on June 24, his first trip to the UK since a spat with Prime Minister David Cameron over comments he made about Muslims. Relations between Cameron and Trump, whose visit comes the day after Britain holds a referendum on its membership of the European Union, have been tense since the British leader called his proposed ban on Muslims entering the United States dangerous and stupid. Trump’s idea for a boycott of Muslims, mooted last December, also led to calls from some lawmakers for him to be banned from Britain, with almost 600,000 people signing an online petition to keep him out. While Cameron and his ministers rejected that call, the prime minister did suggest that Trump would unite the nation against him if he visited Britain.  Trump responded by saying he was unlikely to have a good relationship with Cameron, although both men have since tempered their language after Trump effectively became the presumptive Republican Party nominee. Cameron has said he would be happy to meet him, although no date had been fixed, and Trump said they could have a good relationship after all. A spokesman for Cameron said there were no firm plans for a meeting, although it was a long-standing practice for a prime minister to meet presidential nominees if they visited Britain. Trump’s visit will coincide with the result of Britain’s EU referendum, and while Cameron is leading the campaign for Britain to stay in the bloc, Trump has said he thinks Britons would be better off outside. In a statement, Trump made no mention of any potential Cameron meeting, saying only that his visit to Britain was for the official opening of his golf resort at Turnberry following a 200 million pound ($290 million) refurbishment. A spokeswoman for the Trump Organization said the date of the opening had been planned long in advance and that it was just a coincidence it came the day after the EU vote. The date would not be changed, she added. The golf course has itself pitted Trump against British politicians after Scotland’s devolved government approved plans for an offshore wind farm nearby which led Trump to denounce Scottish ministers as “foolish, small minded and parochial”. ",1
9329,Venezuela's Maduro rooting for 'revolutionary friend' Sanders in U.S. campaign,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela’s embattled president, Nicolas Maduro, said on Tuesday night he supported Bernie Sanders in the U.S. presidential race, adding that the candidate, who describes himself as a democratic socialist, would win if the vote were “free.”  Maduro, a socialist who sees himself as the political heir to his predecessor, Hugo Chavez, has long railed against the United States, blaming it for Venezuela’s economic crisis and accusing Washington of attempting to topple him. “Bernie Sanders, our revolutionary friend, ought to win in the United States,” Maduro said during an hours-long televised broadcast.  “If the elections were free ... Bernie Sanders would be president of the United States,” he said, criticizing the U.S. Electoral College system as unrepresentative of popular sentiment.  Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, trails former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in the race for the Democratic nomination for the Nov. 8 presidential election. In an email to supporters in September, Sanders called Chavez a “dead communist dictator.” Venezuela is reeling from a brutal economic crisis that has seen food and medicine running short and spiraling inflation destroying incomes.  The United States and Venezuela have had troubled relations since Chavez became president in 1999, and the countries have not exchanged ambassadors since 2010. Maduro suffered a blow on Tuesday, when the head of the Washington-based Organization of American States called an urgent meeting to discuss whether Venezuela was violating basic democratic principles, paving the way for a vote that could suspend it from the regional diplomatic body. (reut.rs/1P1h0ND) Maduro is also under pressure from Venezuela’s opposition, which is pushing for a recall referendum to remove him from office this year, although authorities have said there would be no such vote. ",1
9330,Illinois ends spring session without a FY 2017 budget,"SPRINGFIELD, Ill. (Reuters) - The Democrat-controlled Illinois Legislature ended its spring session late Tuesday, failing to produce a full fiscal 2017 budget to tackle financial woes or even a plan to fund schools. Hours before the session ended Republican Governor Bruce Rauner chastised Democrats for their “stunning failure” on the budget front. “We’re like a banana republic. We can’t manage our money,” he said at a news conference. A House-passed budget that Rauner vowed to veto for being more than $7 billion short on revenue failed badly in a Senate vote. Illinois has limped through fiscal 2016 as the only U.S. state without a complete budget, operating under court-ordered spending, and continuing and stopgap appropriations.  The governor last year vetoed all but a school funding bill in the Democrats’ budget for the fiscal year that ends June 30.  The impasse between Rauner and Democrats showed no sign of easing and could leave the nation’s fifth-largest state runningon a similar autopilot as the new fiscal year begins July 1. Vendors, social services providers, state universities, community colleges and others that have received partial or no funding over the last year are reaching breaking point. That in turn could bring widespread operational problems if the state is unable to obtain food, utilities, fuel and other essentials. “Real people are going to suffer. Real people are going to die,” warned Democratic State Representative Jack Franks. The legislature also failed to approve a stand-alone K-12 education budget. A $15.7-billion bill to ensure schools open in the fall passed the Senate but was soundly defeated in the House.  Its demise leaves the financially struggling Chicago Public Schools (CPS) without an additional $475 million in funding in part to help pay for rising contributions to teacher pensions. CPS officials have warned of “draconian” spending cuts to deal with a $1 billion budget deficit. Democratic leaders on Tuesday refused to immediately take up Rauner’s short-term budget plan, shunting it off to a bipartisan working group. Future budget deliberations will be complicated by the fact that a tougher, three-fifths voting majority to pass a bill kicks in on Wednesday.  House Speaker Michael Madigan has made clear his chamber will meet every week during June to work on a budget.  The inability to send Rauner a spending plan exposed an unusual level of dysfunction within the Democratic Party, whose super majorities in both legislative chambers were racked by infighting over how best to confront the 11-month impasse with the governor. The Senate’s refusal to adopt a budget plan bearing the clear imprint of Madigan, the state party chairman, represented a stinging rebuke to the longest-serving statehouse speaker in America and a setback Rauner allies called a “catastrophe” for Democrats. Within the 39-member Senate Democratic majority, some senators complained they were unable to have input in the House-passed plan, which arrived last week as a take-it-or-leave it proposition, one of Madigan’s legislative hallmarks over the years in his dealings with Illinois’ upper legislative chamber. “There was a lot of resentment over the way it was passed,” said Senate President John Cullerton. Without a budget, Illinois, which already has the lowest bond ratings among the 50 states, risks harming its credit standing further. Credit rating agencies have warned of downgrades if the state fails to tackle its $111-billion unfunded pension liability and huge structural budget deficit. The governor’s budget office has hired consultants to help disengage from interest rate swap pacts that could cost the state more than $100 million if its ratings fall below specified levels. ",1
9331,"Combative Trump says he raised $5.6 million for vets, bashes media","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Tuesday detailed $5.6 million in contributions he raised for military veterans, and staged a fiery news conference where he attacked reporters for questioning him for months about the money.                  Appearing at Trump Tower in Manhattan, the billionaire accused the media of failing to give him credit for raising the funds at an event in January in Iowa. His tirade, in which he called one reporter “a sleaze” and sarcastically described another as a “real beauty,” overshadowed what otherwise should have been an upbeat event for the presumptive Republican nominee. “The press should be ashamed of themselves,” he told reporters gathered before him. “You make me look very bad. I’ve never received such bad publicity for doing a good job.” While Trump has long had an adversarial relationship with the media, questions about the donations to veterans touched a raw nerve with him as he tries to build a conservative base ahead of the Nov. 8 general election.     Reporters have been persistently asking whether Trump in fact raised all the money he said he had in January and why it took so long to hand donations over to veterans groups. A number of veterans groups listed by Trump on Tuesday as recipients confirmed they had received the donation as listed, ranging from $25,000 to, in one case, $1.1 million, which went to the Marine Corps Law Enforcement Foundation. Some of the donations arrived in February or March, some as recently as last week around the time a critical article appeared in The Washington Post. The money arrived in the form of a check from the Donald J. Trump Foundation. “We received a $75,000 gift early last week from the Trump Foundation, it was not restricted or earmarked in any way,” said Katherine Fritz, director of development at America’s Vetdogs. Trump’s criticism of the media dashed the hopes of some Republican leaders who want him to tone down his rhetoric and become more magnanimous now that he has sealed the Republican presidential nomination. The Washington Post said Trump only handed over a personal donation of $1 million last week - four months after announcing it - once the newspaper started asking about the money. Trump said the news coverage of his veterans group donations had been close to libelous. Asked whether he would maintain an adversarial stance with reporters if elected president, Trump said: “Yeah, it’s going to be like this.” A reporter told Trump he seemed resistant to the kind of scrutiny that comes with the office of U.S. president. But Ari Fleischer, a former White House press secretary for President George W. Bush, said the news media should stop fretting about how Trump treats them. “My advice to the press: Stop interviewing yourselves about Trump’s attack on the press. Don’t worry about it. Just do your jobs and be fair,” he said. The contretemps took place on the same day documents were disclosed from a lawsuit involving Trump University, a now-defunct education program that ran a real estate training program. Trump has attacked the presiding judge as hostile to him.  The university documents showed Trump University created a special class to teach students how to cash in on U.S. mortgage foreclosures when the United States was struggling with an entrenched housing crisis in 2009. Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton sought to take advantage of Trump’s discomfort over the media scrutiny he has faced. She told CNN that Trump’s tendency to attack his critics “is a recipe for gridlock in Washington.” Clinton defended her own policy toward dealing with the news media, saying she has conducted 300 interviews this year alone. Unlike Trump, she rarely holds news conferences. Her last one was last December. Clinton leads Trump by 11 percentage points in the latest Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll. According to the May 27-31 survey of likely voters, 46 percent support the former U.S. secretary of state while 35 percent back Trump.   California Governor Jerry Brown on Tuesday endorsed Clinton for the Democratic nomination, saying it was the only way to “stop the dangerous candidacy of Donald Trump.”            At his news conference, Trump also bristled at the possibility that Republicans opposed to him might run a third-party candidate as an alternative to Trump or the expected Democratic nominee Clinton. He said a leader of that effort, Bill Kristol, editor of The Weekly Standard magazine, “looks like such a fool.” “Let me tell you these people are losers,” said Trump, adding that a third-party candidacy would guarantee Clinton wins the White House and deny Republicans the chance to put conservatives on the Supreme Court. “What you’re going to do is lose the election for the Republicans and therefore you lose the Supreme Court,” he said. Trump read out a list of veterans’ organizations that had received money from the January event, which he attended instead of participating in a Fox News-sponsored candidates’ debate. He said the money was benefiting 41 groups and that the total cash raised could climb as more comes in.  He turned the microphone over briefly to Al Baldasaro, a Trump supporter and a veteran from New Hampshire who also skewered the news media, saying reporters should “get your head out of your butt, focus on the real issues.”             ",1
9332,Clinton says her campaign talking to Sanders camp about unifying Democrats,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said on Tuesday her campaign has been in contact with the campaign of rival Bernie Sanders about unifying the Democratic Party. Unifying the party will be a central challenge once Democrats choose their nominee, with Clinton heavily favored to win the nomination but facing a protracted battle with Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont In an interview on CNN, Clinton said the contacts are likely to intensify after next week’s California primary. “I will certainly do everything I can to unify the Democratic Party. Our campaigns have been reaching out to one another. We will continue to do that,” she said. She said both she and Sanders “are going to do everything we can” to prevent Republican candidate Donald Trump from winning the Nov. 8 presidential election. ",1
9333,Trump University told students how to 'cash in' on housing crash,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s eponymous business seminar program created a class to teach students how to cash in on U.S. mortgage foreclosures during the housing crisis. Trump University promised in 2009 that its “Fast Track to Foreclosure Investing” would teach students how to take advantage of the crisis, according to university documents unsealed last week in a lawsuit against the now-defunct program.     The release will likely stoke criticism from the campaign of Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton, who last week accused her likely rival in the Nov. 8 presidential election of having cheered on the 2008 housing crash as an investment opportunity. A spokeswoman for Trump’s campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment, although Trump reacted to Clinton’s criticism last week, saying: “What am I going to do? I’m in business.” A Trump University advertisement released in the case said one of its free investor workshops would explain how to “Cash in on one of the greatest property liquidations in history!” Trump University instructors were to teach students how to “capitalize without harm” and find ways for “sellers to move on without shame,” according to a December 2008 summary of the seminar. An earlier 2007 memo to enrollment counselors stated that about 1.5 million U.S. homeowners would face foreclosure that year and laid out how they should advise students to seize the “tremendous opportunity” to purchase properties at “major discounts” in “hot markets” such as Arizona, Florida and Texas. The roughly 400 pages of documents included “playbooks” on how to recruit students, directions for how instructors should deal with the media and other details about Trump’s seminar program. They were unsealed on Friday by U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel, whom Trump called “hostile” and “a hater,” adding he believed the judge was Mexican. New York’s attorney general slammed Trump on Tuesday for his comment on the judge’s ethnicity. Curiel is an American who was born in East Chicago, Indiana, and graduated from the Indiana University School of Law. Clinton’s attack on Trump last week was prompted by recently released audio that Trump recorded in 2006 for Trump University. In remarks on a possible “bubble burst,” Trump said in the recording: “I sort of hope that happens because then people like me would go in and buy” to “make a lot of money.” ",1
9334,Conservative editor considering lawyer for independent White House bid: Bloomberg,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Conservative commentator Bill Kristol is considering choosing David French, a staff writer with National Review magazine and a constitutional lawyer, to run as an independent presidential candidate against Republican Donald Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton, Bloomberg News reported on Tuesday. Kristol, editor of the Weekly Standard, has expressed disappointment that Trump has likely secured the Republican nomination and said he has been searching for an alternative candidate. ",1
9335,NY attorney general slams Trump's comment on judge's ethnicity,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - New York’s attorney general, who has filed a lawsuit against Donald Trump’s education venture, Trump University, slammed the presumptive Republican presidential nominee on Tuesday for his attack on a U.S. district judge’s ethnicity. Trump, a New York billionaire businessman, is fighting a trio of lawsuits that accuse his education program of misleading thousands of people who paid up to $35,000 for seminars to learn about his real-estate investment strategies. “This was a fraud from top to bottom. He’s using every trick he can to delay the release of documents, to delay the trials, attacking the judge for his ethnicity, attacking me and accusing me of conspiring with the president of the United States,” New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, a Democrat, told CNN. Days after Judge Gonzalo Curiel ordered some documents in one case involving the school to be unsealed, Trump called Curiel “hostile” and “a hater” and said he believed the judge was Mexican. Curiel is an American who was born in East Chicago, Indiana, and graduated from the Indiana University School of Law. Schneiderman, re-elected as attorney general in 2014, dismissed a question about Trump’s allegation that Curiel’s ruling was politically motivated, saying that in three individual cases against the university, “every judge has said these are valid fraud claims.” “He’s taking it to New York’s highest court for one more round of appeals, but no judge has dismissed this,” Schneiderman said. Asked about Trump’s efforts to downplay the case,  Schneiderman called it “hugely important” for the way it cast Trump as “someone who is absolutely shameless in his willingness to lie to people.” He blasted some of the university’s specific tactics, including the way instructors would persuade students to ask their credit card companies for an increased credit limit as a step toward being successful in real estate, and then persuade them to use it to buy more Trump seminars. “It was shameless, it was heartless, it’s important information to get out there,” Schneiderman said. Trump’s campaign did not immediately respond to requests for comment.  ",1
9336,Massachusetts governor would sign transgender rights bill,"BOSTON (Reuters) - Massachusetts Governor Charlie Baker said on Tuesday he is ready to sign a transgender rights bill if it passes in its current form in the state House of Representatives amid an acrimonious debate across the United States about the issue. Baker, a socially liberal Republican, had come under fire this year for refusing to say whether he would approve the bill, which would ban discrimination against transgender people in public restrooms and other public buildings. It passed the state Senate last month. “No one should be discriminated against in Massachusetts because of their gender identity,” Baker said in a statement. “I would sign the House version in its current form should it reach my desk.” The Massachusetts House is due to vote on the measure on Wednesday. It is expected to pass by a wide margin in the Democratic-controlled chamber. The House version of the bill differs from the version passed by the Senate in that it directs the state attorney general to issue guidelines to law enforcement on how to handle people who claim transgender rights “for an improper purpose.” That language is a nod to one of the main concerns of opponents of people using bathrooms or locker rooms that do not correspond with their birth gender - that sexual predators will claim transgender status to access potential victims. The measure would make liberal-leaning Massachusetts the 18th U.S. state to prohibit discrimination based on gender identity. The issue of transgender rights has become the latest front in America’s culture wars. Some supporters of the Massachusetts measure described it as a rebuke to a law put in place in March in North Carolina prohibiting people from using bathrooms that do not correspond to the sex on their birth certificates. ",1
9337,U.S. says North Korea's nuclear ambitions on table in China talks,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States plans to use upcoming talks with top Chinese officials to discuss ways to bring greater pressure to bear on North Korea to abandon its nuclear ambitions, a senior U.S. official said on Tuesday. “The outcome that we’re looking for is North Korean agreement to negotiate the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula,” Assistant Secretary of State Daniel Russel told reporters. “We have a vastly improved chance of getting that with China’s full cooperation, and we intend to use the (U.S.-China Strategic and Economic Dialogue) to game out how we can speed up the outcome that we’re both working to achieve,” he said. ",1
9338,U.S. urges North Korea to curb actions that raise tensions in northeast Asia,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States on Tuesday condemned an attempted missile launch by North Korea and urged Pyongyang to refrain from actions that create tensions in northeastern Asia. “The United States, and the rest of the international community, calls on North Korea to refrain from actions including this failed missile test that further raise tensions in the region and focus instead on taking concrete steps toward fulfilling its international commitments,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest said. “The United States strongly condemns North Korea’s missile test,” he told a news briefing. The U.S. military’s Strategic Command assessed that North Korea attempted to launch an intermediate-range ballistic missile on Monday but that the test was a failure. ",1
9339,Justice Department asks for hold on court sanctions in immigration case,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Justice Department on Tuesday filed an emergency motion to stop sanctions imposed by a federal judge in Texas that  included mandated ethics classes for federal prosecutors, as part of ongoing litigation over immigration policy. The sanctions were ordered on May 19 by District Judge Andrew Hanen, who ruled in February 2015 that President Barack Obama’s executive actions on immigration were outside the bounds of the president’s authority. Hanen also ordered the Department of Homeland Security to prepare a state-by-state review of immigrants who were given three years of safeguards from deportation under Obama’s previous immigration action instead of two.  The case has been brought before the U.S. Supreme Court.  The Justice Department asked Hanen to put a hold on the sanctions while it seeks a review from the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. The Justice Department will ask the Fifth Circuit for an appeal of the decision, a mandamus order or both to block the sanction order.  In the court filing, in Houston, the Justice Department said it “takes with utmost seriousness the public trust committed to it to represent the interests of the American people in the courts of the United States, and insists that its attorneys adhere to the high standards of ethical conduct and professionalism required to carry out that critical mission.”     “The court’s order to turn over immigration records would undermine trust in the Department of Homeland Security’s ability to maintain the confidentiality of personal information, which is essential to its mission,” said Patrick Rodenbush, a spokesman for the Justice Department, in connection with the review ordered by Hanen.  ",1
9340,Supreme Court rejects union appeal over Trump casino bankruptcy,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday rejected a union’s appeal of a lower court’s ruling that allowed Atlantic City’s Trump Taj Mahal casino, founded by Donald Trump but now owned by billionaire investor Carl Icahn, to break its contract with union workers to secure a bankruptcy rescue deal. The high court’s decision not to hear the appeal by Unite Here Local 54 leaves in place a January decision by the Philadelphia-based 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals that cleared the way for the casino to exit Chapter 11 bankruptcy. The struggling casino has since emerged from bankruptcy and is now owned by Icahn Enterprises LP. It was the New Jersey city’s largest casino when Trump opened it in 1990 but it later fell on hard times along with other Atlantic City casinos. Trump, the billionaire real estate developer and presumptive Republican U.S. presidential nominee, founded the casino and it bears his name, but he has said he no longer has a stake in it. In 2014, the casino’s owner, Trump Entertainment Resorts Inc, filed for bankruptcy. Last year, it convinced a U.S. bankruptcy judge that it had to impose a new lower-cost contract on unionized workers in order to secure Icahn’s rescue deal. The union appealed, arguing that because the collective bargaining agreement expired before the bankruptcy, the U.S. Bankruptcy Court lacked jurisdiction. The appeals court sided with Trump Entertainment, saying a bankruptcy judge must be free to evaluate a labor contract that may determine the fate of a business. ",1
9341,Supreme Court rejects constitutional challenge to death penalty,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Supreme Court on Tuesday refused to hear an appeal asserting that the death penalty violates the U.S. Constitution’s ban on cruel and unusual punishment filed by a Louisiana man convicted of fatally shooting his pregnant former girlfriend. Two of the eight justices, liberals Stephen Breyer and Ruth Bader Ginsburg, said they would have accepted the case, repeating concerns about the death penalty’s constitutionality they raised in a different case last year. The justices, who have sharply disagreed among themselves over capital punishment, declined to consider the appeal brought by Lamondre Tucker, who was sentenced to death for the 2008 murder of 18-year-old Tavia Sills in Shreveport. Sills, nearly five months pregnant, was shot three times and her body was dumped in a pond. Tucker, who is black, had argued in part that black males had an increased likelihood of being convicted of murder and sentenced to death in Louisiana’s Caddo Parish due to endemic racism. At the time of Tucker’s conviction, a Confederate flag, symbol of the pro-slavery Southern states that lost the U.S. Civil War that ended in 1865, flew outside the county courthouse, his lawyers said in court filings. Breyer wrote that Tucker “may well have received the death penalty not because of the comparative egregiousness of his crime, but because of an arbitrary feature of his case, namely geography.” “One could reasonably believe that if Tucker had committed the same crime just across the Red River in, say, Bossier Parish, he would not now be on death row,” Breyer said. Breyer’s comments echoed similar remarks he made in June 2015 when the court upheld Oklahoma’s lethal injection procedures.  The shorthanded court has steered clear of taking major cases since the February death of Justice Antonin Scalia, but even at full strength may not have accepted this one. There is no indication the court is any closer to taking a case that would challenge the death penalty directly, with the court’s two other liberals, Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan, not joining Breyer’s opinion. Four votes are needed for the justices to hear a case.  The pregnant Sills had told Tucker she believed he was the father. Later testing showed Tucker, 18 at the time of the murder, was not the father. The fetus did not survive. The Supreme Court left in place a September 2015 Louisiana Supreme Court ruling that rejected Tucker’s legal arguments and upheld his conviction and death sentence. In the United States, 31 states have the death penalty and 19 do not. ",1
9342,Pressure rises on Marco Rubio to run for Senate re-election,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on Tuesday joined a chorus of Republican stalwarts publicly urging Marco Rubio to run for a second Senate term in Florida, as the party faces an uphill fight to maintain its control of the Senate. “We’re doing everything to encourage him to run,” McConnell said during an interview on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe” program. Some political strategists and Senate Republican aides see a potentially weak field of Republican candidates for the Florida Senate seat and think Rubio could help Republicans hold their Senate majority if he entered the race. He has until June 24 to decide if he wants to run in the Aug. 30 Republican primary. Josh Holmes, a former McConnell chief of staff, said in a telephone interview that unlike many of the current Republican candidates for the seat, Rubio “still enjoys pretty high favorability and very high name ID ratings in Florida and the ability to raise a lot of money.” Republicans now hold 54 of the chamber’s 100 seats. There are 44 Democrats and two independents who align themselves with the Democrats. McConnell is trying to hold onto his job as Senate majority leader but with 24 Republican seats up for grabs in the Nov. 8 elections and only 10 Democratic seats in play, it will be a difficult bid. Last week, Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker said in a statement that he had “strongly encouraged” Rubio to enter the race. Rubio, a freshman senator elected in 2010, decided to retire from the Senate and instead seek the U.S. presidency. But his effort came to an end in March after he was soundly defeated in the Florida Republican primary by Donald Trump, now the presumptive Republican nominee for the Nov. 8 election. In a CNN “State of the Union” interview that aired on Sunday, Rubio was asked he if would ever seek public office in the future. “I think that’s a safe assumption,” he said, without elaborating. During the interview, Rubio also said he would like to become commissioner of the National Football League. ",1
9343,Supreme Court to hear State Farm case over Hurricane Katrina fraud claim,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday agreed to hear an appeal by State Farm contesting a jury finding that the insurance company defrauded the federal government when assessing damage caused by Hurricane Katrina in 2005 along the Gulf of Mexico coast. The court will review a 2015 ruling by the New Orleans-based 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals upholding the verdict in a suit brought under the federal False Claims Act, which lets people sue over allegations that the government has been defrauded. The court will consider a lawsuit brought by sisters Cori and Kerri Rigsby, former claims adjusters who worked with State Farm after the hurricane. People win a portion of the damages if such a False Claims Act suit is successful. The jury found that the U.S. government had been defrauded of $250,000 over a house that had sustained Katrina-related damage in Biloxi, Mississippi. The Rigsbys said the damage was caused by wind, which would be covered by the owners’ policy with State Farm. But State Farm concluded that the damage was flood-related, which was covered by the federal government’s flood insurance program. The court said State Farm would have to pay $758,000 in damages. The Rigsbys were awarded $227,000 under the False Claims Act. State Farm argued in part that the lawsuit should have been thrown out because the Rigsbys’ former lawyer, Dickie Scruggs, had distributed information about the lawsuit to members of the media. False Claims Act lawsuits are required to be filed under seal and remain private for 60 days. In 2008, Scruggs was convicted of conspiring to bribe a judge in a different case. He was sentenced to five years in prison. The court will hear oral arguments and issue a ruling in the case during its next term, which begins in October and ends in June 2017. ",1
9344,"California governor endorses Clinton, calls Trump dangerous","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - California Governor Jerry Brown on Tuesday endorsed Hillary Clinton for the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination, saying it was the only way to keep Republican Donald Trump out of the White House. “I have decided to cast my vote for Hillary Clinton because I believe this is the only path forward to win the presidency and stop the dangerous candidacy of Donald Trump,” Brown said in a letter to California Democrats and independents posted online. Brown, a popular Democrat who has steered the nation’s most populous state on a centrist path, praised Clinton’s rival, U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, but noted that she had won about 3 million more votes and hundreds more delegates. “In other words, Clinton’s lead is insurmountable and Democrats have shown – by millions of votes – that they want her as their nominee.” California is the biggest prize of the six states that hold presidential nominating contests on June 7, with 475 delegates. Clinton has secured 2,310 delegates, 73 short of the number needed to clinch her party’s nomination for the Nov. 8 election.  As he noted in his letter, Brown himself waged a populist presidential campaign in 1992, losing to then-Arkansas Governor Bill Clinton, with themes similar to many espoused by Sanders, a self-described democratic socialist. Running on the slogan “We the People,” Brown railed against the influence of money in Washington and said politicians were “bought and paid for.” But Brown said Democrats need to stop fighting each other so they can focus on beating Trump, who he said presents a danger to immigrants, the environment and world peace. “The stakes couldn’t be higher. Our country faces an existential threat from climate change and the spread of nuclear weapons. A new Cold War is on the horizon,” Brown wrote.  “Hillary Clinton, with her long experience, especially as secretary of state, has a firm grasp of the issues and will be prepared to lead our country on day one.” ",1
9345,State lawmakers override bill veto to ease Chicago pension payments,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Chicago will be able to spread out state-mandated higher payments to its police and fire pensions after the Illinois Legislature on Monday overrode the governor’s veto of a bill that became entangled in a political impasse. The Senate voted 39-19 and the House voted 72-43 to undo Republican Governor Bruce Rauner’s veto on Friday that the city claimed would lead to a $300 million property tax hike. The bill gives Chicago short-term budget relief but will add to the city’s big pension funding gap.  The override bolsters Democrats, who control the legislature, as they battle with Rauner over state assistance for Chicago and its public school system, which is seeking state money for its teachers’ pensions. The political impasse had left Illinois without a complete budget 11 months into fiscal 2016. Rauner called the bill “terrible policy,” while Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel accused him of using the city as a political pawn. Rauner’s spokeswoman Catherine Kelly released a statement reiterating the governor’s contention that the measure would end up costing Chicago taxpayers $18.6 billion over time. The measure alters a 2010 state law that boosted Chicago’s payments to its public safety workers’ pensions in order to reach a 90 percent funded level by 2040. Under that law, Chicago’s contribution will jump to nearly $834 million this year from $290.4 million in 2015, according to city figures. The new law reduces the payment to $619 million and allows for smaller increases through 2020 than under the 2010 law. It also gives the police and fire funds until 2055 to become 90 percent funded. The police system is 26 percent funded and the fire system 23 percent funded. Chicago’s fiscal 2016 budget assumed the bill’s enactment by lowering the city’s contribution to police and fire pensions by about $220 million. The city council also approved a $543 million phased-in property tax to exclusively cover higher contributions to the two retirement systems. House Speaker Michael Madigan was clearly delighted as he addressed reporters after budget talks with Rauner. “I think it was interesting the governor had nothing to say about the override. I was raised not to cause embarrassment for people so I didn’t raise it,” Madigan said. The city must still deal with underfunding problems for its municipal and laborers’ retirement systems after the Illinois Supreme Court in March tossed out a 2014 law that cut benefits and increased contributions to keep the pension funds from insolvency. ",1
9346,Animal rights activists briefly disrupt Sanders' rally in California,"(Reuters) - At least five animal rights activists on Monday rushed the stage as presidential candidate Bernie Sanders spoke at a rally in Oakland, video posted online showed. The protesters were led away by several Secret Service agents before they were able to reach the Democrat, whose speech was briefly interrupted by the disturbance, a video posted by CNN showed. A Secret Service agent rushed to Sanders’ side, grabbed him and wrapped his arms around the presidential candidate during the ruckus.    “We don’t get intimidated easily,” said Sanders, as he resumed his speech. Animal rights group Direct Action Everywhere claimed responsibility for the protest, saying in a statement that it hoped to persuade Sanders to take a tough stance against factory farms.  “Bernie Sanders claims to support the ‘good’ farms,” activist Rachel Ziegler said in the statement. “But as our repeated investigations have shown, even the ‘good’ farms are horrific.”  The organization posted a video online showing at least five protesters being led away by security personnel after they climbed onto the stage.   Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, is running far behind Hillary Clinton in the race for the Democratic nomination for the Nov. 8 presidential election.  In March, a man stormed the stage as the presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump spoke in Vandalia, Ohio before being held by several agents. ",1
9347,Illinois Democrats poised to defy governor's budget veto threat,"SPRINGFIELD, Ill. (Reuters) - Illinois’ long-running budget stalemate was set to spill into the summer on Monday, as Democratic lawmakers worked to pass a 2017 spending plan that Republican Governor Bruce Rauner has threatened to veto, possibly jeopardizing public schools re-opening in August. As a midnight Tuesday deadline to pass legislation approaches, Rauner and his Democratic rivals who control the state legislature reported no headway toward ending the 11-month long dispute that has left Illinois as the only state without a full operating budget for the current fiscal year. The second-year governor says the budget is $7 billion short on revenues. He has insisted that the budget should be tied to a series of labor-weakening, business-friendly changes that Democrats argue will harm the state’s working class. In recent weeks, legislative working groups convened by Rauner have tried to bridge differences between the governor and top Democrats. Rauner and the Democratic legislative leaders met for less than a half hour on Monday with House Speaker Michael Madigan declaring plans to keep his legislative chamber in session during June, when a tougher three-fifths majority vote is required to pass a budget. “My view is that if there’s no agreement (Tuesday) night, I would ask the governor to keep his working groups functioning on a regular schedule because the House is going to be in continuous session,” Madigan told reporters after the meeting. Senate President John Cullerton signaled his chamber could vote on a budget bill passed by the House last week, or on an alternative plan he declined to outline. He also said he was trying to round up votes for the House budget bill. “[Tuesday] would be a good day to call it,” Cullerton said. Republican legislative leaders slammed Democrats for their refusal to accept pieces of Rauner’s non-budgetary agenda or offer revenue sources to pay for their spending plan. “They’re just forcing a tax increase. That’s what they’re doing,” said Senate Republican Leader Christine Radogno, adding that Democrats plan a post-November election tax hike vote. Contained within the Democratic spending package is a $760 million increase in funding for Illinois’ public-school system for the fiscal year that begins July 1. A complete Rauner veto of the package would mean schools would be left without adequate state funding in August when schools are set to open for the fall, a gambit Cullerton predicted the governor could not risk. ",1
9348,Judge criticized by Trump unseals documents in Trump University case,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A judge, called a “hater” by Donald Trump for his handling of a lawsuit related to the businessman’s Trump University real estate school, has unsealed documents related to the case. Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee for the Nov. 8 election, is fighting a lawsuit that accuses his school venture of misleading thousands of people who paid up to $35,000 for seminars to learn about the billionaire’s real estate investment strategies. In an order signed on Friday, U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel said that materials, including Trump University procedures on dealing with students and the media, should be unsealed.  He noted they had already been published by the media organization Politico and that a magistrate judge described them previously as “routine” and “commonplace.” At a rally in San Diego on Friday, Trump criticized Curiel for his handling of the Trump University case. “I have a judge who is a hater of Donald Trump. A hater. He’s a hater,” Trump said. “We’re in front of a very hostile judge. The judge was appointed by Barack Obama,” Trump said, adding he believed Curiel was Mexican. Curiel is an American who was born in East Chicago, Indiana, and graduated from the Indiana University School of Law. Legal scholars said Trump could face consequences for slamming the judge, although many speculated that Curiel was unlikely to sanction him formally.  “Mr. Trump’s conduct could be subject to sanction for indirect criminal contempt of court,” said Charles Geyh, a legal ethics expert at the Indiana University Maurer School of Law. “He has impugned the honesty of the judge in a pending case, and has done so in the context of a political rally that seems calculated to intimidate by inciting anger among his supporters,” he said. Arthur Hellman, an expert on federal courts and judicial ethics at the University of Pittsburgh School of Law, said the judge was in a difficult position. “He can’t respond directly. He’s not supposed to talk out of court about proceedings before him. Judges have gotten into trouble defending themselves from attacks. The judge’s hands are really tied,” he said. Trump has drawn criticism for his comments about immigrants from Mexico, some of whom he has said were criminals and rapists.  He has proposed building a wall along the U.S. border with Mexico to prevent illegal immigration and requiring Mexico to pay for it. Hispanics are a critical voting bloc in U.S. presidential elections. Last week, Trump knocked one of the highest-profile Hispanic women in the Republican Party, criticizing New Mexico Governor Susana Martinez for her handling of the state’s economy.  Her office said his criticisms were not substantive. Martinez has been touted as a potential vice presidential pick for a Republican ticket. ",1
9349,"Illinois governor blasts House budget, Chicago mayor","SPRINGFIELD, Ill. (Reuters) - Just days before the end of the Illinois legislature’s spring session, the governor said on Sunday he would veto a House-passed budget, which includes school funding, and fired back at an angry Chicago mayor. Lawmakers face a midnight Tuesday deadline to pass a fiscal 2017 budget and adopt a 2016 spending plan that has remained elusive for the past 11 months, leaving Illinois as the only state without a complete budget for the fiscal year ending June 30.  The impasse between the Republican governor and Democrats who control the legislature showed strong signs of extending into fiscal 2017, with Bruce Rauner pushing for pro-business and anti-union reforms and Democrats in the House of Representatives last week passing a spending plan short about $7 billion in revenue.  Adding fuel to the fire was Rauner’s veto on Friday of a bill allowing Chicago to spread out payments to its public safety workers’ retirement systems as the city struggles with a structural budget deficit and other pension woes. Mayor Rahm Emanuel on Sunday chastised the governor’s “callous decision,” saying it would lead to a $300 million city property tax hike at the same time Rauner wants local property taxes capped. Rauner, who needled Emanuel for not coming to the capital, Springfield, to address the city’s pension-driven financial woes, called the bill “terrible policy,” saying it would cost Chicago taxpayers $18.6 billion more over the next 30 years by not fully funding pensions.  “Where is the mayor? He’s not here, He’s not asking for real reforms,” Rauner told reporters outside his office. He also confirmed previous statements from his staff that he would veto the House-passed budget if it was approved by the Senate. He urged lawmakers not to hold schools “hostage,” by sending him a clean bill to fund K-12 public schools. He also asked Democrats to break from longtime House Speaker Michael Madigan. “The speaker is perfectly fine having deficit spending and borrowing. He’s perfectly fine crushing the economy, crushing our taxpayers. He’s been fine with it, and we need his members to say: ‘No, Mr. Speaker, no more,’” Rauner said. Madigan said his members were prepared to be in continuous session through the summer, blaming Rauner for injecting non-budget demands into the process. “We’ll be here (Monday), Tuesday and through the remainder of the summer,” he said. Passing a budget beyond Tuesday’s deadline will require tougher-to-get three-fifth majority votes in each chamber. ",1
9350,"Against a backdrop of motorcycles, Trump pledges to help veterans","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - In a move to bolster support among veterans, Republican Donald Trump joined a leather-jacket-wearing, motorcycle-riding crowd in Washington on Sunday to honor fighters who served in foreign wars and advocate for those still missing in action. Riders from across the country converged on the National Mall near the Lincoln Memorial for the annual “Rolling Thunder” rally and to listen to the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, who hopes to be commander in chief next year. “We’re going to rebuild our military and we’re going to take care of our veterans,” Trump told the crowd of thousands, many of whom wore leather vests, veterans’ hats and biker insignia. Trump, the billionaire businessman who has promised to build a wall along the U.S. border with Mexico if he becomes president, said illegal immigrants in many cases got better care in the United States than military veterans. “We’re not going to allow that to happen any longer,” he said. Trump, 69, who did not serve in the military, upset veterans last year when he said Senator John McCain of Arizona was not a war hero.  McCain, a Navy fighter pilot who went on to become the 2008 Republican presidential nominee, was imprisoned and tortured after being shot down during the Vietnam War. Trump made no mention of McCain during his remarks on Sunday, and the crowd cheered him enthusiastically, with some waving signs including “Bikers for Trump” and “Make America Great Again.” Supporters cheered when Trump mentioned veterans and booed at the mention of Democratic presidential candidates Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders. “I don’t know if he can fix (veterans’ issues), but he’s the only one I think will try,” said Leonard Westberry, 68, of Richmond, Virginia, a U.S. Army veteran who served in Vietnam in 1967. Westberry said he planned to support Trump in the Nov. 8 election. “It’s awesome that Trump is here. ... That’s a good thing,” said Ralph Giannola, 65, who said he had not decided whether to support Trump in November. “I just don’t want to see any rioting. I mean, protests are OK. I don’t want to see anybody get hurt,” he said. There were no protest interruptions during Trump’s nearly 20-minute address on Sunday, a rarity for similar events. “I know one thing, you’re going to all behave yourselves, right?” Trump said to positive affirmations from the crowd. “And I know another thing - there won’t be any paid agitators in this group,” he added to cheers. ",1
9351,"Rubio warms to Trump, but won't be his vice president","WASHINGTON - Former U.S. Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio on Sunday ruled out becoming Donald Trump’s vice presidential running mate, but said he’d be “honored” to play some kind of a role in helping him win the White House. Rubio, who clashed bitterly with Trump in the brutal race for the Republican nomination, said his policy differences with the real estate mogul were too great for Rubio to join the ticket. “I wouldn’t be the right choice for him,” Rubio said in an extensive interview with CNN’s “State of the Union” program. “Donald deserves to have a vice president - he’s earned the nomination - and he deserves to have a running mate that more fully embraces some of the things he stands for.” Rubio, a U.S. senator from Florida, ended his White House bid in March after an embarrassing loss in his home state. Trump, who has practically ensured he will emerge as the nominee from the Republican convention in July, derided Rubio as a lightweight and dubbed him “Little Marco.”  Rubio called the real estate mogul a con artist and quipped about his small hands, a charge that Trump took to mean as questioning the size of his manhood. Rubio and Trump differed sharply on policy issues, with Trump eschewing the interventionist approach favored by Rubio and Rubio criticizing Trump’s call for temporarily banning the entry of Muslims into the United States. Ahead of the July 18-21 Republican convention, Trump has sought to unify the party behind him and gain the backing of other prominent party figures. Rubio said he expected to attend the convention and did not rule out a speaking role. He said he wanted to be helpful to Trump’s presidential run because he wants to see likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton defeated in the Nov. 8 U.S. election. “I don’t want Hillary Clinton to be president. If there’s something I can do to help that from happening and it’s helpful to the cause I’d most certainly be honored to be considered for that,” Rubio said. In another olive branch to Trump, Rubio said he regretted making the “small hands” remark about his former foe. “I actually told Donald at one of the debates. I forget which one - I apologized to him for that,” Rubio said. “I said ‘I’m sorry that I said that.’ It’s not who I am. And I shouldn’t have done it.” ",1
9352,"Bashing Trump not enough for Democrats to win Latino vote, advocates warn","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Latino groups have criticized the Democratic Party for relying too heavily on Republican Donald Trump’s inflammatory comments on illegal immigration to drive Hispanic voters to the polls, calling instead for the party to do more to address Latino concerns, according to meeting notes seen by Reuters. “(W)e cannot rely on Trump as that will set us up for failure,” according to notes summarizing a meeting on May 2 between Democratic Party officials and representatives of several Hispanic advocacy groups. “Our values… need to be uplifted,” they continued. Hispanics make up around 17 percent of the U.S. population, making them a critical voter group in what is expected to be a tight race between Trump and the Democratic nominee.  Democratic operatives have called Trump an ideal spur for getting out the Latino vote because of his hard-line approach to illegal immigration, with some canvassers even using his picture to help encourage Hispanics to register..  The New York billionaire and now presumptive Republican nominee made waves early in his campaign by saying Mexico was sending rapists and drug dealers over the border. He has vowed to make Mexico pay for building a wall to block them and promised to round up and deport the millions of undocumented immigrants now in the United States. By contrast, Democratic contenders for the White House, front-runner Hillary Clinton and rival U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, have both promised to provide undocumented immigrants a path to legal status. The have also promised to nominate Latinos to key posts in their prospective administrations. At least two Hispanics are also considered candidates to be the running mate to the eventual Democratic presidential nominee: Labor Secretary Thomas Perez and Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julian Castro.   “While Latinos appear to be a solid part of the Democratic base right now, that can certainly change,” said Brent Wilkes, the treasurer for the National Hispanic Leadership Agenda and the national executive director of the League of United Latin American Citizens, who was present at the meeting.  In the last election in 2012, Latinos constituted 10 percent of the electorate and voted for President Barack Obama over Republican Mitt Romney by 71 percent to 27 percent, according to an analysis of exit polls by the Pew Hispanic Center. Many Latino advocates also stressed to the Democratic Party that, as members of nonpartisan organizations, their concerns are in addressing issues within their communities, such as education and the economy, rather than backing any one party or candidate. The Democratic delegation at the meeting, which according to the notes included the new Hispanic outreach director, Bridgette Gomez, assured the advocates their Latino outreach strategy was not merely Trump-focused, one participant said.  “Donald Trump’s candidacy fits into a much longer term and more thoughtful approach than just one election cycle,” Democratic National Committee spokesman Pablo Manriquez said on Friday. He added that the party is focused on broader issues such as voting rights and the concerns of Latino families for this election and beyond.    Participants at the meeting also told the party they didn’t see enough Latinos in the pipeline for future leadership positions, including elected office around the country, according to the meeting notes. “It’s not just infrastructure for political participation, but how to get people to run for office, how to teach people to run their own campaigns,” said Maria Teresa Kumar, president of Voto Latino, which had a representative at the meeting. ",1
9353,Cleveland officials to outline security for Republican Convention,"(Reuters) - The mayor and police chief of Cleveland next week will outline what security measures they would take for the Republican National Convention, officials said after a civil rights group and a police union criticized aspects of the preparations.   Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, has drawn intense protests at campaign stops this year. At times the demonstrations have resulted in violence between his supporters and opponents. Officials in Cleveland are gearing up for the thousands of demonstrators expected outside the convention, scheduled from July 18 to 21. The event will culminate with the party anointing the billionaire real estate developer as its nominee for the November general election. Cleveland Mayor Frank Jackson will join the police chief and other city officials on Tuesday to present a “comprehensive overview of security preparations” for the convention, the mayor said in a statement. “Despite rumors, the Division of Police is prepared and is on track with its planning goals,” the statement said. The announcement comes after the American Civil Liberties Union on May 19 accused the city of taking too long to issue permits to protesters planning demonstrations at the convention.  The city has since said it will allow application for permits starting on Tuesday, the same day officials will outline security plans. The Cleveland Police Patrolmen’s Association also has objected to certain parts of the city’s plan. The union filed a grievance over an order prohibiting officers from taking vacations for several days before and after the convention. That prompted an arbitrator to order the city to pay overtime to officers who would lose out on vacation time, according to a copy of the ruling posted at news website Cleveland.com. Cleveland officials are marshalling a force of about 5,000 officers, including police from other law enforcement agencies, to provide security for the convention, City Council members have said. Council members earlier this month raised questions about the lack of transparency in Cleveland’s plans for the convention. But Police Chief Calvin Williams has said the city must withhold certain information to stymie anyone seeking to disrupt the convention. He has declined to say how many officers will be assigned to the event. Protests against Trump dogged his appearance on Friday in San Diego, where more than 1,000 demonstrators turned up and 35 were arrested, and on Tuesday night in Albuquerque, New Mexico, where protesters threw rocks and bottles at police.  ",1
9354,"Trump's San Diego rally draws more than 1,000 chanting protesters","SAN DIEGO (Reuters) - Donald Trump brought his message of walls and deportations to the doorstep of America’s busiest border crossing on Friday as the presumptive Republican presidential nominee greeted supporters in San Diego, amid one of the largest counter-protests organized against him. The scene inside the San Diego Convention Center during Trump’s speech was relatively placid, while outside demonstrators opposed to his controversy-ridden White House bid marched and chanted, carrying signs criticizing his rhetoric against illegal immigration.  Waving U.S. and Mexican flags, more than 1,000 people turned out for anti-trump rallies in San Diego, a city on the U.S.-Mexico border whose San Ysidro port of entry sees nearly 300,000 people a day cross legally between the countries. San Diego is considered a binational city by many who live and work on opposite sides of the border, and about a third of the city’s population is Latino. During Trump’s speech on Friday, some protesters outside the convention center scaled a barrier and lobbed water bottles at police. One man was pulled off the wall and arrested as others were surrounded by fellow protesters and backed away from the confrontation.  After the convention center emptied, clusters of Trump supporters and anti-Trump demonstrators began to mix in the streets, many exchanging shouted epithets and some throwing water bottles at one another.  Police in riot gear declared the gathering an unlawful assembly and ordered the crowd to disperse, herding the crowd out of the city’s hotel and restaurant-filled Gaslamp Quarter. San Diego police said on Twitter that 35 arrests were made during the protest. No property damage or injuries were reported, police said.  “Fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally,” Trump tweeted to police afterwards.  Trump has weathered months of blowback from all ends of the political spectrum for his immigration policy, which calls for the building of a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border and deporting the nearly 11 million undocumented immigrants who reside in the United States. Critics have said his plan is needlessly cruel and impossible to implement. At Trump’s campaign stops, attendees often chant “build the wall.” While Trump is running unopposed in the June 7 California Republican primary, his stance on border control and deportation seems unlikely to resonate with the electorate at large in a state where political fallout from a Republican-backed crackdown on illegal immigrants 20 years ago cost the party dearly.     Friday was not the first time Trump has been greeted by civil unrest in California, which is home to the largest Latino population in the country. Late last month, a visit to the California Republican convention set off days of protests in the area, leading to several arrests.  Shortly before taking the stage in San Diego, Trump issued a statement ruling out a one-on-one debate with second-place Democratic hopeful Bernie Sanders, who was also in California, killing off a potentially high-ratings television spectacle. The suggested debate, an idea first raised during a talk show appearance by the New York billionaire, would have sidelined likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton but given Sanders a huge platform ahead of California Democratic primary.     A day after saying he would welcome a Sanders debate, Trump called the idea “inappropriate,” declaring that he should only face the Democrats’ final choice. “I will wait to debate the first-place finisher in the Democratic Party, probably Crooked Hillary Clinton,” Trump said in a statement. Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, expressed disappointment on Friday, and sought to goad Trump into reconsidering. “Well, Mr. Trump, what are you afraid of?” he said in a video clip posted on ABC News’ Twitter account. Trump suggested broadcast networks were unwilling to go along with his demand that at least $10 million raised from the encounter be donated to charity. “I’d love to debate Bernie,” he told a rally in Fresno, California. “But the networks want to keep the money for themselves.”     Sanders is trailing Clinton in the race to secure their party’s nomination, but opinion polls show he is slicing into her lead in California. Clinton has shown no interest in debating Sanders before the California primary, which will be part of a final slate of nominating contests. It is possible she will clinch the nomination by winning New Jersey earlier that day, making the outcome in California superfluous.  The former U.S. secretary of state has said she is looking forward to debating Trump later this year ahead of the Nov. 8 general election. Clinton leads Trump by 4 percentage points in the most recent Reuters/Ipsos poll. Democrats nationally remain evenly split between Clinton and Sanders.     ",1
9355,U.S. deportation raids target Central American families: lawyers,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. immigration officials have kicked off a new round of raids intended to deport hundreds of Central American mothers and children who have entered the country illegally, according to a legal group that works with the immigrants. Immigration enforcement officers as of Friday had arrested about 40 women and children encompassing at least 18 Central American family groups in Texas, North Carolina, South Dakota and possibly other states, said Laura Lichter, an immigration lawyer and a former president of the American Immigration Lawyers Association. Reuters reported on May 12 that the raids were planned for May and June and likely would be the largest deportation sweep targeting immigrant families by the administration of President Barack Obama this year after similar raids in which 121 people were arrested over two days in January. U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) spokeswoman Jennifer Elzea declined to confirm that the new round of raids had begun but defended the administration’s deportation operations as a whole. “We stress that these operations are limited to those who were apprehended at the border after January 1, 2014, have been ordered removed by an immigration court, and have no pending appeal or pending claim for asylum,” Elzea said. The immigrants arrested in the latest raids have been sent to two ICE detention centers in Texas, according to Belle Woods, a spokeswoman for the American Immigration Lawyers Association. The deportation operations are intended to deter illegal immigration from El Salvador, Honduras and Guatemala and curb crossings of the U.S.-Mexican border by Central Americans, U.S. officials have said. Lichter said ICE was not following its own policy in the raids. “It’s the same thing we saw in January. These people deserve asylum, but didn’t get a proper chance to have their cases heard,” Lichter said. The issue of illegal immigration has figured prominently in the U.S. presidential campaign, with presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump promising to deport all roughly 11 million people who are in the United States illegally. The White House on May 13 defended its deportation policy after complaints from Democratic presidential candidates Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders and congressional leaders that the sweep targeting Central American illegal immigrants is inhumane. “I’m against large-scale raids that tear families apart and sow fear in communities,” Clinton said at the time. ",1
9356,Bathroom lawsuit could send transgender rights to Supreme Court,"(Reuters) - A lawsuit brought by Texas and other states against the Obama administration’s policy on bathroom access may move the United States closer to a resolution on transgender rights by putting the issue on a trajectory for the Supreme Court. Conservative officials from 11 states sued the federal government on Wednesday to overturn a directive that transgender students be allowed to use the bathroom matching their gender identity instead of being forced to use one corresponding to gender assigned at birth. The governor of a 12th state, Mississippi, said he planned to join the lawsuit. The country’s high court has never ruled on a main question of the lawsuit: Do federal legal protections against sex discrimination apply to transgender people? The plaintiffs picked a path that could get them two quick wins in lower courts. The lawsuit is expected to be heard first by an appointee of Republican President George W. Bush and if there is an appeal by a conservative federal appeals court covering Texas. If that appeals court ruled against the Obama administration, the Supreme Court may feel compelled to take up the matter because of a likely conflict with a ruling last month from a federal appeals court in Virginia. That ruling revived a transgender teen’s lawsuit against his school district.  The Supreme Court is more likely to agree to hear a case when there is a split among different federal appeals courts, and such a conflict does not yet exist on transgender rights.  The plaintiffs have accused the administration of President Barack Obama of overreaching its authority and said the U.S. Congress, or individual states, should set policy.  At least two provisions of federal law ban discrimination on the basis of sex: Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which covers employment, and Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972.  When lawmakers passed the education amendments, they did not consider that the law could one day be applied to gender identity, said Jeremy Tedesco, senior counsel at the Alliance Defending Freedom, a conservative Christian legal group. “The (administration’s) lawless interpretation ignores the will of Congress in enacting Title IX,” Tedesco said. “It’s a clear case of federal overreach.” The Obama administration has argued that the education amendments encompass discrimination based on gender identity, including transgender status. It said in a letter to school districts this month that their access to federal money depended on their compliance. The states that sued have two paths to victory, Tedesco said: a ruling that the Obama administration did not follow proper procedure for making new regulations, which would leave the larger issue unsettled, or that its interpretation of Title IX is inconsistent with the law. Without clear guidance from the courts, the question of transgender rights would remain open to interpretation by federal agencies, meaning a future president could take the opposite view of Obama. The Republican-controlled Congress has the power to end the dispute immediately, either in favor of transgender rights or against them, but it has shown few signs of acting, especially with a Democrat, Obama, in the White House. A series of decisions suggests courts are coming around to a more expansive definition of sex discrimination, said Jennifer Levi, director of the Transgender Rights Project at GLBTQ Legal Advocates & Defenders. Federal agencies clearly have the authority to interpret civil rights law when its application is unclear, she said. “To characterize (the administration’s position) as extraordinary or overreaching shows a complete misunderstanding of what these agencies do,” Levi said. The states countered in their lawsuit that the federal agencies went beyond mere interpretation of civil rights law and in effect created new regulations that should have gone through a notice-and-comment procedure. A court could also find that the states’ lawsuit was premature because the Obama administration has not yet moved to cut off funding to any state or school district, said Arthur Leonard, a professor at New York Law School and an expert on LGBT law. ",1
9357,Sanders disappointed after Trump pulls out of debate,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders expressed disappointment on Friday after Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said he would not debate Sanders ahead of California’s June 7 primary. “I heard that he was going to debate me, then I heard that he was not going to debate me, then I heard that he was going to debate me. Now you’re telling me that he is not going to debate me. Well, you know, I hope that he changes his mind again,” Sanders said in a video clip posted on an ABC News Twitter account. ",1
9358,Senators want Obama to impose sanctions on Congo,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. senators called on President Barack Obama’s administration on Friday to impose targeted sanctions on officials in the Democratic Republic of Congo responsible for violence and rights violations amid rising political tensions. Hoping to increase pressure on the government of President Joseph Kabila, three of Obama’s fellow Democrats, senators Richard Durbin, Edward Markey and Christopher Murphy, said on Friday they had introduced a Senate resolution this week calling on Kabila’s government to fulfill its constitutional mandate for a democratic transition of power late this year. They called for targeted sanctions, including visa bans and asset freezes, until Kabila publicly commits to a peaceful transition of power. Their action reflected growing international worry over the situation in the African nation. United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on Wednesday voiced concern about reports of rising political tension due to uncertainty about the presidential election.  Dozens of Kabila critics have been arrested since last year as part of what the United Nations and rights groups say is an escalating crackdown on political dissent ahead of a presidential election scheduled for November. Kabila is ineligible to stand for re-election after serving two elected terms, but opponents accuse him of trying to delay the poll to hold onto power. Congo’s highest court ruled last week that the president could stay in power if elections did not occur by the end of his mandate. On Thursday, a protester and a police officer were killed in Goma, in the eastern part of the country, during protests against a possible elections delay. The United Nations said dozens of people were arrested. Opposition leaders accuse Kabila of stalling the vote in order to extend his 15-year rule, which the president denies. Democratic congressional aides said they expected to add more co-sponsors for the resolution after Congress returns from its Memorial Day recess on June 6. There is bipartisan support for U.S. action to address the situation.  Republican Senator Jeff Flake, the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee’s Africa subcommittee, told Reuters in a brief interview this week that he felt sanctions would be appropriate and had discussed them with U.S. State Department officials. “Hopefully we’re together on this,” Flake said. “I think we will be. We just want to make sure that whatever we do, pushes in the right direction.” ",1
9359,N.J. Governor Christie signs Atlantic City rescue package into law,"(Reuters) - New Jersey Governor Chris Christie on Friday signed into law a package of legislation that provides distressed gambling hub Atlantic City with immediate cash help but also a potential state takeover if the city cannot fix its finances. The bills will help reform the city’s “overblown municipal government” while protecting state and local taxpayers, Christie said in a statement while continuing to take shots at local officials. “We all agree that Atlantic City’s government has not demonstrated the competence to properly manage the people’s money without state guidance and oversight,” he said.  The legislation “embraces my demand that Atlantic City immediately account for every dollar it receives and spends, and triggers a series of strict conditions and rigorous requirements the city must meet immediately,” Christie said. Atlantic City Mayor Don Guardian did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Earlier on Friday, Guardian marked the opening of summer beach season for the seaside resort city. The bills provide a $60 million, six-month bridge loan from the state to the city and establish $120 million of payments annually from casinos in lieu of property taxes, a move aimed at stabilizing the city’s volatile, eroded tax base. In return, the city must prepare a balanced budget for fiscal 2017, which begins Jan. 1, and a five-year recovery plan. If it falls short, the state can move to take over operations and throw out collective bargaining agreements, among other powers. The package could prove positive for the city’s credit rating, which is deep in junk territory at Caa3, because it provides much-needed financial relief and removes the immediate threat of default or bankruptcy, Moody’s Investors Service said after the governor announced his signature. But a bond restructuring, which Guardian has said the city will likely pursue, would be considered a default if it includes bondholder impairment, Moody’s said. The city has about $240 million of bond debt outstanding. ",1
9360,"Trump tower in Canada close to sale, future of name in question","TORONTO (Reuters) - Toronto’s Trump tower is close to being sold, a lawyer for its owner said on Friday, adding that the buyer could choose to drop the name, which has become more controversial since billionaire Donald Trump became the presumptive U.S. Republican presidential nominee. The Trump organization disagreed, saying the building must continue to carry the name. Symon Zucker, who represents Talon International Development Inc, said the 65-story hotel and condominium tower in the city’s financial district has found a potential buyer and the sale will conclude “hopefully shortly.” The building is operated for Talon by the Trump Hotel Collection, presided over by Trump and his children.  Zucker said the current contract with Trump Hotel is “exclusive with Talon” and that “the new owner can if he wishes retain a different manager and change the name of the hotel.” Zucker declined to comment on the potential new owner’s intentions or the specifics of the deal. Trump Organization general counsel Alan Garten disagreed, saying the agreement is valid for “another 16 years” and calling Zucker’s view “100 percent false.” “The management’s agreement between Trump and the condos would remain in full force and effect,” he said in an email. “We are not going anywhere.”  Garten said if the new owner wants to change the name of the tower, the Trump Organization would take “swift and appropriate action to prevent it and hold them liable for damages.” Talon Chairman Alex Shnaider has been trying to change the building’s name through arbitration, though the sale is unrelated to that effort, said Zucker, who called the sale a routine business decision. “Alex is moving on to other deals,” he said. “This is just one more thing he’s bought that he’s going to sell.” Zucker said the deal was done through the real estate firm CBRE, which declined to comment.  The luxury building has had problems, and the intersection around it has been closed several times due to falling or unstable glass. The tower is also the subject of a Canadian lawsuit against Trump and associates by disgruntled investors who say they were misled in their deals.  A judge ruled against the investors, and a Toronto court is scheduled to hear their appeal in June. Zucker called their case “frivolous.” ",1
9361,Illinois budget talks fizzle amid partisan entrenchment,"SPRINGFIELD, Ill. (Reuters) - Bipartisan talks to reach a fiscal 2017 budget for Illinois ahead of a Tuesday deadline have derailed as the state’s Republican governor and top Democrat refused to budge from their demands. The two sides have been at an impasse since last year, leaving Illinois as the only state without a complete budget for the fiscal year that ends on June 30. Bipartisan, rank-and-file working groups pushed by Governor Bruce Rauner have been meeting, with sporadic reports that progress was being made on a budget for the new fiscal year. But following a short meeting on Friday with the governor, legislative leaders made it clear that common ground has not been reached. Senate Republican Leader Christine Radogno accused Democrats of pulling the plug on negotiations. “They want to push the balanced budget issue reforms off into the fall, after the election,” she told reporters. “It’s clear their priority is political and not for the good of the state.” House Speaker Michael Madigan defended the budget passed by Democrats in his chamber this week, saying he is not willing to hold residents “hostage” while the governor expands his demands for pro-business and anti-union reforms. “There will be a complaint the state does not have sufficient money to pay for that budget,” Madigan said. “And I’ve said for the last year and a half, I’m prepared to negotiate with the governor to find the money to pay for those services.” House Republicans blasted the $14.1 billion general funds budget passed on Wednesday and again on Thursday by Democrats as being $7.2 billion short on revenue because the spending plan does not include big costs like pensions and debt payments. Madigan, who has advocated a so-called millionaires’ tax, said his first revenue choice would be taxing the wealthy through exclusions and deductions in the Illinois income tax code, including the earned income tax credit. Rauner contended negotiations were continuing. But he warned that the fifth-largest U.S. state must stop spending money it does not have.  “We’ll never have balanced budgets if we don’t grow our economy and we need reforms to grow our economy, get more jobs and higher family incomes,” he said.  House Republicans pleaded with Democrats during Friday’s session to break with Madigan and continue to work with them. “My request is that you don’t give up,” said House Republican Jim Durkin, who added that a deal was close. ",1
9362,Trump's pro-oil agenda poses dilemma for North Dakota's Indians,"TRENTON, N.D. (Reuters) - When Donald Trump laid out his plan this week to roll back U.S. environmental regulations to boost the ailing energy industry, it raised both the hopes and fears of the American Indians living near the heart of the country’s richest oil fields. The Republican presidential contender’s agenda, laid out at an oil industry conference on Thursday in North Dakota, could bring desperately needed jobs to depressed communities that have come to depend on the oil drilling industry, but could also trigger worse pollution of Indian lands.  “We would like to see more drilling,” said Gene McCowan, human resources director for the Trenton Indian Service Area, which governs the six counties in North Dakota and Montana where 2,600 Turtle Mountain Chippewa live.  “But we are caught in a bind because people are concerned about fracking and how that will affect the earth and water,” he said. The dilemma facing North Dakota’s American Indians represents the broader tensions at play in the U.S. presidential election between jobs and the environment, as Trump and his likely Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton, clash over energy and climate change.  Trump on Thursday announced to a cheering crowd of roughly 7,700 people that he would sweep away initiatives by President Barack Obama to curb U.S. emissions and protect waterways from pollution, as ways to revive drilling and coal mining sectors that are in the middle of a steep downturn.  Clinton and her rival for the Democratic nomination, U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, meanwhile, have advocated a sharp move away from fossil fuels toward cleaner energy sources to cut pollution and slow climate change. The split is felt sharply by the Chippewa, people who have been hard hit by both the global oil market crash since 2014, as well as the environmental impacts of the preceding drilling boom that spread drillpads and pipelines across the landscape. “Twenty percent of our people have been laid off or seen cuts in salaries and it’s going to get worse,” McCowan said, adding that he will likely support Trump as the best hope of reversing the crisis. Trenton is 14 miles southwest of oil boom town Williston. Until a year or so ago, locals were making $25-$30 an hour. Now, McCowan said, the number of people needing food stamps has risen 40 percent. Residents said Democratic candidate Sanders has the most to say about income inequality and Native Americans issues, but is also most likely to curb fossil fuel development, depriving people of what they see as their economic lifeline.  Trump could be a hard pill to swallow for other reasons, other Native Americans in North Dakota said. Ahead of his speech on Thursday, Nicole Robertson, a 41-year-old Cree Indian and communications strategist for the Mandan, Hidatsa and Arikara nations - known as the Three Affiliated Tribes - tried to ask Trump if he would recognize tribal sovereignty when it comes to land where oil is produced. Trump said he would have to look into it.  She later interrupted Trump when he launched an attack on Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, repeatedly calling her “Pocahantas” - a reference to her claim she is part Native American. Robertson shouted out that his comments were “very offensive,” interrupting his news conference. She said afterward that she felt it was important that Native Americans be consulted on oil policy, both because of its economic importance and its environmental impacts. “A lot of opportunities have come with the boom in the Bakken region in North Dakota,” she said. “But we as indigenous people are original land stewards. It’s in our genes.” She did not say who she would vote for in the election.  American Indians make up around 5 percent of North Dakota’s population. Kenneth Hall, a tribal councilman for the Three Affiliated Tribes, said he was also rankled by Trump’s speech - even though it promised a much-needed economic revival. “We weren’t even mentioned by Mr. Trump ... and nearly a quarter of oil production in the state comes out of our reservation lands,” he said. He said the tribes requested a meeting with Trump ahead of his energy speech but that Trump’s team did not respond. ",1
9363,"Trump, Sanders explore staging unusual presidential debate","BISMARCK, N.D. (Reuters) - Republican Donald Trump and Democrat Bernie Sanders on Thursday explored staging an unconventional U.S. presidential debate  that would sideline Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton and create a television spectacle that could attract huge ratings. The two men - a billionaire and a democratic socialist - expressed interest in a one-on-one encounter in California even though Republican and Democratic presidential candidates traditionally do not debate each other until the parties have selected their nominees. “I’d love to debate Bernie,” Trump told reporters in North Dakota, after he secured enough delegates to clinch the Republican presidential nomination. “I think it would get very high ratings. It would be in a big arena.” Basking in his newly sealed nomination at a later campaign rally in Billings, Montana, Trump said he expected to put 15 states in play in the general election, compared with three or four for a traditional Republican. He named California, Washington and Michigan among others.  Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks said in an email there were no formal plans yet for a debate. But Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver told CNN there had been “a few discussions” between the campaigns about the details.         “We hope that he will not chicken out,” Weaver said. “We hope Donald Trump has the courage to get on stage now that he said he would.”     Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, is running far behind Clinton in the race for the Democratic nomination for the Nov. 8 presidential election.  But a nationally televised debate with the presumptive Republican nominee would be a big boost to his chances in the California primary on June 7, when Clinton is likely to clinch the nomination.         Trump said a debate with Sanders could raise up to $15 million for charity. “I’d love to debate Bernie, but they’ll have to pay a lot of money for it,” he said. The idea was hatched during an appearance by Trump on ABC’s “Jimmy Kimmel Live” late on Wednesday. Kimmel said he asked Trump about the debate at the suggestion of Sanders. “Game on,” Sanders tweeted. “I look forward to debating Donald Trump in California before the June 7 primary.” Sanders himself appeared on Thursday night on the talk show, where he said Kimmel made it possible for a “very interesting debate” between “two guys who look at the world very, very differently.” Sanders added that the goal would be to have the debate in a stadium in California. He then had a warning for Trump.  If I become the Democratic presidential nomination, he said, “we’re going to beat him and beat him bad.” Clinton, who backed out of an agreement to debate Sanders before the California vote, said she did not think a Trump-Sanders showdown would happen. “This doesn’t sound like a serious discussion. I’m looking forward to debating Donald Trump in the general election. I really can’t wait to get on the stage with him,” she told CNN in a phone interview. A Fox News spokeswoman confirmed the network was trying to host a forum with Trump and Sanders. Representatives from other networks did not immediately respond to requests for comment. “If it does come to pass, it would generate enormous ratings,” said Alan Schroeder, a Northeastern University professor who has written extensively about presidential debates. “They are from two different planets. You have a real personality contrast. It would dominate media coverage.” Sanders, who has promised to continue his campaign through the Democratic nominating convention in July, has said he will do everything he can to ensure that Trump does not win the White House.         “Smart and bold move by Sanders,” Democratic strategist Brad Bannon said. “The Clinton people are furious but Bernie wins points for being so aggressive.” Clinton has tried to woo Sanders supporters as she turns her attention to the general election. But some Democrats worry his supporters - who are largely young, working-class and disillusioned with the Democratic Party establishment - will turn instead to political neophyte Trump, who has championed a populist agenda.     The debate would give Trump a national forum to criticize Clinton and try to win over Sanders supporters ahead of an expected Trump-Clinton general election contest, Democratic strategist Chris Kofinis said. “I think Sanders should think long and hard about giving Trump a forum,” Kofinis said. “It crosses a line, but apparently in this election there is no line.”           Dale Ranney, 62, a Trump volunteer who has been to 21 of his rallies, said she would be delighted to see Trump and Sanders debate. “I think it’s a great idea, any time you can get more information to the people, absolutely,” Ranney said. “Having Trump debate a socialist? Absolutely. Go for it.”    ",1
9364,Trump vows to undo Obama's climate agenda in appeal to oil sector,"BISMARCK, N.D. (Reuters) - Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, promised on Thursday to roll back some of America’s most ambitious environmental policies, actions that he said would revive the ailing U.S. oil and coal industries and bolster national security. Among the proposals, Trump said he would pull the United States out of the U.N. global climate accord, approve the Keystone XL oil pipeline from Canada and rescind measures by President Barack Obama to cut U.S. emissions and protect waterways from industrial pollution. “Any regulation that’s outdated, unnecessary, bad for workers or contrary to the national interest will be scrapped and scrapped completely,” Trump told about 7,700 people at the Williston Basin Petroleum Conference in Bismarck, the capital of oil-rich North Dakota. “We’re going to do all this while taking proper regard for rational environmental concerns.”   It was Trump’s first speech detailing the energy policies he would advance if elected president. He received loud applause from the crowd of oil executives. The comments painted a stark contrast between the New York billionaire and his Democratic rivals for the White House, Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, who advocate a sharp turn away from fossil fuels and toward renewable energy technologies to combat climate change. Trump slammed both rivals in his speech, saying their policies would kill jobs and force the United States “to be begging for oil again” from Middle East producers.  “It’s not going to happen. Not with me,” he said. Trump’s comments drew quick criticism from environmental advocates, who called his proposals “frightening.” “Trump’s energy policies would accelerate climate change, protect corporate polluters who profit from poisoning our air and water, and block the transition to clean energy that is necessary to strengthen our economy and protect our climate and health,” said Tom Steyer, a billionaire environmental activist. But industry executives cheered the stance. “It’s simple. If Trump wins, oil field workers will be happy. If Clinton wins, oil workers will be unhappy,” said Derrick Alexander, an operations manager at oilfield services firm Integrated Productions Services. Trump hit Clinton hard in his speech, saying the former secretary of state would be more aggressive than Obama on regulations. He repeated several times Clinton’s March comments that her policies would put coal miners out of work. “Hillary Clinton’s agenda is job destruction,” Trump said. Trump said slashing regulation would help the United States achieve energy independence and reduce America’s reliance on Middle Eastern producers. “Imagine a world in which oil cartels will no longer use energy as a weapon,” he said. The United States currently produces about 55 percent of the oil it uses, with another quarter of the total coming from Canada and Mexico, and less than 20 percent coming from OPEC, according to U.S. Energy Department statistics. Trump’s advisers, including U.S. Representative Kevin Cramer of North Dakota, have said they suggested Trump examine the role of OPEC in the global oil price slump since 2014, which has contributed to the demise of a handful of smaller U.S. oil companies. Saudi Arabia and other OPEC members have declined to cut production to support prices.          Until Thursday, Trump had been short on details of his energy policy. He has said he believes global warming is a hoax, that his administration would revive the U.S. coal industry, and that he supports hydraulic fracturing - an environmentally controversial drilling technique that has triggered a boom in U.S. production. Earlier this month, he told Reuters in an interview that he would renegotiate “at a minimum” the U.N. global climate accord agreed by 195 countries in Paris last December, saying he viewed the deal as bad for U.S. business. He took that a step further in North Dakota. “We’re going to cancel the Paris climate agreement,” he said. Trump also promised he would invite Canadian pipeline company TransCanada (TRP.TO) to reapply to build the Keystone XL pipeline into the United States, reversing a decision by Obama to block the project over environmental concerns. “I want it built, but I want a piece of the profits,” Trump said. “That’s how we’re going to make our country rich again.” Trump’s pledge briefly sent TransCanada’s shares 29 Canadian cents higher to C$54.13 on the Toronto Stock Exchange, but the stock quickly leveled back off and close up 2 Canadian cents at C$53.86. In response to Trump’s promise that he would seek more profits from the pipeline, TransCanada spokesman James Millar noted the project would create jobs, offer major contracts to U.S. suppliers and provide tens of millions in taxes for state coffers.  “The pipeline will benefit American workers longer term as the companies they work for have signed contracts to ship and refine oil through Keystone XL,” Millar said in an email. ",1
9365,Clinton says she understands U.S. voter concerns about emails report,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said on Thursday she was confident voters would make the “right decision” despite concerns over findings by an internal government watchdog that her use of a private email server while secretary of state broke government rules. “I know people have concerns about this, I understand that,” Clinton said in an interview broadcast on MSNBC, referring to the findings by the State Department inspector general in a report made public on Wednesday. The email controversy and a probe by the Federal Bureau of Investigation into whether laws were broken as a result of Clinton’s use of a server kept in her New York home have overshadowed the Democratic front-runner’s campaign. The report concluded that Clinton would not have been allowed to use the server in her home had she asked the department officials in charge of information security. Clinton said voters would look at the full picture of what she had to offer and the “full threat” that Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee, posed to the country. “And I have confidence that they are going to be making the right decision.” Asked whether an FBI interview with her has been scheduled, she said: “No, it’s not, but I have offered since last August and I am looking forward to see this matter wrapped up.” She said it was “up to them” whether to conduct the interview before the fall campaign for the Nov. 8 presidential election. Reiterating that the email arrangement was a mistake, Clinton said: “I think the report has been consistent with what I have been saying, that the use of personal email was a practice by other secretaries of state and the rules were not clarified until after I had left.” ",1
9366,Push to expand FBI surveillance authority threatens U.S. email privacy bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An effort in the U.S. Senate to expand the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s authority to use a secretive surveillance order has delayed a vote on a popular email privacy bill, casting further doubt on whether the legislation will become law this year. The Senate Judiciary Committee on Thursday postponed consideration of a measure that would require government authorities to obtain a search warrant before asking technology companies, such as Microsoft  and Alphabet Inc’s Google , to hand over old emails. A version of the Senate bill unanimously passed the House last month. Currently, federal agencies do not need a warrant to access emails or other digital communications more than 180 days old due to a provision in a 1986 law that considers them abandoned by the owner.  But Republican party senators offered amendments Thursday that privacy advocates argued contravened the purpose of the underlying bill and would likely sink its chances of becoming law. Those amendments include one by Senator John Cornyn, the second ranking Republican in the Senate, that would broaden the FBI’s authority to deploy an administrative subpoena known as a National Security Letter to include electronic communications transaction records such as the times tamps of emails and their senders and recipients. Senators Patrick Leahy and Mike Lee, the Democratic and Republican authors of the email privacy bill, agreed to postpone the vote to give time to lawmakers to review the amendments and other provisions of the bill that have prompted disagreement.  NSLs do not require a warrant and are almost always accompanied by a gag order preventing the service provider from sharing the request with a targeted user.  The letters have existed since the 1970s, though the scope and frequency of their use expanded greatly after the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks on the United States.  In 2015 requests for customer records via NSLs increased nearly 50 percent to 48,642 requests, up from 33,024 in 2014, according to a U.S. government transparency report. The Obama administration has for years lobbied for a change to how NSLs can be used, after a 2008 legal memo from the Justice Department said the law limits them largely to phone billing records. FBI Director James Comey has said the change needed essentially corrects a typo. The Senate Intelligence Committee this week passed a bill to fund the U.S. intelligence community that contains a similar provision that would allow NSLs to be used to gather email records.  Senator Ron Wyden, an Oregon Democrat, voted against the proposal and said it “takes a hatchet to important protections for Americans’ liberty.” ",1
9367,Vietnam restricted access to Facebook during Obama visit: activists,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The Vietnamese government restricted access to Facebook Inc inside Vietnam for several days this week as part of a broader crackdown on human rights and political dissidents during a visit by President Barack Obama, two activist organizations said on Thursday.  Officials of Access Now, a digital rights organization, and Viet Tan, a Vietnamese pro-democracy group, said the social media site was restricted and at times blocked inside Vietnam from Sunday to Wednesday, citing reports from people inside the country on Twitter and to Access Now’s digital security help service.  The move coincides with a trend toward restrictions on Facebook in countries including China, Uganda and Turkey during politically sensitive times as the 1.6 billion-person social network grows more powerful.  Obama’s three-day visit to Vietnam ended on Wednesday. Obama largely focused on normalizing relations with Vietnam. But he also promoted human rights and chided Vietnam about restrictions on political freedoms after critics of its communist-run government were prevented from meeting him. The Facebook shutdown was part of a stepped-up campaign by the Vietnamese government to limit use of the social network for political protests, activists said in phone interviews.  Facebook was blocked several times earlier this month as street protests erupted over an environmental disaster that resulted in mass fish deaths, the two groups said. The social media site was also unavailable inside Vietnam ahead of parliamentary elections on Sunday as pro-democracy activists called for a boycott, members of the two groups said. Facebook declined to comment. Vietnamese government officials did not immediately respond to a request for comment submitted via a government website.  Uganda’s government blocked Facebook and Twitter Inc in February during presidential elections. In March, after a deadly bombing in Turkey, an Ankara court ordered a ban on access to Facebook and Twitter. And during the 2011 Arab Spring in Egypt, Tunisia and Libya, social networks were repeatedly shut down.  Facebook is often shut down in Vietnam during politically sensitive times, Angelina Huynh, advocacy director for Viet Tan, which has members around the world, including in Vietnam, said in a phone interview.  “People were using Facebook to call for protests. They did not want people to take to the streets,” Huynh said.  ",1
9368,California mayors ask for governor's support for highway cameras after shootings,"(Reuters) - Five mayors in northern California on Thursday asked Governor Jerry Brown in a letter to have surveillance cameras installed on state highways in the area after a string of shootings that have gripped their communities.   The request came two days after a man was shot in the leg while traveling eastbound on I-80 in Hercules, California, the 28th such shooting on the state highway system east of San Francisco during the last six months, authorities said.   “This is of increasing concern to our elected officials and residents who feel as if our communities are under siege,” said the letter signed by the mayors of Pinole, Richmond and Hercules. The mayors of San Pablo and El Cerrito also signed the letter.  Since November 2015, four people have been killed and 12 wounded in shootings that authorities believe are largely gang related, the California Highway Patrol said in a statement. Local and state law enforcement agencies began targeting known gang members and increased patrols since the shootings began along the freeways, the patrol said.         The mayors asked Brown to support funding for the installation of surveillance cameras with recording capabilities on area freeway ramps and upgrades to current traffic cameras so they would be able to capture and retain images that could be used during investigations.  The mayors wrote the situation is a “grave and growing risk”  in their communities where freeways have become a “battleground.” Officials in Brown’s office were not immediately available for comment. San Pablo Mayor Rich Kinney said in an email to Reuters that the mayors, state transportation officials and governor staff are scheduled to meet to discuss the letter on June 6.  The California Highway Patrol said five suspects have been arrested in connection with the string of shootings, some of whom may have been involved in more than one incident. ",1
9369,Push for encryption law falters despite Apple case spotlight,"WASHINGTON/ SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - After a rampage that left 14 people dead in San Bernardino, key U.S. lawmakers pledged to seek a law requiring technology companies to give law enforcement agencies a “back door” to encrypted communications and electronic devices, such as the iPhone used by one of the shooters. Now, only months later, much of the support is gone, and the push for legislation dead, according to sources in congressional offices, the administration and the tech sector.  Draft legislation that Senators Richard Burr and Dianne Feinstein, the Republican and Democratic leaders of the Intelligence Committee, had circulated weeks ago likely will not be introduced this year and, even if it were, would stand no chance of advancing, the sources said. Key among the problems was the lack of White House support for legislation in spite of a high-profile court showdown between the Justice Department and Apple Inc over the suspect iPhone, according to Congressional and Obama Administration officials and outside observers. “They’ve dropped anchor and taken down the sail,” former NSA and CIA director Michael Hayden said. For years, the Justice Department lobbied unsuccessfully for a way to unmask suspects who “go dark,” or evade detection through coded communications in locked devices. When the Federal Bureau of Investigation took Apple to court in February to try to open the iPhone in its investigation of the San Bernardino slayings, the cause gained traction in Washington. The political landscape had shifted - or so it seemed. The short life of the push for legislation illustrates the intractable nature of the debate over digital surveillance and encryption, which has been raging in one form or another since the 1990s. Tech companies, backed by civil liberties groups, insist that building law enforcement access into phones and other devices would undermine security for everyone-including the U.S. government itself. Law enforcement agencies maintain they need a way to monitor  phone calls, emails and text messages, along with access to encrypted data. Polls show the public is split on whether the government should have access to all digital data. The legal battle between the FBI and Apple briefly united many around the idea that Congress - not the courts - should decide the issue. But the consensus was fleeting. Feinstein’s Democratic colleagues on the Intelligence Committee - along with some key Republicans - backed away. The House never got on board. The CIA and NSA were ambivalent, according to several current and former intelligence officials, in part because officials in the agencies feared any new law would interfere with their own encryption efforts. Even supporters worried that if a bill were introduced but failed, it would give Apple and other tech companies another weapon to use in future court battles. Burr had said repeatedly that legislation was imminent.     But last week, he and Feinstein told Reuters there was no timeline for the bill. Feinstein said she planned to talk to more tech stakeholders, and Burr said, “be patient.” In the meantime, tech companies have accelerated encryption efforts in the wake of the Apple case. The court showdown ended with a whimper when the FBI said it had found a way to get into the phone, and subsequently conceded privately it had found nothing of value. A week after the San Bernardino attack, Burr told Reuters passing encryption legislation was urgent because “if we don’t, we will be reading about terrorist attacks on a more frequent basis.” FBI Director James Comey told the Senate Intelligence Committee soon after that encryption was “overwhelmingly affecting” the investigation of murders, drug trafficking and child pornography. A week later, the Justice Department persuaded a judge to issue a sweeping order demanding Apple write software to open an iPhone used by San Bernardino suspect Sayeed Farook, who died in a shootout with law enforcement. Apple fought back, arguing, among other things, that only Congressional legislation could authorize what the court was demanding. Many saw the Justice Department’s move as a way to bring pressure on Congress to act. President Obama appeared to tacitly support Comey’s court fight and the idea that there should be limits on criminal suspects’ ability to hide behind encryption. But even as the drive for legislation seemed to be gaining momentum, consensus was dissipating. Senator Lindsey Graham, an influential Republican, withdrew  support in a sudden about-face. “I was all with you until I actually started getting briefed by the people in the intel community,” Graham told Attorney General Loretta Lynch during a hearing in March. “I’m a person that’s been moved by the arguments of the precedent we set and the damage we may be doing to our own national security.” On the Democratic side, Senator Ron Wyden vowed to filibuster what he called a “dangerous proposal,” that “would leave Americans more vulnerable to stalkers, identity thieves, foreign hackers and criminals.”  Senator Mark Warner advanced a competing bill to form a commission to study the issue.  A half dozen people familiar with the White House deliberations said they were hamstrung by a long-standing split within the Obama Administration, pitting Comey and the DOJ against technology advisors and other agencies including the Commerce and State Departments.[L2N16C1UC] They also said there was reluctance to take on the tech industry in an election year.  ",1
9370,Ohio appeals U.S. court decision in favor of early voting,"CLEVELAND (Reuters) - The state of Ohio filed a federal court appeal on Thursday seeking to restore a Republican-backed limit on early voting and accelerated voter-registration measures that were seen by civil rights groups as boosting minority turnout. U.S. District Judge Michael Watson in Columbus ruled on Tuesday that Ohio violated voters’ rights by reducing the period that ballots could be cast before an election to four weeks   from five weeks. Watson’s decision also struck down Ohio’s elimination of a seven-day window during which residents could both register to vote and cast their ballots all in the same week - a period known as “Golden Week.” Ohio’s Republican-controlled legislature abolished “Golden Week” and shortened early voting by seven days in 2014, drawing a legal challenge from the American Civil Liberties Union and the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. Watson sided with the ACLU and NAACP in finding that both changes, which critics said directly limited opportunities for minority participation in elections, violated the Voting Rights Act of 1965 and were unconstitutional. On Thursday, Ohio Secretary of State Jon Husted, a Republican, petitioned the 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals to review Watson’s decision, which he said scrapped a court-approved settlement the state previously reached with the ACLU and NAACP on early voting. The settlement allowed voters to cast ballots on multiple Sundays leading up to a presidential election and provided for additional evening voting hours, according to ACLU documents. Husted said Golden Week had become an administrative problem for state elections officials and increased the potential for voter fraud, arguing its elimination had broad bipartisan support. The Ohio Democratic Party countered with a statement accusing Republican state officials of “defending a law that clear data showed imposed a stark discriminatory impact on Ohio’s African-American voters.” The appeal came a day after the Ohio General Assembly passed legislation that would require any resident or organization to post a cash bond with a local court in order to keep polling stations open later than scheduled on election day. Judges in Ohio have on occasion ordered some polls to extend their hours because of voting equipment problems, major traffic issues and severe weather, including during the 2016 primaries. Opponents of the bill have said it violates the 24th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, which expressly prohibits the imposition of a “poll tax.” ",1
9371,Judge seals all video depositions in Clinton email case: The Hill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. judge on Thursday ordered that all videotaped depositions in a lawsuit over Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton’s private email server remain sealed, The Hill newspaper reported. In a brief order on Thursday evening, Judge Emmet Sullivan granted the request of lawyers for Clinton’s ex-chief of staff, Cheryl Mills, who had worried that video clips of her interview could be used for political purposes, according to The Hill. And Sullivan went further, ordering all videotaped depositions to remain sealed until he ordered otherwise, the newspaper said.    ",1
9372,Flap in Congress over gender identity sinks spending bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The rancorous political debate over sexual identity unexpectedly prompted the Republican-controlled House of Representatives to reject an energy and water spending bill on Thursday after Democrats attached an amendment to protect the rights of transgender people. The legislation, which would provide funds for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and the Department of Energy in the fiscal year that starts Oct. 1, failed on a 112-305 vote, with 130 Republicans and 175 Democrats opposing the legislation. The outcome was such a surprise that the House Appropriations Committee initially announced the bill had passed and was forced to retract the statement.  Democrats blamed Republicans for opposing a Democratic amendment to bar federal contractors from government work if they discriminate against the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) community. Democrats failed to attach the same measure to a separate House spending bill last week. “In turning against a far-reaching funding bill simply because it affirms protections for LGBT Americans, Republicans have once again lain bare the depths of their bigotry,” House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said in a statement. But Republicans accused Democrats of working to sabotage the House appropriations process by voting 6-175 against the bill after they had succeeded in amending it. House Speaker Paul Ryan said his own decision not to keep legislation under tight control had created conditions for “more amendments from both sides of the aisle ... and, yes, more unpredictability.”   “That’s what happened here today. It’s unfortunate, because this is a very good bill,” Ryan said. He vowed to continue pushing the energy and water bill, along with other appropriations measures. Democrats said they opposed two Republican amendments. One would prevent Washington from witholding federal funds from North Carolina over its law on LGBT bathroom use. The other would have stopped the Democrats’ LGBT amendment from affecting religious workplace exemptions. The White House had already threatened to veto the legislation over other provisions that Democrats said would undermine the Clean Water Act.  ",1
9373,Mississippi governor to join suit against Obama transgender policy,"(Reuters) - Mississippi’s Republican governor said on Thursday he planned to join a lawsuit by officials from 11 states to overturn an Obama administration directive that tells schools to let transgender students use bathrooms matching their gender identity. The lawsuit led by Texas, the most significant legal challenge to this month’s directive, said the federal government and Obama administration officials overreached their authority by taking actions that should be left to Congress or individual states. “Our office has talked to the Texas attorney general’s office and I intend, as soon as possible, to join the lawsuit against this latest example of federal overreach,” Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant said in a statement. As with some of the other states, Mississippi’s governor and attorney general disagree on the suit, which challenges the administration’s interpretation that federal civil rights laws against sex discrimination should apply to transgender people. Mississippi’s attorney general, Democrat Jim Hood, declined to participate in the lawsuit, according to Clay Chandler, a spokesman for the governor. Chandler said Bryant will work with an attorney in the governor’s office in joining the lawsuit. Hood’s office did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Amid a national debate on transgender rights, President Barack Obama’s administration on May 13 told U.S. public schools that transgender students should be allowed to use the bathroom of their choice, upsetting Republicans and paving the way for fights over federal funding and legal authority. Texas was joined by Alabama, Georgia, Louisiana, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Utah, West Virginia and Wisconsin, plus Arizona’s Department of Education and Maine’s governor. The lawsuit said the administration “conspired to turn workplace and educational settings across the country into laboratories for a massive social experiment, flouting the democratic process, and running roughshod over commonsense policies protecting children and basic privacy rights.” Transgender rights advocates criticized the suit as a malicious attack, saying there have never been public safety incidents or invasions of privacy related to protections for transgender people. “While the department will review the complaint, the federal government has strong legal foundations to uphold the civil rights of transgender Americans,” the Justice Department said in a statement on Wednesday. ",1
9374,"Sanders may debate Trump, not Clinton, before California contest","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An unconventional debate between a billionaire Republican and a democratic socialist is shaping up in California after presidential candidates Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders expressed an interest in squaring off against each other. Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, is still in a primary battle against Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton, while Trump effectively clinched the Republican Party’s nomination earlier this month when his two remaining rivals dropped out. In an appearance on ABC’s “Jimmy Kimmel Live” late Wednesday, Trump said he was willing to participate in such an event against Sanders. “If I debated him, we would have such high ratings,” the New York developer and reality television star said. “I think I should ... take that money and give it to some worthy charity.” Sanders appeared to agree in a post on Twitter on Thursday. “Game on,” he tweeted. “I look forward to debating Donald Trump in California before the June 7 primary.” Trump and Sanders have gone through a series of debates against rivals within their parties but Republican and Democratic presidential candidates usually do not debate each other until the parties have selected a nominee. The hashtag #BernieTrumpDebate began trending in the United States with news of the possible debate. Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks said in an email to Reuters on Thursday there were no formal plans yet for such an event. Representatives for the Sanders campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Kimmel said he asked Trump about the debate at the suggestion of Sanders, who is scheduled to appear on the show Thursday night. Sanders, a self-described democratic socialist who was elected to Congress as an independent and has made economic equality a keystone of his campaign, had first challenged Clinton to a California debate. He said he was disappointed when the former secretary of state declined. The Clinton campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment to a possible Trump-Sanders debate. Clinton has tried to woo Sanders supporters as she works to secure the party’s nomination for the Nov. 8 election. But some worry his supporters - who are largely young, working-class and disillusioned with party establishment - will turn instead to political neophyte Trump, who has championed a populist agenda. Sanders has said he will do everything he can to ensure that Trump does not win the White House. ",1
9375,"House Speaker Ryan: Call with Trump was good, productive","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan on Thursday said he had a good conversation with presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, but he had no comment on his possible endorsement of the party’s likely nominee.  “We had a very good and very productive phone call,” Ryan told reporters, referring to a telephone call the two men had Wednesday night. (This version of the story has been corrected to say presumptive nominee, not presumptive candidate, in first paragraph) ",1
9376,Oops! Senator's article tells of phantom meeting with Obama nominee,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican U.S. Senator Orrin Hatch wrote in an opinion piece published on Thursday that his meeting with Merrick Garland failed to change his view that the Senate should not act on President Barack Obama’s U.S. Supreme Court nominee. The problem is that no such meeting had yet taken place. Later in the day, the Utah senator issued a statement announcing that he would meet with Garland on Thursday, calling the appeals court judge “an honorable public servant who deserves our respect” but reiterating that the Senate should not act now. Paul Edwards, executive editor of the Deseret News in Hatch’s home state of Utah, said by email the article was a draft that was mistakenly published on newspaper’s website, and apologized to Hatch and the newspaper’s readers for “this unfortunate error.” “Like many of my Senate colleagues, I recently met with Chief Judge Merrick Garland,” Hatch wrote in the piece. “Our meeting, however, does not change my conviction that the Senate should consider a Supreme Court nominee after this presidential election cycle,” Hatch added. The 82-year-old Hatch, first elected to the Senate in 1976, is the longest-serving Senate Republican and is a long-time and influential member of the Judiciary Committee that considers Supreme Court nominees. Hatch has joined with the Senate’s Republican leaders in asserting that Obama’s successor, to be determined in the Nov. 8 presidential election, should fill the vacancy left by the death of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia in February. Democrats have accused Senate Republicans of ignoring their constitutional duties by refusing to consider Garland’s nomination. A copy of the article was archived by Google after the Deseret News removed it. “The electronic publication of this version, awaiting edits from the Senator following his meeting with Judge Garland, was inadvertent,” Edwards added. The article illustrated how unshakeable Republican opposition has been to Obama, a Democrat, appointing a replacement for Scalia. If a Democratic president appoints Scalia’s replacement, that would likely end decades of a conservative majority on the court. Obama nominated Garland on March 16. Hatch helped break a partisan log jam in the Senate against Garland two decades ago when President Bill Clinton nominated him to an appeals court. Garland won Senate confirmation in 1997. ",1
9377,Kentucky declares Clinton Democratic primary winner after recanvass,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A recanvass of Kentucky’s Democratic presidential primary results found Hillary Clinton won the contest by 1,911 votes, Kentucky Secretary of State Alison Grimes said on Thursday. Clinton’s rival for the party’s nomination, Senator Bernie Sanders, had requested a recount in the razor-close contest earlier this week. Grimes, in posts on Twitter, said the results of the recanvass would be certified by the state’s Board of Elections on May 31. ",1
9378,South Carolina governor to sign ban on abortion past 19 weeks,"CHARLESTON, South Carolina (Reuters) - Republican South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley on Wednesday signed into law a bill banning most abortions after 19 weeks of pregnancy unless the mother’s life is at risk, a spokesperson told Reuters on Wednesday.  The South Carolina legislature passed the bill last week, making it the 17th U.S. state to approve such a ban. A signing ceremony will take place on a date to be announced later, said Haley representative Chaney Adams.  The act, proposed last year in South Carolina’s Republican-controlled legislature, passed after it was stripped of exceptions for pregnancies that result from rape or incest. The law allows abortions at the 20-week mark if the pregnancy endangers a mother’s life. It also includes a second exception if severe fatal abnormalities will mean the fetus would definitely die at full-term birth.  Sixteen other states have passed similar laws as conservatives have chipped away at the U.S. Supreme Court’s landmark 1973 Roe v. Wade decision to legalize abortion. Courts have overturned the bans in three states. “I believe that life begins at conception and every step we can take to get back to that point is important,” the bill’s sponsor, Republican Representative Wendy Nanney, told Reuters. “In my view and many others’, it’s inhumane to subject that baby to pain at 20 weeks.” Critics have said the name of the Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act goes against medical evidence showing that a fetus at 20 weeks cannot feel pain. The law also removes necessary medical options in the extremely rare instance that an abortion is recommended after 19 weeks, critics said.  “We are incredibly disappointed in Governor Haley for signing HB 3114 into law today,” Jenny Black, president and chief executive officer of Planned Parenthood South Atlantic, said in a statement on Wednesday. “This dangerous and politically-motivated measure bans abortion after 20 weeks with no exceptions for victims of rape or incest, and no consideration for a woman’s individual circumstances.” ",1
9379,"Obama: Trump displays ignorance, seeks tweets over solutions","ISE-SHIMA, Japan (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama disparaged U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Thursday, saying the billionaire seeks tweets over solutions and has “rattled”  foreign leaders with his pronouncements. Obama accused the real estate mogul and former reality TV impresario of making cavalier comments for provocative effect, and he urged all presidential candidates to take the high road in a boisterous and harsh campaign. Weighing in on the race to succeed him with his strongest broadside yet against Trump, Obama said fellow leaders from the Group of Seven nations “are surprised by the Republican nominee”. “They are not sure how seriously to take some of his pronouncements but they are rattled by them,” the president told a news conference on the sidelines of a G7 summit in central Japan. “For good reason, because a lot of the proposals he has made display either ignorance of world affairs or a cavalier attitude, or an interest in getting tweets and headlines, instead of actually thinking through what it is that is required to keep America safe, secure and prosperous and the world on an even keel.”  Many U.S. allies fear Trump will feed insecurity in countries worried about China’s growing power, embolden nationalists and authoritarians, and unravel Obama’s “pivot” to the Asia-Pacific.      Trump has also been accused of racism and bigotry for saying he would build a wall to keep out illegal Mexican immigrants and would temporarily ban Muslims from the United States. He has also made comments considered demeaning to women. The race between Trump on the one hand and the Democratic candidates, front-runner Hillary Clinton, a former secretary of state, and Senator Bernie Sanders, for the Nov. 8 election has become increasingly bitter and personal. Trump this week took his use of accusations against Clinton to levels unprecedented in modern U.S. presidential campaigns, making incendiary statements that television networks cannot resist covering, giving him hours of free media and putting his opponents on the defensive. Obama said it was natural for journalists in such a campaign to elevate “every roll, blink, speed bump, conflict, trash talkin’”, but urged, instead, that candidates from both sides  stick to the issues. “Grumpiness arises where folks feel that we’re not talking about issues but personalities or character.”  Obama, a Democrat, issued his most extensive analysis to date of his own party’s race, while refusing to take sides. He rejected a suggestion that beating Trump would get more difficult as the two parties’ conventions approach in July, a period when the Democratic victor can focus on fighting Trump instead of the fellow Democrat, adding that the Democrat battle was tough. “Arguing against your friends is more draining than arguing against political opponents,” Obama said. He said there were no big ideological differences between Clinton, an establishment candidate who is a former First Lady and senator, and Sanders, a firebrand populist who identifies as a Democratic Socialist. The president said it was important that the race eventually end in a way “that leaves both sides feeling proud of what they’ve done.” ",1
9380,No masking Trump's popularity at Chinese Partytime Factory,"JINHUA, China (Reuters) - There’s no masking the facts. One Chinese factory is expecting Donald Trump to beat his likely U.S. presidential rival Hillary Clinton in the popularity stakes. At the Jinhua Partytime Latex Art and Crafts Factory, a Halloween and party supply business that produces thousands of rubber and plastic masks of everyone from Osama bin Laden to Spider-Man, masks of Donald Trump and Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton faces are being churned out. Sales of the two presidential candidates are at about half a million each but the factory management believes Trump will eventually run out the winner. “Even though the sales are more or less the same, I think in 2016 this mask will completely sell out,” said factory manager Jacky Chen, indicating a Trump mask. The firm was already beginning to stockpile the Republican candidate’s mask, he said. Just like with the sales of the $4-$5 masks, Trump is now running nearly even with Clinton among likely U.S. voters ahead of the November election, a Reuters/Ipsos poll from May 11 showed.  That is a big turnaround for the real estate billionaire once considered a fringe figure in the race, but now the Republican party’s presumptive presidential nominee. Trump has been less than positive in his comments about China, asserting that the world’s number two economy had waged “economic war” against the United States, and used crafty business practices to steal American jobs. China has largely refrained from responding to Trump’s barbs, but Finance Minister Lou Jiwei described him as “an irrational type” in an interview in April. Such issues are far removed from the Trump mask production line at the factory in Zhejiang province, south of Shanghai. Asked if he knew whose face he was making, 43-year-old worker Liu Dahua told reporters: “It’s the president of the U.S., right?” (This version of the story has been refiled to fix spelling of Clinton’s first name to “Hillary” instead of “Hilary” in first paragraph and spelling to “Spider-Man” instead of “Spiderman” in 2nd paragraph removes “expected” as description of candidates corrects description of Trump by removing “de facto” in fifth paragraph) ",1
9381,Obama says expects Taliban to continue strategy of violence under new leader,"ISE-SHIMA, Japan (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama said on Thursday he expects the Taliban to continue a strategy of violence following the appointment of a hardline leader, adding that the United States aims to uphold Afghanistan’s fragile democratization and prevent its use as a base by Islamic State.   “This continues to be an organization that sees violence as a strategy for obtaining its goals and moving its agenda forward in Afghanistan,” said Obama, told reporters during a Group of Seven summit at Ise-Shima in central Japan. “In the short-term, we anticipate that the Taliban will continue to pursue an agenda of violence and blowing up innocent people.”  “Our goal right now is to make sure (Afghanistan’s) constitution and democratic process is upheld (and) maintain the counter-terrorism platforms that we need in the region so that al Qaeda and now ISIL are not able to take root and use it as a base to attack us in the United States,” he said, using an acronym for Islamic State. The selection of cleric Mullah Haibatullah Akhundzada as the new Taliban chief on Wednesday all but dashes Obama’s hopes for opening peace talks before he leaves office, one of his top foreign policy goals, current and former U.S. defense and intelligence officials said. Akhundzada, a conservative Islamic scholar from the Taliban’s stronghold in southern Afghanistan, succeeded Mullah Akhtar Mansour four days after he was killed in a U.S. drone strike.  Some U.S. officials had expressed hope that Mansour’s death would eliminate an obstacle to peace negotiations between the Taliban and the government of Afghan President Ashraf Ghani. ",1
9382,Ohio legislature votes to allow limited medical marijuana use,"CLEVELAND (Reuters) - Lawmakers in Ohio on Wednesday approved legislation that would legalize marijuana use for medical purposes under certain circumstances, less than a year after recreational marijuana use was soundly defeated by Ohio voters.   The bill, approved by both chambers of the state’s Republican-led legislature, heads to Republican Governor John Kasich for his signature as his office said on Wednesday that he will review the bill. During the last few years, state legislatures and voters in the United States have been much more receptive to making the use of marijuana legal for medical purposes than for recreational use.  Some 24 states and Washington D.C. currently allow some type of medical marijuana use while only a handful of states allow for recreational use. It remains illegal on the federal level.  The Ohio legislation is more limiting than some in that it only allows patients with specific medical conditions to use an oil, edible, tincture or vapor form of marijuana prescribed by a physician licensed in the state, starting in 2017.  “This bill is not perfect, but it’s what Ohio patients need,” Ohio Senator Kenny Yuko, a Democrat, said before his house approved the bill.  “Marijuana is not a gateway drug, but a gateway off drugs.” Medical marijuana users would not be allowed to smoke or grow their own marijuana under the measure, which also would  create a commission responsible for regulating and licensing of all operations of the drug. In November, Ohio voters soundly rejected a measure that would have made it the first U.S. Midwestern state to legalize the recreational use of marijuana. Lawmakers from both parties voted for and against the bill on Wednesday. Some opponents of the measure have said that the qualifying list of medical conditions is too limited.  The measure was fast-tracked to head off a possible less-restrictive medical marijuana ballot initiative in November.  In a poll released in early May, 90 percent of Ohio voters supported the legalization for medical marijuana.  ",1
9383,Trump fires his national political director: campaign sources,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has fired his national political director after six weeks on the job, campaign sources said on Wednesday. Trump told staffers and supporters gathered backstage before a campaign rally in California on Wednesday that political director Rick Wiley “should be fired” for his handling of a fundraising deal with the Republican National Committee, according to the sources.  The RNC fundraising agreement included 11 states but not Nevada, where Republicans in the state are angling for key victories in the November elections. Three sources confirmed Trump said Wiley should be fired after Nevada Republican Party Chairman Michael McDonald told Trump that Wiley was responsible for leaving Nevada out of the deal. McDonald did not return calls seeking comment. Wiley did not respond to emails, text messages and phone calls seeking comment. The move is the latest in a tug of war between Trump’s original campaign team, including press secretary Hope Hicks and  campaign manager Corey Lewandowski, and a group of professionals he brought in later to shore up support from more traditional corners of the Republican Party. The new arrivals, led by veteran strategist Paul Manafort, whom Trump hired in late March, have urged Trump to tone down some of his most provocative positions, such as his proposed ban on Muslims entering the United States. But Trump reprimanded Manafort, according to two sources familiar with the conversation, after Manafort told a gathering of RNC members at an April meeting in Florida that Trump was only “acting” when describing his proposed Muslim ban or his plan to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border. Manafort hired Wiley on April 13. A statement issued by the Trump campaign said Wiley had been hired on a “short-term basis as a consultant until the campaign was running full steam” and it thanked him for “for helping us during this transition period.” Manafort did not responds to calls and emails seeking comment. ",1
9384,Illinois House Democrats advance FY 2017 budget amid veto threat,"SPRINGFIELD, Ill (Reuters) - Illinois took another step on Wednesday that is bound to lead nowhere in solving its strangled finances, with the Democratic-led House approving a new spending plan and Republican Governor Bruce Rauner immediately vowing to veto it, saying it was $7 billion out of balance. The fiscal 2017 budget, which passed in a 63-53 vote, allocates $14.1 billion for general funds spending against $33 billion in anticipated revenue.  However, the Democrats’ plan does not include billions of dollars the state automatically spends on pensions and debt payments, as well as for court-ordered social services spending under consent decrees, leading Republicans to blast the budget for needing $7.2 billion in additional revenue. The spending plan appeared destined to follow in the path of the Democrats’ fiscal 2016 budget, which was vetoed by Rauner, with the exception of K-12 school funding, on the premise it was $4 billion short on revenue. That has left Illinois the only state without a complete spending plan 11 months into a fiscal year that began July 1, 2015. The state has been relying on ongoing appropriations, stopgap funding bills and court-ordered spending, with a growing pile of unpaid bills as it limps through the fiscal year. “This is a repeat of last year on steroids,” said House Republican Leader Jim Durkin during the budget debate. But House Majority Leader Barbara Flynn Currie said lawmakers must act to pass a budget.    “It is unconscionable this state has failed to do its job during the current fiscal year and it would be even more unconscionable for us to leave this assembly without taking care of our responsibilities for the fiscal year to come,” she said. The House-passed budget includes an additional $700 million to address funding inequities among K-12 school districts, most notably the cash-strapped Chicago Public Schools, which would also get an additional $100 million for pensions. The budget now moves to the Democrat-controlled Senate, where its fate was unclear. Comptroller Leslie Munger, a Republican, warned of “catastrophic” results if the House budget plan is enacted, predicting the backlog of unpaid bills would more than double to $15 billion and payments to schools, hospitals and others would take as long as nine months to process.  A coalition of unpaid social service agencies that sued Illinois for more than $100 million earlier this month filed an emergency motion on Wednesday asking the Cook County Court to order the state to immediately make bill payments that are more than 60 days late.  ",1
9385,Eight protesters arrested at Trump rally in California,"ANAHEIM, Calif. (Reuters) - Some 100 people staged a boisterous but largely peaceful demonstration outside a Southern California rally by Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, at times taunting his supporters before police moved in and arrested eight people. The activists carried signs such as “Stop Nazi Trump” and “Dump Trump,” and beat a pinata made to resemble the presumptive Republican nominee outside a convention center in Anaheim, just a few blocks from Disneyland, before they were driven from the scene by police on horseback. A spokesman for the Anaheim Police Department said seven adults and one minor were arrested on charges ranging from selling T-shirts without a permit to unlawful assembly. The arrests came one day after a Trump event in Albuquerque, New Mexico, erupted into chaos after hundreds of protesters tried to swarm the convention center where Trump spoke, knocking down barricades, waving Mexican flags and hurling rocks and bottles at police officers in riot gear. Police responded with smoke bombs and pepper spray. Albuquerque police said they made arrests both outside and inside the rally, where demonstrators continually interrupted Trump’s speech. The police department’s Twitter feed said officers were treated for injuries caused by thrown rocks. In a Twitter post on Wednesday, Trump called the protesters in Albuquerque “thugs who were flying the Mexican flag.” “The rally inside was big and beautiful, but outside, criminals!” he said. In Anaheim, police warned in advance that they would take “swift” action if protests got out of hand, and the roughly 150 officers and sheriffs deputies on hand may have outnumbered the protesters.    Inside, Trump was interrupted by hecklers as he spoke, including one man who waved a Mexican flag. “Do not hurt him,” Trump said as a man was led out of the arena. “I say that for the television cameras. Even though he is a bad person.”  Many of those who protested outside the arena expressed anger over Trump’s views on immigration, at one point ripping apart a piñata resembling the candidate and spearing the paper-mache head on top of a flagpole with a large Mexican flag. Police largely stood by watching the demonstration, which became tense at times when anti-Trump protesters surrounded smaller groups of his supporters. At one point a brief shoving match broke out.  As Trump’s campaign event neared its conclusion inside, outside a police helicopter circled overhead, ordering the throng to disperse or face arrest. Officers on horseback then drove the crowd from the scene, where several people were taken into custody for failing to disperse.  Trump’s appearances in the U.S. West in areas with significant Hispanic populations have drawn large protests in response to his remarks that Mexico is sending criminals and rapists to the United States, made when he launched his campaign last year. Trump’s problems with Latino voters could dampen his Nov. 8 election hopes. A poll by the political research group Latino Decisions found 87 percent of registered Hispanic voters view Trump unfavorably. States like Nevada and New Mexico have growing Hispanic populations that could tip the election. Trump’s trip west came ahead of the California and New Mexico nominating contests on June 7. He also plans to hold several large fundraising events in California. It is the first high-dollar fundraising event the New York real estate mogul has held after largely self-funding his primary campaign. Mike McGetrick, one of two people carrying “Latinos for Trump” signs at the Anaheim rally, said he is part of a group called America First Latinos, whose website describes its members as believing in “the rule of law, hard work and the American Dream.” He said his neighborhood in nearby Orange is “being overrun” by undocumented immigrants. “There are so many of them, and they’re everywhere,” said McGetrick, 62, a retired city worker. “I can tell an illegal from a regular person just like that.” Trump supporters have been hopeful that his likely opponent, Democrat Hillary Clinton, will be dogged by her own problems to offset his difficulty with some populations. On Wednesday, Clinton faced renewed criticism about her use of a private email server for government business while secretary of state after a report by the State Department’s inspector general said she had violated agency policies. Trump only briefly addressed the report in his appearance in Anaheim.  “Not good,” he said. “Inspector general’s report, not good.”  ",1
9386,Chicago immigrant claims U.S. retaliated over her activism,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - A Chicago activist sued U.S. immigration authorities on Wednesday alleging they denied renewal of her immigration status in retaliation for her political activity. Irere Unzueta, 29, who came to the United States from Mexico in 1994 when she was 6 years old, applied for Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) in 2013 and was granted immigration relief despite a history of arrests at demonstrations. But when she applied last year to renew her DACA status - which allows undocumented immigrants who entered the country before they were 16 to work legally and be exempt from deportation for a two-year period - it was denied. According to the lawsuit against the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS), the agency cited Unzueta’s civil disobedience in its explanation of the denial, saying that “Ms. Unzueta’s case raised public safety concerns.” The denial “punishes her for engaging in constitutionally protected, peaceful political actions,” Mony Ruiz Velasco, a lawyer who represented Unzueta in her application for DACA, said at a news conference on Wednesday. Unzueta told reporters she has lost two job opportunities while fighting to renew her immigration status and said she brought the lawsuit because she is worried that hundreds of other students who spoke up about immigration issues could be targeted. She has never been convicted of any crime. The media office at USCIS said they do not comment on individual cases.  President Barack Obama initiated DACA in 2012, and then tried to expand it in 2014. The Supreme Court is considering challenges by a number of states to the expanded DACA and to a separate Obama program that would have granted immigration benefits to parents of children who are legally in the United States. The DACA designation is not a path to permanent resident status but has been controversial because Obama enacted it unilaterally. Unzueta and her family participated in a wave of campaigns around the country to push for DACA. She attended high school in Chicago and graduated from the University of Illinois at Chicago in 2009. The lawsuit, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, asks the court to find that the immigration authorities erred in denying Unzueta the renewal she sought. Although her application for immigration relief was denied, the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency has not initiated deportation proceedings against Unzueta.",1
9387,States ratchet up transgender battle with lawsuit against U.S.,"(Reuters) - Officials from 11 U.S. states sued the Obama administration on Wednesday to overturn a directive telling schools to let transgender students use bathrooms matching their gender identity, decrying the policy as “a massive social experiment.” Ramping up the simmering battles over contentious cultural issues in America, the states, led by Texas and most with Republican governors, accused the federal government of rewriting laws by “administrative fiat.” “We are willing to fight this all the way to the Supreme Court if we have to,” Republican Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton told reporters in Austin.  Amid a national debate on transgender rights, President Barack Obama’s administration on May 13 told U.S. public schools that transgender students must be allowed to use the bathroom of their choice, upsetting Republicans and paving the way for fights over federal funding and legal authority. The states’ lawsuit accused the federal government of overstepping its constitutional powers by taking actions that should be left to Congress or individual states. It also challenged the Obama administration’s interpretation of federal civil rights law with regard to sex and gender. The lawsuit said the administration “conspired to turn workplace and educational settings across the country into laboratories for a massive social experiment, flouting the democratic process, and running roughshod over commonsense policies protecting children and basic privacy rights.” Texas was joined by Alabama, Georgia, Louisiana, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Utah, West Virginia and Wisconsin, plus Arizona’s Department of Education and Maine’s governor. Paxton said, “It’s about parents who are upset, grandparents who are upset. They want to see that the safety of their children is taken care of.” Transgender rights advocates argued it is transgender people who need protection, particularly transgender women who are disproportionately the victims of assaults and would be forced to use men’s bathrooms if states succeed in forcing people to use bathrooms matching their sex at birth. Likewise, transgender men, many of whom grow facial hair, would be required to use women’s bathrooms along with girls. “This action puts students at risk for the sake of politics,” said Alison Gill of the Trans United Fund advocacy group supporting transgender rights. Gill said the states’ lawsuit did not reflect the position of most school boards and administrators. The administration’s letter to the schools said that to get federal funding under existing rules, schools must agree not to treat students or activities differently on the basis of sex. That includes not treating transgender students differently from others of the same gender identity, officials said. Paul Castillo, a lawyer with Lambda Legal, which supports lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) rights, said the lawsuit represented an “unprecedented attack against transgender people across the United States.” “These states are demonstrating the great lengths they will go to in order to discriminate against transgender individuals,” Castillo said. Nine of the 11 states that sued have Republican governors, including Maine’s Paul LePage. LePage broke with the Democratic attorney general, Janet Mills, who did not approve of the lawsuit, a spokesman for Mills said. School districts from Texas and Arizona also joined the suit, which names the U.S. government and a host of federal  agencies and officials as defendants. North Carolina sued the federal government on the transgender bathroom issue this month, seeking to protect its state law passed in March that bans people from using public restrooms not corresponding to their sex assigned at birth. Ever since the 1960s civil rights movement, the federal government has asserted its authority to force states to extend equal protection under the law for all. The administration sued North Carolina on May 9, stating that its transgender bathroom law violated the U.S. 1964 Civil Rights Act. The 11 states’ lawsuit accused the administration of taking that argument too far and improperly, widening the scope of interpretation of civil rights law. Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex in federally funded education programs and activities. The administration’s interpretation is that the word “sex” extends protection to transgender people, but the issue has not been settled in the courts. “I agree with the Obama administration that ‘sex’ includes ‘gender,’ and ‘gender’ includes ‘gender identity,’” said John Pagan of the University of Richmond’s School of Law in Virginia. Peter Lake of Stetson University College of Law in Florida said the U.S. Supreme Court has taken a narrow view of the meaning of “sex” under the law, but in recent years lower courts have been more likely to defer to the Obama administration’s broader definition. “My sense is a certain momentum is building for broader protection of (LGBT) rights, and we might be seeing a moment of federal civil rights law in long-term transition,” Lake said. The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment. ",1
9388,"Clinton email server broke government rules, watchdog finds","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Hillary Clinton broke government rules by using a private email server without approval for her work as U.S. secretary of state, an internal government watchdog said on Wednesday. The long-awaited report by the State Department inspector general was the first official audit of the controversial arrangement to be made public. It was highly critical of Clinton’s use of a server in her home, and immediately fueled Republican attacks on Clinton, the Democratic front-runner in an already acrimonious presidential race.  The report, which also found problems in department record-keeping practices before Clinton’s tenure, undermined Clinton’s earlier defenses of her emails, likely adding to Democratic anxieties about public perceptions of the candidate. A majority of voters say Clinton is dishonest, according to multiple polls.  The report concluded that Clinton would not have been allowed to use the server in her home had she asked the department officials in charge of information security. The report said that staff who later raised concerns were told to keep quiet. Several suspected hacking attempts in 2011 were never reported to department information security officials, in breach of department rules, it said. “She’s as crooked as they come,” Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential candidate, said of Clinton at a campaign rally in Anaheim, California, adding that the report’s findings were “not good” for her. Clinton’s campaign disagreed, saying the report rebutted Republican’s criticism. The inspector general’s office examined email record-keeping under five secretaries state, both Democratic and Republican. John Kerry, the current officeholder, and predecessors Madeline Albright, Colin Powell and Condoleezza Rice all agreed to speak to the inspector general’s investigators. Clinton was the only one who declined to be interviewed, as did her aides. The report contradicted Clinton’s repeated assertion that her server was allowed and that no permission was needed.  Several other inquiries continue, including a U.S. Justice Department investigation into whether the arrangement broke laws. The inspector general’s report cited “longstanding, systemic weaknesses” with State Department records that predated Clinton’s tenure, and found problems with the email record-keeping of some of her predecessors, particularly Powell, that failed to comply with the Federal Records Act.  But it singled out Clinton for her decision to use a private server in her home in Chappaqua, New York, for government business. “OIG found no evidence that the Secretary requested or obtained guidance or approval to conduct official business via a personal email account on her private server,” the report said, using an abbreviation for the office of inspector general. The report said Clinton should have discussed the arrangement with the department’s security and technology officials. Officials told investigators that they “did not - and would not - approve her exclusive reliance on a personal email account to conduct Department business.” The reason, those officials said, is because it breached department rules and presented “security risks.” State Department spokesman Mark Toner said he would not “challenge” those findings. He told reporters the department was aware of hacking attempts on Clinton’s server, but had no evidence that any were successful.  When two lower-level information technology officials tried to raise concerns about Clinton’s email arrangement in late 2010, their supervisor in Clinton’s office instructed them “never to speak of the Secretary’s personal email system again,” the report said. Their supervisor told them that department lawyers had approved of the system, but the inspector general’s office said it found no evidence this was true. Brian Fallon, a Clinton spokesman, said the report rebutted criticisms of Clinton made by her political opponents. “The report shows that problems with the State Department’s electronic recordkeeping systems were longstanding and that there was no precedent of someone in her position having a State Department email account until after the arrival of her successor,” he said in a statement. He did not address the report’s criticism of Clinton’s use of a private server, something no other secretary of state has done. Democrats, including fundraisers for Clinton’s campaign, said the report revealed nothing new. “It’s digging and digging and digging,” Amy Rao, the chief executive of data company Integrated Archive Systems and a Clinton fundraiser, said in an interview, comparing the investigation to probes the Clintons faced in the 1990s. “Trust me: There’s no there there. It’s Whitewater.” Current Secretary of State Kerry asked Steve Linick, the State Department inspector general, to investigate after Clinton’s email arrangement came to light last year. President Barack Obama appointed Linick to the role in 2013.  Republicans have used Clinton’s email practice to suggest she was trying to hide government records from scrutiny under public-access laws. Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said in a statement that the findings “are just the latest chapter in the long saga of Hillary Clinton’s bad judgment that broke federal rules and endangered our national security.”  ",1
9389,Puerto Rico rescue bill advances to full House vote,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. lawmakers on Wednesday backed a plan to help Puerto Rico escape crippling debt and expand the economy, a move that could put a rescue before the House of Representatives within days. The House Natural Resources Committee endorsed the plan by a 29-10 vote and left intact most provisions endorsed by House Speaker Paul Ryan. The plan would empower a federal oversight board to negotiate with investors and decide what they would recover from the roughly $70 billion they lent the island. Taxpayer money will not be spent in the rescue which would prevent a bailout, Ryan’s office said in a statement on Wednesday. Puerto Rico’s Governor, Alejandro Garcia Padilla praised the bill for elements to help address insolvency, protect essential services and grow the economy. However, he reiterated reservations about the broad power of the oversight board. “Puerto Ricans are Americans and our democratic rights need to be protected, just like those of American citizens living on the mainland, and the oversight provisions do not meet that obligation,” he said in a statement, urging Ryan to amend the bill before it goes to the full House for a vote.     Under the plan, investors may not sue Puerto Rico while the oversight board does its work, and all the island’s creditors could face a loss despite recent lobbying from Wall Street interest groups. Among Republicans who voted on Wednesday, more than half endorsed the rescue plan but a vocal minority warned that it would hurt investor demand for municipal bonds and force issuers to offer higher yields. “Taxpayers across the country will have to pay ... as markets adjust to this new world,” warned Congressman Tom McClintock of California. The bill, called the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act, passed without significant changes. Speaker Ryan and Nancy Pelosi, the top Democrat in the House, in separate statements on Wednesday touted bipartisan support for the bill. If that holds, lawmakers may guide the rescue past the Senate to President Barack Obama before $1.9 billion in Puerto Rico debt is due on July 1. Republicans may demand more concessions while some Democrats find the oversight board too punitive. Democrats also want guarantees that the island’s pension system, which has a shortfall of $40 billion, would be protected first. With the House and Senate set to begin a week-long Memorial Day holiday break at the end of this week, debate of the bill by the full House is not expected until sometime in June. ",1
9390,'Little House' star drops bid for U.S. congressional seat,"(Reuters) - Melissa Gilbert, best known for playing Laura Ingalls Wilder in the 1970s television drama “Little House on the Prairie,” has dropped out of the race for a U.S. congressional seat in Michigan for medical reasons.  Gilbert, 52, said continued problems from neck and back injuries from a 2012 accident forced her to give up her Democratic candidacy for the Republican-held seat. “While I have received the best treatment and therapy I could have asked for, those injuries have only gotten worse,” Gilbert said in a statement. “As much as it breaks my heart to say this, my doctors have told me I am physically unable to continue my run for Congress.” Gilbert, who lives with her husband, actor Timothy Busfield, in Howell, Michigan, about 60 miles (100 km) from Detroit, has no political background but served two terms as president of the Screen Actors Guild from 2001 to 2005. She is the author of three books, including “Prairie Tale: A Memoir,” about her role in the show about a Minnesota farm family in the 1870s and 1880s. Gilbert’s departure from the race improved the already strong odds that U.S. Representative Mike Bishop, a Republican, would win a second two-year term in the district, the Detroit Free Press reported. ",1
9391,"Funding battle begins with House bill on regulators, agencies","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The first shots in a political battle over funding for a range of federal activities rang out during a congressional subcommittee hearing on Wednesday, as Republicans and Democrats took opposing stances on a budget bill for financial regulators and other agencies. The legislation, which covers funding for the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Treasury Department, the judiciary branch and others, passed the House of Representatives Financial Services Subcommittee and now goes to the full Appropriations Committee. It then must win approval from the Republican-dominated House before being reconciled with a Senate version into a single bill for President Barack Obama to sign. Democrats at Wednesday’s meeting made it clear they will press for changes at every step of the lawmaking process, saying the current bill is loaded with ideological policy “riders” that do not belong and that it could cripple important government work. Republicans, meanwhile, said the bill would reign in spending, make bodies such as the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau more accountable and boost funding for important issues. “We cut funding for nearly two dozen agencies that can operate with a little less,” said Republican Ander Crenshaw of Florida, the subcommittee chairman, adding that the cuts helped free up more money for antidrug trafficking efforts, the Small Business Administration, and the Treasury Department’s Offfice of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence. In total, the bill drops funding by 6.5 percent from current levels for all agencies, including the General Services Administration and the Internal Revenue Service, which bear “the brunt of the reduction” because “they are the largest agencies in the bill and both have a recent history of inappropriate behavior,” Crenshaw said. Republicans want to shake up the IRS after a 2013 scandal in which it allegedly targeted conservative Tea Party groups. The bill would also shave $50 million from the SEC’s budget. Representative Nita Lowey, a Democrat from New York, said the lower funding in the legislation “would allow more tax cheats to go undetected” and thwart the SEC in protecting investors.  “The long list of riders turns a bad bill into an example of the Republican majority’s unnecessary culture war,” she added, citing provisions to block the Federal Communications Commission’s internet neutrality rule and to limit health coverage of abortions for federal employees. Calling the riders “unnecessary, unwarranted, and unhelpful,”  the senior Democrat on the subcommittee, Jose Serrano of New York, said “they are an effort to appease the right wing of the right wing.”   ",1
9392,House Speaker Ryan says he hasn't decided on Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Paul Ryan, the top U.S. elected Republican, on Wednesday continued to withhold his support from Donald Trump for the Republican Party’s presidential nomination, saying he is not ready to endorse the real estate billionaire, a political neophyte. Ryan, the speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives, brushed aside reports that he was ready to endorse Trump during a meeting with reporters in the Capitol. “I haven’t made a decision,” he said, adding that he had no timetable for doing so. The 46-year-old speaker is the only member of the Republican congressional leadership who has not formally embraced the presumptive Republican nominee. Ryan is expected to chair the party’s nominating convention in July in Cleveland. Ryan and Trump were, however, scheduled to speak by telephone on Wednesday evening, a spokesman for Ryan said. “This is not an endorsement call,” spokesman Zack Roday said. Ryan set up the call with Trump to continue discussing the party’s campaign agenda, a Ryan aide said. Trump’s ascent has shaken the party establishment and raised concerns among some Republicans over whether they can unify behind him, given his harsh rhetoric and shifting policy positions in a brutal primary fight that once had 17 candidates. Ryan was asked Wednesday about Trump’s comment this week that New Mexico Republican Governor Susana Martinez, who had declined to attend a Trump rally, was not doing her job.  Ryan said Martinez was a “great governor” and “a friend of mine,” and said he would leave it at that. Ryan said his staff and Trump’s were in contact virtually daily. “I want this to be a sincere deliberative process,” Ryan said. He dismissed suggestions that the Trump campaign was trying to pressure him, saying, “I don’t worry about that stuff.” The speaker faces some pressure from inside his party to smooth things over and form a united front against likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in November. Ryan’s statement earlier this month that he was not ready to support Trump was unusual and seen as an effort to keep some distance from Trump and protect Ryan’s own presidential prospects for 2020. Ryan said his staff and the Trump campaign have been discussing a wide-ranging policy agenda for the campaign, covering issues from healthcare to taxes and national security. Ryan said the policy agenda on poverty will be announced in the first week of June, with more details later in the month. He said the agenda was for 2017 and would feature “the kind of things that you can get done only with a Republican president.” ",1
9393,"Trump, aiming to offset money disadvantage, escalates Clinton attacks","WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Donald Trump this week took his use of sordid accusations against Democrat Hillary Clinton to levels unprecedented in modern U.S. presidential campaigns, in the latest example of the Republican’s unorthodox playbook. The presumptive Republican nominee is working to gain stronger footing and offset a big advantage Clinton is likely to have ahead of the Nov. 8 presidential election: a huge campaign war chest that she and her allies intend to use to launch a barrage of attacks against him.  Trump is using the same strategy he used repeatedly during the Republican nomination fight against rivals like Ted Cruz: making incendiary statements that U.S. television networks cannot resist covering, giving him hours of free media and putting his opponents on the defensive.  The strategy may already be working. Trump has raised more than a few eyebrows with his latest round of attacks against Clinton. He has turned history into headlines that play like a virtual reel in the 24-hour news world of cable TV and the internet. Trump’s campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, said the strategy makes sense. “Clearly, she’s going to have massive amounts of money,” Lewandowski told Reuters. “The difference is Mr. Trump has funded his campaign. What we’ve been able to do in this campaign cycle is to generate earned media based on Mr. Trump’s ability to be a straight talker, and genuine and authentic, and I think that’s what drives the news cycle.” Trump’s latest salvos include a rape accusation against former President Bill Clinton dating to the 1970s and the suicide of an aide to the former president in 1993 - events that the campaign links to Hillary Clinton. An online video released by Trump has various women accusing the former president of rape or unwanted sexual advances. Trump accused Hillary Clinton of helping to silence the women. The Clintons and their supporters have dismissed the charges as baseless and politically motivated. Then, in an interview with The Washington Post, Trump suggested that the Clintons may have been involved in the 1993 death of Vince Foster, a former aide to Bill Clinton and a friend of Hillary Clinton, even though more than five investigations, including one conducted by Republican special prosecutor Kenneth Starr, concluded that Foster committed suicide in a Virginia park. Trump was alluding to theories over the years that have been circulated in tabloid publications, in the depths of the internet and in books by the Clintons’ foes. On Wednesday, Trump’s campaign accidentally sent an email to a reporter at Politico revealing that the Republican plans to next attack Clinton regarding Whitewater, a real estate scandal that plagued Bill Clinton’s administration. No wrongdoing by the Clintons was ever proven. The attacks have put Hillary Clinton on her back foot. Trump “just continues to gobble news cycle after news cycle,” said Republican pollster Kellyanne Conway, who ran the Super PACs that backed Senator Ted Cruz in the primary and aggressively attacked Trump. “Clinton is spending less time campaigning about the future and more time explaining the past than she would probably like.”  The barrage puts Clinton in a bind. So far, she has opted to ignore Trump’s personal attacks and her campaign has offered general pushback. But Clinton risks the negative onslaught dragging down her standing with the public and irreversibly damaging her general election hopes. “I played a lot of hardball in my life, but I don’t envy what the Clinton campaign is up against here. Trump himself has totally changed the political dynamic,” said Jim Manley, a Democratic strategist who supports Clinton. “What they can’t afford to do is get in the gutter with the guy. He has absolutely no morals or scruples. Getting into the gutter with him is an absolute waste of time.” Clinton’s campaign and the Super PACs supporting her will not be without funds to try to combat the attacks and launch her own. At the end of April, she had $30 million in her campaign account, compared with Trump’s $2 million.  And the PAC supporting her, which can raise and spend unlimited amounts of money, had $46 million at the end of April - a total that is likely to grow over the summer. The PAC backing Trump is just getting off the ground. Clinton will also depend on an army of surrogates to try to combat Trump without having to respond to him herself.  Trump has already proven he can dispatch opponents without spending much money by defining them to voters through aggressive appearances on news programs.  Republican rival Jeb Bush had a more than $100 million advantage going into the primary. But Trump painted him as “low energy” and defined him as inept, a characterization Bush’s money was never able to overcome. The PACs backing Republican Senators Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz spent millions assailing Trump. Trump was able to leverage extensive coverage of his campaign by the media to combat their attacks while spending little money on advertising. Trump has been proven an expert at raising attack lines that have already been settled, but insisting that questions remain. He spent years demanding that President Barack Obama produce his birth certificate, despite myriad evidence that Obama was born in Hawaii, including government records of the president’s birth in Honolulu. For Trump, some of the attacks are targeted at young voters - those in their early 20s and 30s were too young to have been immersed in news about the scandals of the Clinton years.   “You have a whole series of the population who either (a) don’t know anything about it, or (b) weren’t paying attention at the time,” Lewandowski said. A Clinton ally said Trump is simply trying to distract attention from his own liabilities - such as refusing to release his tax returns and his own history of problems with women. “The more he raises these outrageous and outlandish charges,” said U.S. Representative Xavier Becerra, of California, a Democratic leader in the House, “the more he keeps you pedaling in a different direction.” ",1
9394,House Speaker Ryan to speak with Trump Wednesday night,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan and likely Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump are to speak by telephone on Wednesday evening, a spokesman for Ryan said. “This is not an endorsement call,” spokesman Zack Roday said. Ryan, the top U.S. elected Republican, on Wednesday continued to withhold his support from Trump for the presidential nomination, saying he was not ready to endorse the real estate billionaire. Ryan set up the call with Trump to continue discussing the party’s campaign agenda, a Ryan aide said. ",1
9395,Obama administration officials warn lawmakers over Iran sanctions,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Obama administration officials told U.S. lawmakers on Wednesday they would oppose new sanctions on Iran if they interfere with last year’s international nuclear agreement, laying the groundwork for a potential fight over any legislation. “If legislation were to undermine the deal, by taking off the table commitments that we had put on the table, that would be a problem,” Adam Szubin, the acting Treasury Department undersecretary for terrorism and financial intelligence, told a House of Representatives hearing. “Certainly our allies around the world would see us taking back major chunks of the sanctions relief as bad faith,” Szubin told a Senate Banking Committee hearing later on Wednesday. House and Senate members are drafting new sanctions measures, accusing Iran of supporting terrorism, human rights abuses and violating its international commitments by testing ballistic missiles. They want to renew the Iran Sanctions Act, a broad U.S. law imposing sanctions over Iran’s nuclear and missile programs that expires at the end of 2016. Administration officials have urged Congress not to rush to renew the ISA. Lawmakers argue that new sanctions will help send a message that Washington will take a hard line, despite the nuclear pact. Every Republican in Congress and several of President Barack Obama’s fellow Democrats opposed the agreement. “I feel it’s not so terrible to have Congress come up with new sanctions if we feel Iran is violating its agreements,” said Representative Eliot Engel, top Democrat on the House Foreign Affairs Committee, who opposed the nuclear pact. Szubin and Stephen Mull, the State Department’s lead coordinator for implementing the nuclear deal, told lawmakers that, so far, the deal announced in July 2015 was being fully implemented. They said the administration was tightly tracking Iran’s compliance. “We believe that we and our allies in the region are considerably safer,” Mull said.  Members of Congress recently accused the administration of allowing sanctions workarounds that might provide Iran direct or indirect access to the U.S. financial system. Szubin reiterated the administration’s assurances that it had no such plans. Despite the easing of nuclear sanctions under the international agreement, Tehran’s hopes of rapidly ending its economic isolation have been complicated by companies’ concerns that doing business with Iran might violate non-nuclear sanctions that remain in place. ",1
9396,Congress moves to revamp toxic chemical law,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Legislation with bipartisan support that would revamp U.S. chemical safety law for the first time in decades is advancing in Congress, winning overwhelming passage in the House of Representatives as backers sought quick Senate action. Senate leadership aides said the timing was still being worked out for a Senate vote on the first update of the Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA) in about 40 years. The House’s 403-12 vote to pass the measure updating the regulation of toxic chemicals aided the bill’s chances, with the Senate also expected to strongly embrace the bill, according to leadership aides. “By removing 40-year-old barriers and modernizing procedures, we reduce the risk to consumers. This means the chemicals and products we use every day will be safer for Americans,” Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan said. Lawmakers have complained that under current law, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has been unable to effectively regulate chemicals, including those that can be found in hardware stores for home improvements. “Under current law, it’s become harder for the EPA to ban even substances that are known to cause cancer, such as asbestos,” said Steny Hoyer, the No. 2 House Democrat, in calling for passage of the bill on Tuesday. According to the House Energy and Commerce Committee, “Absent EPA action under TSCA, some states, litigants and even consumer product retailers have been increasingly taking steps to restrict certain chemicals, not always relying on objective scientific analysis to make these decisions.” Under the bill, the government would evaluate risks posed by chemicals without considering the cost of taking action. If there are indications that a chemical’s use presents an unreasonable risk, the EPA would attempt to manage the risk, under the bill. Steps could range from labeling the product to banning it. Under the compromise bill hammered out by Republicans and Democrats, the EPA would have to consider the impact of a chemical on health and the environment, the chemical’s benefits and the economic impact of regulation. ",1
9397,Senators urge House to move on aviation security bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top members of the U.S. Senate Commerce Committee have urged their counterparts in the House of Representatives to move forward on Senate legislation to boost aviation security and authorize the programs of the Federal Aviation Administration. In a May 24 letter released on Wednesday, the senate panel’s Republican chairman, John Thune of South Dakota, and its top Democrat, Bill Nelson of Florida, cautioned House lawmakers that Congress has only six weeks left to approve legislation before a temporary FAA funding patch expires in mid-July. The letter, addressed to House Transportation Chairman Bill Schuster of Pennsylvania and that panel’s top Democrat, Peter DeFazio of Oregon, urged movement on a Senate bill that passed with overwhelming bipartisan support last month. “We believe that this legislation represents a model for House action, which is essential to avoiding another round of funding extensions that will be disruptive to the aviation industry and only delay much-needed reforms,” Thune and Nelson said.  House lawmakers have not taken up the Senate bill but have focused instead on their own multi-year measure that stalled due to disagreement over a controversial plan to privatize the U.S. air traffic control system. Aides to Shuster were not available for comment.  But DeFazio said he agreed with the senators about the need to move forward.  “We could pass comprehensive legislation with broad bipartisan support today if the Republicans drop their divisive scheme to privatize air traffic control,” the Oregon Democrat said in a statement issued by his office.   Thune and Nelson described the Senate bill as “the only viable opportunity this year” to deliver comprehensive legislation to President Barack Obama for his signature. They added that the House privatization measure would face hurdles in the Senate even if the House reached agreement. “We understand the commitment to this (privatization) proposal, but the Senate is far from reaching a consensus on this issue,” the senators said. ",1
9398,"State Department was not doing enough on emails, records: spokesman","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Top U.S. State Department officials were aware of Hillary Clinton’s use of private email as secretary of state but did not understand the full extent to which she employed it, a department spokesman said on Wednesday. Spokesman Mark Toner said the State Department has already complied with many recommendations in an inspector general’s report on Clinton’s email use and acknowledged failings during her 2009-2013 tenure. “We, like many federal agencies, were not doing enough to meet the requirements of records management and preservation,” Toner said at a news briefing. ",1
9399,Clinton spokesman: IG report shows no Clinton missteps on emails,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department inspector general’s report shows Hillary Clinton’s email practices reflected those of other secretaries of state and that her use of personal email was known to government officials at the time, a Clinton spokesman said on Wednesday. “The report shows that problems with the State Department’s electronic recordkeeping systems were longstanding and that there was no precedent of someone in her position having a State Department email account until after the arrival of her successor,” spokesman Brian Fallon said in a statement.  He also said the report, which was distributed to lawmakers, showed no successful breach of the private server she used. ",1
9400,Hacker who exposed Hillary Clinton's email server pleads guilty,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A Romanian computer hacker who revealed the existence of a private email server used by Hillary Clinton when she was secretary of state pleaded guilty to hacking-related offenses on Wednesday, the U.S. Justice Department said. Marcel Lazar, who used the alias “Guccifer,” entered his guilty plea before Judge James Cacheris in U.S. District Court, Alexandria, Virginia, the department said in a statement. Sentencing was set for Sept. 1. In recent media interviews, Lazar claimed he had easily hacked into Clinton’s controversial private email server. But the Justice Department statement did not confirm this claim, and a law enforcement official said investigators did not find evidence to support the claim. ",1
9401,"Protesters throw rocks, bottles at police outside Trump rally in New Mexico","(Reuters) - Protesters threw rocks and bottles at police officers who responded with pepper spray outside a rally for presidential candidate Donald Trump in Albuquerque, New Mexico, police said.     Hundreds of protesters tried to storm the convention center in New Mexico’s biggest city, knocking down barricades and throwing objects at a door and then hurling rocks and bottles at mounted police in riot gear, the Albuquerque Police Department said on Twitter on Tuesday and video posted online showed.  Several police officers were injured, the police tweeted.  Protesters chanted anti-Trump slogans, held anti-Trump signs and waved Mexican flags before the demonstration descended into chaos with some protesters standing on top of police cars.   Television footage showed officers responding by using pepper spray and smoke bombs to disperse the crowd. Police said they made arrests both outside and inside the rally, where protesters continually interrupted Trump’s speech.  No one at the police department was immediately available for comment. Protests have become common outside rallies for Trump, the party’s presumptive nominee, who has polarized opinion with his rhetoric against illegal immigration. He abandoned a rally in Chicago in March after clashes between his supporters and protesters. He has accused Mexico of sending drug dealers and rapists across the U.S. border and has promised to build a wall and make Mexico pay for it. According to CNN, his supporters chanted “build that wall” during his rally on Tuesday in Albuquerque where a little less than half of the population is Hispanic or Latino.     “Watching thugs (and) punks in Albuquerque - en route to California. They don’t even know what they are protesting,” Trump aide Dan Scavino said on Twitter.  Trump heads on Wednesday to a rally in Anaheim, California, which has a growing Latino minority.  ",1
9402,Obama to Asians worried about U.S. election: It's going to be OK,"HO CHI MINH CITY, Vietnam (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama sought on Wednesday to ease growing Asian worries about the raucous election campaign to succeed him which has been dominated by the incendiary rhetoric of  mogul Donald Trump, now the Republican Party’s nominee. “I think other people sometimes look at our election system and say ‘what a mess’,” Obama told a townhall meeting with young leaders in Vietnam’s Ho Chi Minh City, formerly Saigon. “But usually we end up doing okay because the American people are good people ... Sometimes our politics doesn’t express all the goodness of the people,” he said, without referring specifically to any of the presidential candidates. Obama made the comments just before ending a three-day trip to Vietnam, whose high point was an announcement that Washington’s ban on sales of lethal weapons to the country - a vestige of the Vietnam War - would be completely lifted. Obama repeatedly insisted that lifting the embargo was not a response to Beijing’s assertiveness in the South China Sea.  Critics accused Washington of throwing away a powerful lever it had to press communist-ruled Vietnam for improvements in human rights. White House officials say the arms move was a natural step to take with a country that, once an enemy, is now a key part of Obama’s strategic ‘rebalance’ towards Asia and an important trade partner as its economy grows apace. Obama also announced the Peace Corps would begin operating in Vietnam for the first time. Across Asia, policymakers have been startled by Trump’s “isolationist” foreign policy pronouncements, which have challenged much of the status quo in Washington’s relations with the region. Many fear Trump will feed insecurity in nations worried about China’s growing power, embolden nationalists and authoritarians, and unravel Obama’s ‘pivot’ to the Asia-Pacific. At the townhall in Ho Chi Minh City, a young woman who had been an exchange student in Montana asked Obama what he thought of the prospects that Trump or Democratic contenders Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders following him to the White House. “Usually, eventually the voters make good decisions and democracy works,” replied Obama, whose criticism of Trump has sharpened since he all but clinched the Republican nomination. “Things are going to be ok. I promise.” Thousands of people lined the streets of Ho Chi Minh City for a second day to cheer enthusiastically and wave mini-flags of Vietnam and the United States as Obama drove by on his way to the airport for a flight to Japan.  At his freewheeling townhall, where he was greeted with a standing ovation, Obama noted that two-thirds of the country’s population were born after 1975, when the war ended with North Vietnamese tanks rolling into Saigon to bring U.S.-backed South Vietnam under communist rule. Obama prodded Vietnam’s leaders on political freedoms during his visit after critics of the government were prevented from meeting him. When a woman rapper at the townhall asked him about supporting arts and culture, he segued into an appeal for people to be allowed to express themselves. However, his unusually long one-country visit was warm and mostly about strengthening diplomatic and economic relations. Annual U.S.-Vietnam trade has swelled from $450 million when ties were normalized in 1995 to $45 billion last year. Washington is a big buyer of Vietnam’s televisions, smartphones, clothing and seafood. Obama repeatedly touted the benefits of the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade pact, of which export-led Vietnam will be one of the biggest beneficiaries, if it survives opponents in Washington concerned about competition and a loss of U.S. jobs. He also talked about the challenges of climate change when asked about the drying-up of the Mekong River in the rice-bowl delta of southern Vietnam, urging Southeast Asian countries to work together. The Mekong River, which sustains 60 million livelihoods as it flows through Laos, Thailand, Cambodia and Vietnam, is under threat from at least 39 hydro-electric dams being built or under development upstream of Vietnam, most of them in China. Low river levels have allowed seawater to penetrate inland, ruining vast swathes of cropland in the fertile delta. Obama did not name any of the upstream countries but said the United States would provide smaller member states of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) with technical assistance and evaluations of what needs to be done. “Hopefully ... that information can be used to negotiate on an international level to try to prevent some projects that might have very bad effects,” he said. “One of the things that we’ve seen in ASEAN is that when small countries band together as a unit, then the power magnifies.”   Japan is the final stop on Obama’s swing through Asia, where he is attending a summit of the Group of Seven industrialized nations starting Thursday.  ",1
9403,"Trump advisers push him to target OPEC, regulations in big energy speech","WILLISTON, North Dakota (Reuters) - Two energy advisers to Donald Trump want him to call out members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries for driving down world oil prices when he delivers a major energy policy speech this week.  The advisers, who said they had been asked by Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign to contribute ideas for the speech, told Reuters they had also suggested he mention cuts to regulations and a streamlining of the federal tax code to make U.S. energy companies more competitive. The advisers, U.S. Congressman Kevin Cramer of North Dakota and another who asked not to be identified, said they had urged Trump to criticize the OPEC cartel for contributing to a crash in world oil prices by producing full throttle, a factor that has helped push many U.S. oil companies into bankruptcy. “We have to look at the global playing field and see which of our partners - OPEC, Iran, Russia - are playing fair in the global marketplace,” Cramer said about the advice he had been giving Trump. Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, has not shied from targeting OPEC’s top producer, Saudi Arabia, in the past. He has said the United States should consider halting oil purchases from the kingdom if it does not provide troops to fight Islamic State militants who control swaths of Syria and Iraq. Trump’s speech on Thursday at the Williston Basin Petroleum Conference in North Dakota, the heart of U.S. drilling country that has been hard hit by the oil price slump, may reveal for the first time how he will approach the energy sector if elected. A spokeswoman for Trump’s campaign declined requests for comment and it was unclear whether Trump would use any the ideas provided by the advisers.      Trump has so far been mostly mute on details of his energy policy. He has dismissed climate change as a hoax, promised to renegotiate the U.N. global climate accord, and vowed a revival in the U.S. coal industry, which has been hobbled by low prices and rules that limit pollution emissions.   Environmental advocates and Hillary Clinton, the frontrunner for the Democratic nomination, have criticized his stance for underplaying the economic and social risks of climate change. Cramer, who cosponsored a bipartisan bill to investigate OPEC’s influence in the oil market, said Trump should examine Saudi and Venezuelan ownership stakes in U.S. refineries that import foreign oil instead of using domestic supply, if he is elected president.  “One-third of (U.S.) refining capacity is owned by OPEC countries. How does this fit into (Trump’s) America first policy?” Cramer said. Cramer’s suggestions, and those of the second adviser Reuters interviewed, have been sent to Trump senior policy advisers including John Mashburn, who is expected to help draft Trump’s speech, according to sources familiar with the campaign. Mashburn could not be reached for comment. The organizer of Thursday’s conference, North Dakota Petroleum Council President Ron Ness, said 7,700 people were expected to attend, many probably hoping for assurances from Trump that he will help the oil industry be more competitive.  “We can manage the cyclical nature of the market but what we are struggling with is the daily onslaught of punitive regulations,” he said.    Cramer has suggested to Trump that he ease regulations like the Clean Power Plan, which is aimed at curbing emissions scientists believe contribute to global warming. He also wants Trump to consider the scope of waterways protected under the Clean Water Act. ",1
9404,Tennis: Halep keeps her wits to reach round three,"PARIS (Reuters) - Former finalist Simona Halep survived a first-set wobble to reach the third round of the French Open for only the second time in her career with a 7-6(5) 6-2 win over Kazakhstan’s Zarina Diyas on Wednesday.  The Romanian sixth seed surrendered her serve twice in the opening four games to trail 4-1 but delved into her wealth of experience to finally subdue her 90th-ranked opponent 7-5 in the tie break. More exchanges of breaks followed in the second set before Halep finally found her groove to take a 5-2 lead and set up three match points on Diyas’ serve. The first one went begging but Halep’s gritty baseline play paid off in the next point as Diyas bowed out after flicking a forehand long to end a 10-shot rally. “The first set was very tough and I was very nervous as I seemed to be fighting for every point,” Halep said in a court side interview. The good news for Halep is that the only previous time she reached the last 32, she made it all the way to the 2014 Roland Garros final. Halep and her bizarre black and white zebra print dress will be back on court on Friday when she takes on Japan’s Naomi Osaka for a place in the fourth round. ",1
9405,Pro-EU group unveils Soviet-style mural of Trump kissing ex-Mayor Johnson,"LONDON (Reuters) - A giant mural of Donald Trump locked in a kiss with former London mayor Boris Johnson in the style of a legendary Soviet-era image has been unveiled by a group campaigning for Britain to stay in the European Union. Painted on the side of a building in Bristol, southwest England - home of the celebrated graffiti artist Banksy - the image reprises a 1979 photograph of Soviet leader Leonid Brezhnev and East German President Erich Honecker kissing, which was later turned into a mural on the Berlin Wall.  It was commissioned by pro-EU campaign group “We are Europe” as what they call a warning of things to come if Britons vote to leave the 28-member bloc on June 23, as advocated by both Johnson and Trump, the presumptive Republican candidate in November’s U.S. presidential election. Johnson is the “Out” campaign’s best-known leader and Trump has said Britain would be “better off without” the EU, which he has blamed for Europe’s migration crisis. The 15-foot (4.5 meter) mural is accompanied by the slogan “Not #IN for this?” and a plea for people, especially the young, to register to vote by a June 7 deadline. “People need to look at this image and think - is this the future I want,” said Harriet Kingaby, a spokesperson from We Are Europe. Galvanizing the youth vote is a key issue for the “In” camp. Surveys show young people are far more likely to be in favor of remaining in the EU but also much less likely to bother to vote. A survey of 2,000 students this month found that 63 percent did not know the exact date of the referendum, while 54 percent were not aware it was being held in June. ",1
9406,Trump unlikely to be able to renegotiate climate deal: U.N. climate chief,"COLOGNE (Reuters) - Donald Trump would be “highly unlikely” to be able to renegotiate the global accord on climate change if elected U.S. president, the U.N.’s climate chief said on Wednesday, as doing so would require the agreement of 195 countries.  Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, told Reuters earlier this month he was “not a big fan” of the climate accord and would seek to renegotiate elements of the deal. “As we all know, Donald Trump relishes making very dramatic statements on many issues, so it is not surprising, but it is highly unlikely that that would be possible,” Christiana Figueres, executive secretary of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, told journalists at the Carbon Expo event in Cologne. The accord, struck in Paris last December, saw countries agree to cut greenhouse gas emissions from 2020 with the aim of limiting the rise in the global average temperature to less than 2 degrees Celsius. “An agreement that has been adopted by 195 countries would require 195 countries to agree to any new negotiation,” she said. She added the current U.S. administration was a strong supporter of the deal because it benefits the country. Many of the accord’s backers say it is in U.S. interests to limit greenhouse gas emissions, partly because cuts in the use of fossil fuels would also mean less air pollution, a big cause of disease.  Trump has said in the past he believes global warming is a concept that was invented by China to hurt the competitiveness of U.S. business. The Paris Agreement will formally enter into force when 55 nations representing at least 55 percent of world greenhouse gas emissions have ratified it. China and the United States, representing 38 percent, say they will join this year. Figueres said if this happens the agreement could come into force as early as 2017. It would then be even harder for the U.S. to pull out, as rules state any nation wanting to leave has to wait four years from the date of the agreement’s entry into force - the length of a U.S. presidential term. ",1
9407,Democratic presidential candidate Sanders seeks recount in Kentucky,"(Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders on Tuesday requested a recount in the close Kentucky presidential primary against front-runner Hillary Clinton, state election officials said on Tuesday. The recanvass will take place at all 120 county boards of election on Thursday, according to the Kentucky Secretary of State Alison Grimes. Clinton won Kentucky by just 1,924 votes, according to the unofficial totals posted on the secretary of state’s elections page. She won Jefferson County, which includes Louisville and is the largest by far of the state’s 120 counties, by nearly 10 times that amount In his filing on Tuesday, Sanders requested a full check and recount of every voting machine and absentee ballot from all precincts in the counties, according to Grimes’ website. “My office is notifying all county boards of elections that Sen. Sanders has requested a recanvass, and we are reminding them of the laws and procedures to be followed,” Grimes said in a statement. Clinton, a former U.S. senator and secretary of state, narrowly defeated Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, in the May 17 presidential nominating contest in Kentucky, a state she had not been expected to win.  A Sanders campaign representative said the recount request was important for the integrity of the Democratic presidential contest, in which Sanders is continuing to challenge Clinton despite her formidable lead in the number of delegates needed to secure the nomination. “I think the point is just transparency, it’s not just about Kentucky,” Sanders aide Larry Cohen said on CNN. “It’s about trying to create a context, now and at the (Democratic) convention, that these primaries and caucuses need transparency, they need to be authentic, they need to build confidence among voters, particularly younger voters, that this is not rigged.”  Sanders has generally drawn more support from young voters than Clinton. ",1
9408,Obama prods Vietnam on rights after activists stopped from meeting him,"HO CHI MINH CITY, Vietnam (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama chided Vietnam on political freedoms on Tuesday after critics of its communist-run government were prevented from meeting him in Hanoi, a discordant note on a trip otherwise steeped in amity between the former foes. Tens of thousands turned out to welcome Obama on the second leg of his visit, Ho Chi Minh City, which was called Saigon until April 1975 when North Vietnamese tanks rolled in to bring U.S.-backed South Vietnam under communist rule. Many in the crowds lining the streets chanted “Obama, Obama,” some held handwritten signs reading “Obama, we love you,” and one woman held a boy dressed in a Captain America costume, complete with shield. Underlining the importance of the growing economic ties between the countries, Obama held an open forum with young  entrepreneurs and laid out the benefits of the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade pact between 12 Pacific Rim countries. The high point of his visit came on Monday, with an announcement that Washington was scrapping its embargo on the sale of lethal arms to Vietnam. That clears the biggest hurdle remaining between two countries drawn together by concern over China’s military build-up. Critics said that by removing the ban, a vestige of the Vietnam War, Washington had put concerns about Beijing’s assertiveness in the South China Sea first and given up a critical lever to press Hanoi for improvements in human rights. One prominent intellectual, Nguyen Quang A, told Reuters that about 10 policemen had come to his house at 6:30 a.m. and put him in a car that was driven out of the capital until Obama was about to leave. An outspoken lawyer, Ha Huy Son, said he was also stopped from joining Obama’s meeting with six other civil society leaders. Human Rights Watch said a journalist who was also invited had been arrested on Monday. Quang A, a former IT entrepreneur, was one of more than 100 Vietnamese who tried to run as independents for last weekend’s election to the parliament, which is tightly controlled by the Communist Party. Almost all failed to get on the ballot. Before he was taken away, Quang A posted on Facebook a photograph of himself dressing for the meeting with Obama, with the message: “Before going. May be intercepted, arrested. Advising so people know.” Vietnam’s foreign ministry did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Obama noted that several activists had been blocked from meeting him and said this was an indication that, despite some “modest” legal reforms “there are still folks who find it very difficult to assemble and organize peacefully around issues that they care deeply about.” “There are still areas of significant concern in terms of freedom of speech, freedom of assembly, accountability with respect to government,” he said. U.S. officials said that lifting the arms embargo would make it easier for Washington to engage with Vietnam on such issues. In Washington, members of the U.S. Congress, including Republicans as well as some of Obama’s fellow Democrats, criticized the policy shift alongside about a dozen Vietnamese human rights activists. “This is the definition of a bad deal,” Republican Representative Chris Smith said at a news conference. “This is not smart diplomacy, it is surrender of U.S. interests and values.” Democratic Representative Adam Lowenthal said, “I am very disappointed that we lost yet another opportunity to elicit any kind of commitment from the Vietnamese government on improving the human rights of the Vietnamese people.”  In a speech before leaving Hanoi, Obama stressed the importance of freedom of navigation in the South China Sea, where China has been turning remote outcrops into islands with runways and harbors. “Big nations should not bully small ones. Disputes should be resolved peacefully,” he said, without naming China, which claims sovereignty over most of the South China Sea. China’s Global Times, run by the Communist Party’s official People’s Daily, said the decision to lift the embargo showed a willingness to relax standards on human rights for the sake of containing China. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, in Ho Chi Minh City with Obama, told reporters that Washington’s efforts to normalize relations with Vietnam were not aimed at China. “This is not about China. Nothing that we did here or (are) arguing here is focused on China. It is focused on the fastest-growing marketplace in the world,” Kerry said.  Obama interviewed three entrepreneurs at Ho Chi Minh City’s “Dreamplex,” which hosts budget tech start-ups with support of angel investors and Silicon Valley funds. He also touted the benefits of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, especially for unlocking entrepreneurial innovation. Vietnam’s manufacturing and export-led economy is seen as the biggest TPP beneficiary. Annual U.S.-Vietnam trade swelled to $45 billion last year from $450 million when ties were normalized. Washington is a big buyer of Vietnam’s televisions, smartphones, clothing and seafood. But the TPP, which would remove tariffs across a 12-nation bloc worth a combined $28 trillion of gross domestic product, is not a done deal. Opposition is expected in Washington amid concern about competition and a loss of U.S. jobs. ",1
9409,Clinton knocks Trump for cheering housing bubble burst,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democrat Hillary Clinton, seeking to dampen Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s growing appeal with working-class voters, on Tuesday accused him of having cheered on the 2008 housing market crash. Clinton’s campaign released an ad with audio that the presumptive Republican nominee recorded in 2006 for his now-defunct Trump University venture. Trump, a billionaire real estate developer, in remarks on a “bubble burst,” said: “I sort of hope that happens because then people like me would go in and buy” property and “make a lot of money.” Clinton’s campaign and her surrogates used the recording to argue that she would take better care of the U.S. economy. Clinton is seeking to blunt the inroads that Trump has been making with voters in crucial states such as Florida and Ohio. Trump defended his comments on Tuesday evening at a rally in Albuquerque, New Mexico, saying buying when the housing market was down showed smart dealmaking skills that he would bring to the White House. “I’m a businessman, that’s what I’m supposed to do,” Trump said. “I feel badly for everybody. What am I going to do? I’m in business.” The New Yorker also impersonated Clinton on the campaign trail, who he said “screams,” and said other big names in business did similar deals as he did before the housing crisis. Trump has never held elected office and often touts his history as a businessman in response to accusations that he is unprepared to assume the presidency. Anti-Trump protestors and police clashed outside the Albuquerque convention center on Tuesday when protestors tried to storm the center, calling for an end to the Trump rally. Albuquerque police said on Twitter that protestors threw rocks and bottles and a door to the facility appeared to have been hit with something. Police said the only arrests so far had been inside the rally, where Trump was interrupted multiple times by protestors.  Opinion polls in key states show Clinton, the front-runner for the Democratic nomination, and Trump in a tight race ahead of the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election. Nationally, Trump has been rising in polls to pull roughly even with Clinton. U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren, a Democrat who is a favorite of financial reformers, bashed Trump in prepared remarks released ahead of a speech in Washington on Tuesday. Trump’s 2006 comments, she said, amounted to rooting for “people to get thrown out on the street.” “The rest of us were horrified by the 2008 financial crisis,” Warren said in the comments. “But Donald Trump was drooling over the idea of a housing meltdown – because it meant he could buy up a bunch more property on the cheap.” Warren also criticized Trump for saying in a Reuters interview last week that the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, enacted in response to the crisis, made it hard for bankers to operate. “Let me find the world’s smallest violin to play a sad, sad song,” Warren said. “Can Donald Trump even name three things that Dodd-Frank does? Seriously, someone ask him.” Trump did not directly respond to Warren’s comments on Tuesday, but he called her a “total failure” as a U.S. senator during the rally. Clinton surrogates from Ohio and Florida held a conference call with reporters about Trump’s housing statements. Her campaign hosted related events in Virginia, Pennsylvania, New Hampshire, Iowa, Colorado and Nevada, which will all be battlegrounds in November’s general election. “How could Trump possibly champion the collapse of the housing market and our economy?” U.S. Representative Tim Ryan of Ohio said on the call. Clinton is still fighting on two fronts as she seeks to wrap up her primary battle with Democratic rival Bernie Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont. Clinton and Sanders both campaigned on Tuesday in California, which is among six states holding Democratic nominating contests on June 7. California, the most populous U.S. state, has more Democratic delegates than any other state, and Sanders has invested heavily there. Clinton needs a solid win in California for a strong finish heading into her party’s national convention in July and to dispel questions about whether she can unite the party after a drawn-out, increasingly bitter primary race. Clinton on Monday turned down an invitation by Fox News to debate Sanders in California despite having agreed previously to a May debate. Her campaign said Clinton’s time would be better spent meeting directly with California voters. Sanders said her refusal was an insult to California voters. Sanders on Tuesday requested that the state of Kentucky review his loss there last week to Clinton by fewer than 2,000 votes. Kentucky’s secretary of state, Alison Grimes, said in a statement that the state will recanvas the results at all 120 county boards of election. ",1
9410,Obama to return to Indiana city after seven years to highlight progress,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama plans a return visit to Elkhart, Indiana, next week, some seven years after going to the city on his first trip as president, to highlight economic progress there and across the United States, the White House said on Tuesday. The repeat visit to Concord High School on June 1 will feature a town hall hosted by broadcaster PBS, as Obama looks to burnish his legacy in the final year of his administration. Unemployment in Elkhart, a manufacturing center for recreational vehicles and band instruments, has fallen to 4.1 percent from 19.6 percent in 2009, according to a White House statement that also noted improvements in high school graduation  and mortgage foreclosure rates. The White House also touted improved healthcare coverage in Indiana and nationally under Obama’s signature Affordable Care Act.  Obama said that in addition to economic progress already made, he planned to talk about the future. “We still face some tough economic challenges, there’s no doubt about it. And all of us have to make some very important decisions about where we go from here,” he said in the statement.           ",1
9411,"Rocker Neil Young, a Canadian, talks U.S. presidential politics"," (Reprise Records corrects release date of next album to June 24 from June 17, last paragraph) By Jane Ross (Reuters) - Neil Young, a Canadian citizen, can’t vote in the upcoming U.S. presidential election - but the 70-year-old rocker has plenty to say about it.  In a video interview with Reuters ahead of the release of his new album “Earth,” the Grammy-award-winning singer-songwriter excused Donald Trump for using his music without asking his permission.  Trump’s use of “Rockin’ in the Free World” during the Republican nominee’s campaign launch raised heckles last June. Young’s management company released a statement at the time saying that Trump was not authorized to use the song in the announcement of his presidential candidacy. Young now says he has nothing against Trump using his song. He just would have liked to have been asked.      “The fact that I said I was for Bernie Sanders and then he didn’t ask me to use ‘Rockin’ in the Free World’ doesn’t mean that he can’t use it,” said Young, who has long lived on a ranch in California.  Young confirmed the Trump’s campaign statement that the campaign had a license agreement with the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers for the right to play the recording. “He actually got a license to use it,” Young said. “I mean, he said he did and I believe him. So I got nothing against him. You know, once the music goes out, everybody can use it for anything.  “But if the artist who made it is saying you never spoke to them, if that means something to you, you probably will stop playing it. And it meant something to Donald and he stopped.” Young says his support for Sanders in the election race was still strong, despite Hillary Clinton’s lead in the contest for the Democratic nomination.  “He’s the only one talking about the issues, about issues that matter to me, the issues on my mind - problems of corporate control of democracy and everything slipping away and not being able to have six major companies owning all the media in the United States,” Young said.  Young has retained his Canadian citizenship. Although becoming a U.S. citizen would allow him to vote in the country’s November presidential election, he dismisses the notion.  “Oh, that would be a big ruse. I’m a Canadian. There’s nothing I can do about that,” he said.  But, he says, he will keep on talking politics, in his music and in public.  “I vote in my own way, by making a lot of noise. If you don’t want to listen to me, fine. If you don’t want to vote like I would, don’t. But I still have a voice.” Young’s latest album, featuring live recordings of songs from throughout his career, will be released on June 24 on Reprise Records. ",1
9412,Alabama House speaker's ethics trial roils state politics,"(Reuters) - Opening statements in the ethics trial of Alabama House Speaker Mike Hubbard got underway on Tuesday in a political drama that could rattle the Republican Party controlling the state, where two other top party leaders are ensnared in separate scandals. The proceedings against Hubbard, a powerful Republican who faces 23 ethics violations, involve actions taken in office and while he was a state party chairman. Alabama’s governor and chief judicial officer also face scrutiny in other matters.  Governor Robert Bentley, a Republican, is under fire for his relationship with a former political advisor, prompting efforts to begin impeachment proceedings this spring. Bentley is among the state party leaders who could be called to testify in the Hubbard case, according to local media. Meanwhile, Alabama Supreme Court Chief Justice Roy Moore was suspended this month amid an ethics inquiry over his urging state probate judges not to grant marriage licenses to gay couples, despite a U.S. Supreme Court’s ruling that legalized gay marriage last year. Hubbard was indicted by a state grand jury in October 2014 on charges of using his elected office, along with his former post as chair of the state Republican Party, for personal gain.  He pleaded not guilty and denied wrongdoing, describing his prosecution as politically motivated, local news outlets have reported. Hubbard’s office did not immediately respond to a request for comment. During opening arguments on Tuesday, state prosecutors said Hubbard used his powerful roles to send money to businesses that he had an interest in. “He sees an opportunity and he takes it,” state prosecutor Matt Hart, who oversees a special prosecutions division, told the courtroom, the Montgomery Advertiser reported. Hubbard’s defense said it would show he had not committed the alleged felony crimes. “They’re not going to prove anything,” said defense attorney Bill Baxley, according to the Advertiser newspaper. If convicted, Hubbard could see prison time and removal from office, local news outlets reported. The office of State Attorney General Luther Strange, a Republican, declined further comment, noting that the judge in the case has imposed an order restricting comments to media. ",1
9413,Lawmakers see path ahead for Puerto Rico rescue plan,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A Congressional plan to help Puerto Rico shed billions of dollars in bad debt can win enough support to make its way to a vote in the House of Representatives, U.S. lawmakers who support the measure said on Tuesday. Under the rescue plan, an independent panel would erase some of Puerto Rico’s $70 billion debt load that has crippled the island state already facing a 45 percent poverty rate and the Zika epidemic. U.S. Speaker of the House Paul Ryan, a Republican, has endorsed the fix and the fate of the measure could help define his tenure as party leader which began in October. But Ryan can rely on some Democrats who say the rescue will aid the ailing island even if some of the legislation’s provisions are too punitive of Puerto Rico. “This is the only bill that will attract enough support from our colleagues on the Republican side to pass in a Congress they control,” said Rep. Raul Grijalva, the leading Democrat on the House Natural Resources Committee. Grijalva of Arizona said he expects lawmakers will ratify the plan when they write the fine-print of the legislation at a hearing on Wednesday. Rep. Rob Bishop, the panel’s chairman, postponed a law-writing session in April because of opposition to the Puerto Rico rescue but on Tuesday he said he was hopeful. Ryan and Democratic leaders stress the aid plan for the island means relief without federal spending though investors will see a cut in their Puerto Rican bond holdings and they are fighting for terms that could limit the hit to their portfolios. A leading voice for investors, the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (SIFMA), on Tuesday backed the plan which expects Puerto Rico to control deficit spending. A Puerto Rico oversight panel, or control board, could veto Puerto Rico spending measures that it finds irresponsible and SIFMA endorsed such “broad powers to enforce and monitor fiscal discipline.” The oversight board would have the power to push creditors to accept a write-down of debt, even over the objections of holdout investors. The plan would also ask the oversight board to protect the interests of Puerto Rico pensioners who rely on a system that is now under funded by at least $40 billion.  ",1
9414,Ohio violated voting rights by reducing early voting: U.S. judge,"(Reuters) - A federal judge ruled on Tuesday that Ohio violated voters’ rights in 2014 by cutting the number of days in which people were allowed to cast early ballots to 28 from 35. Judge Michael Watson of U.S. District Court in Columbus ordered Ohio to reinstate the 35-day period and also to grant residents a week-long opportunity to register and cast a ballot at the same time - a period known as “Golden Week.” If the ruling stands, voters in Ohio will be able to vote a full 35 days before the general election on Nov. 8. Watson said the earlier changes violated the Voting Rights Act of 1965 and were unconstitutional.  Ohio’s Republican-controlled legislature changed the system two years ago. The move was challenged by the state’s chapter of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and the American Civil Liberties Union.  The two groups argued that the limited opportunities for early voting directly affected minorities. Ohio Secretary of State Jon Husted, a Republican, said in a statement on Tuesday: “It is disappointing that a federal judge would again change the election rules after the current laws were upheld in the same federal district court by a settlement agreement we reached with the NAACP and the ACLU.” Husted said in a statement.  The settlement between Husted and the organizations allowed residents to vote on multiple Sundays leading up to a presidential election and gave access to additional evening voting hours, according to ACLU documents.  Husted said he plans to consult the leaders of the state Senate and state House of Representatives before deciding how to proceed.",1
9415,Former Republican candidate Santorum endorses Trump for president,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former U.S. Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum on Tuesday endorsed Donald Trump for president, saying he was swayed by Trump’s list of possible Supreme Court nominees. Santorum, who dropped out of the presidential race in February and threw his support to Senator Marco Rubio, told Fox News: “The most important issue is preserving the Constitution of this country and a liberal Supreme Court will destroy it.” Last Wednesday, Trump unveiled a list of 11 judges he would consider, if elected, to replace the late Antonin Scalia on the Supreme Court. ",1
9416,Senator Durbin cites problems with House Puerto Rico debt bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Dick Durbin, the chamber’s second-ranking Democrat, expressed deep reservations on Tuesday with a Puerto Rico debt relief bill being debated by a House of Representatives panel this week. “I want to see the final product. The initial draft, I have some real problems with it,” the Illinois lawmaker told reporters. He added that some other Democrats had also expressed strong reservations with the measure. Durbin said he was concerned that the bill that could move through the House would cut the minimum wage and overtime pay for some Puerto Ricans and fail to increase federal payments for Medicare and Medicaid, the healthcare programs for the elderly, poor and disabled, on the island. He also said there were deep concerns whether bondholders ought to be able to be paid back in full under any debt restructuring plans that would be overseen by a newly created oversight board at a time when social services are being cut on the island.  Lawmakers are trying to enact a bill to prevent further economic and social chaos in Puerto Rico, where the government faces a July 1 debt payment of $1.9 billion. The island, a territory of the United States, has a total debt of roughly $70 billion. The Republican chairman of the House Natural Resources Committee is hoping his panel votes by Wednesday to approve a Puerto Rico debt bill he negotiated with leading House Democrats and the Obama administration and send the measure to the full House for debate and passage. Durbin told reporters he heard strong opposition to the House bill during a meeting in Chicago on Monday with Puerto Rican community leaders. Durbin spoke following a weekly closed meeting of Democrats in which the Puerto Rico legislation was discussed. “There wasn’t a single person (speaking) in support” of the bill during that meeting, he said.     ",1
9417,"Puerto Rico crisis bill strengthens creditors, but cram-down remains","SAN JUAN (Reuters) - The Congress’ latest attempt to solve Puerto Rico’s debt crisis appears to strengthen some - though not all - creditor positions in what has been a robust fight to influence the writing of a bill that lawmakers started to debate on Tuesday. The House Natural Resources Committee presented the legislation, formally called the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management and Economic Stability Act or PROMESA, last week after several false starts. The bill would put Puerto Rico’s finances under a federally appointed oversight board, while allowing the U.S. territory to restructure a $70 billion debt load that threatens to collapse an economy already hamstrung by rampant emigration and a 45 percent poverty rate. While that structure is unchanged from prior drafts, several small tweaks seem to benefit bondholders, including restricting the government’s ability to override decisions of the seven-member board.  Still, other elements of the bill are ambiguous, experts say - including the ability of Puerto Rico to enforce cuts to creditors’ debt portfolios through a bankruptcy-like court process without their consent. This is also referred to as a “cram-down.” “It doesn’t strike me that there are obvious winners and losers,” said David Skeel, a bankruptcy expert and professor at the University of Pennsylvania Law School, adding, “a lot will depend on who ends up on the control board, and what stance the control board takes.” The bill also allows provisions for Puerto Rico’s 18 distinct debt-issuing agencies to try to come to terms consensually with creditors, through a cooperative process where creditors would be able to vote on debt restructuring plans. Two-thirds of a creditor class would need to support a plan for it to take effect. PROMESA, also referred to as H.R. 5278, gives significant latitude to the board to manage Puerto Rico’s books and form a plan to stabilize its finances. In a change from a prior version released in April, the bill would strengthen language barring the Puerto Rican government from passing any laws to curb the board’s authority. “At the end of the day, the real virtue and vice of this bill is the strength of the control board,” Height Securities analyst Daniel Hanson, who follows Puerto Rico closely, said in an interview.     The latest draft would also restrict the government’s ability to transfer property on which creditors have liens. In the case of a proposal to cut repayments to creditors, it would compel a judge to assess the fairness of the proposal against Puerto Rico’s constitution, a protection absent from the April draft. Such protections seemed to modestly reassure markets when the bill was unveiled last week and investors bid up prices on Puerto Rico’s benchmark July 2035 general obligation debt. “The revised language is certainly more positive for the commonwealth’s GO (General Obligation) and GO-guaranteed bondholders as it attempts to preserve the constitutional protections they currently enjoy,” Bank of America Merrill Lynch analysts wrote clients. ‘CRAM-DOWN’  Still, the new bill retains enough ambiguity to make some creditors nervous. Most significantly, it preserves cram-down power and in one sense makes it easier to start the process.  That is because the latest draft of PROMESA removes a pre-condition to cram-down which would have required Puerto Rico to first complete consensual workout talks with creditors, allowing them to vote on a restructuring plan.  The current bill merely requires Puerto Rico to make “good-faith efforts” toward a cooperative deal before initiating a cram-down action.  Determining when Puerto Rico had satisfied that fuzzier standard would be up to the oversight board, giving the board more leeway on deciding when to push Puerto Rico into bankruptcy, and thus more leverage in creditor talks, said Melissa Jacoby, a bankruptcy expert and professor at University of North Carolina School of Law.  “It’s important that the restructuring provisions are strong enough to provide the leverage to encourage voluntary deals,” Jacoby said in an interview. “This bill asks a lot of Puerto Rico in some respects, and therefore, it’s not a good deal for Puerto Rico unless it has a robust restructuring possibility.” One creditor source who was not authorized to speak to the press voiced concern over how the “good-faith efforts” standard would be assessed: “We don’t know how the it will be enforced and those are the questions we’ll be asking.” ",1
9418,Senate rejects new U.S. retirement rule; Obama ready to veto,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate voted along party lines on Tuesday to repeal a new Labor Department rule on retirement advice after a debate that stretched over the course of the day. The resolution, approved by a vote of 56 to 41, is a largely symbolic move that President Barack Obama has already threatened to veto. The House of Representatives passed a similar version last month. Obama’s administration in April released the rule setting a fiduciary standard for financial brokers who sell retirement products, requiring them to put clients’ best interests ahead of their own bottom lines. Tuesday’s arguments revolved around what is best for middle- and lower-income workers. Republicans, who control both chambers of Congress, say the rule will be expensive for brokers and force them to get rid of Main Street clients and small businesses that offer 401(k) plans. They also say the rule does not take into account existing regulations on financial advice.  Democrats say profit-hungry advisers have exploited middle- and lower-class workers by recommending retirement products that mostly serve to line their own pockets. Kicking off the debate, the most powerful Republican in the Senate, Kentucky’s Mitch McConnell, said blocking the rule would help “smaller savers.”  “I have sincere concerns about what this could mean for the ability of investment advisers to provide quality financial advice, but also for the ability of consumers to seek affordable retirement options,” he said. Nevada’s Harry Reid, the most powerful Democrat in the chamber, countered that there was nothing wrong with “a rule that would require investment advisers to act in the best interest of their investors.” One Republican, Georgia Senator Johnny Isakson, described the rule as “a solution in search of a problem,” while fellow party member Lamar Alexander of Tennessee said “we should call this the ‘Only the Rich Retire’ rule.” Democrat Cory Booker of New Jersey said the rule would allow people to “retire with dignity” and without worries that an “adviser will exploit you.” Fellow Democrat Patty Murray of Washington said: “Some financial advisers have lined their own pockets by steering clients toward complicated investments. Some have recommended that retirees make transactions that come with hidden fees. And some get commission when they sell a financial product, even if it doesn’t make sense for a client,” she said.  “We finally have a new protection that would right that wrong.”   ",1
9419,Bill to cloak U.S. 'dark money' seen as harmful to charity fraud fight,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Fighting charity fraud could become more difficult under a Republican bill in Congress to prohibit the U.S. Internal Revenue Service from collecting the names of top donors to charities and other nonprofit groups, critics warned on Tuesday. Meant to protect the privacy of wealthy individuals who make anonymous, or “dark money” donations to politically active nonprofit groups, the bill would eliminate a decades-old IRS donor-identity disclosure requirement for a range of tax-exempt groups that includes hospitals, universities, community and sports organizations. Backers of the legislation say donor lists have sometimes been disclosed to the public even though the names and addresses are supposed to be private.   In a related development, the IRS itself plans to propose new regulations eliminating donor-reporting requirements for most tax-exempt organizations, according to a document posted on a White House Office of Management and Budget website. It is unclear which groups would still be subject to disclosure under the regulations, which are expected in December.  But either move would deprive resource-strapped state law enforcement authorities of ready information used to look into wrongdoing by charities, state officials told Reuters. “It’s important forensic data to us state regulators. It’s evidence we can consider using in an investigation to determine whether a charity’s board has breached its fiduciary duty,” said Hugh Jones, deputy state attorney general for Hawaii. The Republican measure was approved by a tax committee in April and awaits a House of Representatives vote. If approved it would go next to the Senate, where its outlook was unclear.  With “dark money” and other forms of cash pouring into U.S. politics, the 2016 presidential contest is expected to cost $5 billion, double that of 2012. Campaign committees and political action committees raise most of that cash, but dark money, or spending whose sources are not disclosed, could exceed $500 million this year, up from only $6 million in 2004. Known as 501(c)s for the tax law section that covers them, these groups, under current law, must disclose donor information on a confidential basis to the IRS on Schedule B of tax Form 990. But they do not have to identify their donors publicly, which makes the groups attractive to wealthy, publicity-shy individuals with a political agenda to pursue. Representative Pete Roskam, an Illinois Republican steering the bill, said his measure is needed to protect 501(c) donors from having their identities leaked by the IRS. Such leaks could expose them to intimidation by political adversaries and infringe on their free-speech rights, he said. “The IRS is ill-equipped to deal with sensitive data, and there’s a great deal of vulnerability,” Roskam told Reuters. “Confidentiality breached chills First Amendment rights.”  IRS officials declined to comment. Although Roskam’s bill is geared to address the concerns of political donors, critics say it will have another impact. State authorities investigating charity fraud sometimes ask nonprofit groups for their Schedule B forms, which can help investigators spot conflicts of interest and suspicious movements of money and in-kind donations between charities.  “We would otherwise not have a clue that there was any relationship between charity A and charity B or charity C and D and E and F,” said Karl Emerson, former director of the Pennsylvania Bureau of Charitable Organizations. Experts said charity scams affect at least 1 percent of annual U.S. giving, or about $3.6 billion a year. Backers of the Roskam bill say Schedule B is not widely used in fraud inquiries. “I don’t know of one case where a fraud was proven by the IRS having had the Schedule B,” said David Bossie, president of the conservative group Citizens United. Bossie’s organization won a landmark 2010 Supreme Court case that opened the way to unlimited spending on political campaigns by individuals, corporations, unions and other groups.   Backers of the Roskam bill include Citizens United and billionaire industrialists Charles and David Koch, who donate to a number of politically active nonprofit groups. The Koch-backed Americans for Prosperity Foundation and other groups argue that government-mandated disclosure of Schedule B information to state authorities is unconstitutional. The groups have filed lawsuits to stop Democratic attorneys general in California and New York from obtaining Schedule Bs as a part of state-level nonprofit registration procedures. In its lawsuit against California Attorney General Kamala Harris, Americans for Prosperity said more than 1,400 Schedule Bs showed up on a public state website, court documents said. The Roskam bill would preserve some disclosure by requiring nonprofits to continue to report contributions from board members, officers and top salaried employees. ",1
9420,Virginia governor says confident campaign donor was legitimate,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Terry McAuliffe, Virginia’s Democratic governor, said on Tuesday said he was confident that a person at the center of an FBI investigation over contributions to his 2013 campaign was a legitimate donor. “I’m very confident this gentleman had been fully vetted,” McAuliffe told reporters, adding that he was shocked by the news of the investigation on Monday. He said his legal team checked every donor and “they feel ... very confident the guy is a legitimate donor.” ",1
9421,Louisiana governor to sign law making police killings hate crimes,"(Reuters) - Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards plans to sign legislation making it a hate crime to kill a police officer or another first responder, bolstering penalties for an offense that already qualifies for the state’s death penalty, his office said on Tuesday. The legislation adds language to an existing law enhancing penalties for crimes targeting people based on race, religion, gender, sexual orientation, and other identity categories to include “actual or perceived employment as a law enforcement officer, firefighter or emergency medical services personnel.”     Edwards, a Democrat whose relatives have served as law enforcement officers, is expected to sign the bill sometime this week. The state legislature unanimously approved the measure last week.  “Police officers and firefighters often perform life-saving acts of heroism, oftentimes under very dangerous circumstances, and are integral in maintaining order and civility in our society,” he said in a statement. “The members of the law enforcement community deserve these protections.”  Supporters say police officers are facing increased threats simply because they wear a badge. Advocates for the law have dubbed the Louisiana measure “Blue Lives Matter,” a reference to the color of uniforms often worn by police. The name draws on a prominent national movement, known as Black Lives Matter, which has generated wide protest over the killings of unarmed black citizens by police officers. Yet opponents argued that the bill was unnecessary because state law already makes it a capital offense to kill police officers in the course of duty. Critics say it could weaken the hate crimes law by including a professional distinction that a matter of choice, in contrast to the color of someone’s skin.  “Adding professional categories to the current Hate Crimes statue deters efforts from protecting against identity-based crimes,” Allison Padilla-Goodman, regional director of the Anti-Defamation League in the states of Louisiana, Mississippi, and Arkansas, said in a statement earlier this month. Louisiana would be the first state to use a hate crimes statute to enhance penalties for crimes against police officers, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures, but other states allow for similar outcomes using different approaches. ",1
9422,Senators renew push to overhaul military handling of sex assault,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A bipartisan group of U.S. senators renewed an effort on Tuesday to shift the military’s handling of sexual assault cases from top commanders to independent prosecutors, insisting that the current system has left victims too fearful of retaliation to report crimes. Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, a Democrat who has fought to overhaul the system for three years, introduced the legislation as an amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act, or NDAA, a must-pass annual bill that sets policy for the Pentagon. The measure failed to pass the Senate in March 2014, though Gillibrand, who sits on the armed services committee, said those votes were cast amid “false and misleading information” the Pentagon used to bolster its own argument. “We know far more now about the extent of the military sexual assault problem than we did a year ago, and it’s clear that nothing has changed,” Gillibrand said at a news conference alongside both Democratic and Republican senators. The current system requires military commanders to handle sexual assault cases within the ranks. Supporters of the bill say the system is flawed because commanders can be unwilling to prosecute such cases and victims, fearing retaliation, are often afraid to report them.  Top military leaders at the Pentagon contend that prosecutions must remain with commanders to maintain good order and discipline. “Nobody should be forced to go to their boss to report a rape,” Republican Senator Rand Paul said. The bill failed by 55-45 in 2014. Gillibrand said she has attempted to contact every senator who previously voted against the bill and is “very hopeful” the measure will this time gain the 60 votes needed to advance in the Senate. “I think many senators that we’ve spoken to are concerned, deeply concerned,” she said. “The military continues to say, ‘We got this,’ ... but it’s not shown in the data. It’s not shown in the survivors’ testimony.” She said the bill has not gotten support from Republican Senator John McCain, the chairman of the armed services committee, though she has spoken to him several times about the issue. Samantha Jackson, who said she was raped by her husband when he was in the Army, said the military told the U.S. attorney’s office they would investigate, only to drop her case without pursuing charges. Jackson called her treatment “a profound betrayal,” adding, “I don’t understand how the Army could fail to hold my rapist accountable.” ",1
9423,Republican push to impeach U.S. IRS chief hit by Democrats,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A hard-line Republican effort to impeach the top U.S. tax collector came under fire on Tuesday from Democrats who called it an unsubstantiated partisan attack that could undermine the credibility of Congress. Internal Revenue Service Commissioner John Koskinen faces  allegations before the House Judiciary Committee of ignoring congressional subpoenas and misleading lawmakers. The accusations stem from a 2013 scandal in which the IRS was criticized for targeting conservative Tea Party groups’ applications for tax-exempt status for extra scrutiny. Some Republicans want the Republican-controlled U.S. House of Representatives to vote on impeaching Koskinen before Congress leaves for its midyear break in July. Democrats oppose the effort.  “This resolution fails by every measure. It arises from the worst partisan instincts. It is not based in the facts,” Representative John Conyers said at the outset of the first of two Judiciary Committee hearings to examine charges against Koskinen. “When a vote for impeachment is divided on party lines ... we undermine our credibility,” added Conyers, the panel’s top Democrat. Koskinen angered critics by declining to testify, but submitted a statement saying the charges are without merit and fail to meet the constitutional impeachment standard of “treason, bribery or high crimes and misdemeanors.” In his absence, the committee heard from Republicans on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, which investigated the Tea Party scandal and concluded that Koskinen failed to preserve evidence that was later destroyed. “This is really a simple case in my mind. When Congress asks you a question, you’re expected to give a truthful answer. When Congress issues a subpoena, compliance is not optional,” House oversight panel Chairman Jason Chaffetz testified. Chaffetz described impeachment as the remedy Congress has for officials guilty of breaching the public trust. But Democrats noted that IRS and Federal Bureau of Investigation probes produced no evidence of criminal wrongdoing or deliberate efforts to mislead Congress. They said the case against Koskinen showed little more than agency mismanagement and misstatements. Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte offered no direct criticism of the impeachment push, but avoided using the term other than to name impeachment as one of several options that include “the power to write the laws, the power of the purse ... and the power to censure.”    ",1
9424,Lifting of Vietnam arms ban not aimed at China: Kerry,"HO CHI MINH CITY, Vietnam (Reuters) - Washington’s decision to lift its ban on the sale of lethal weapons to Vietnam is not aimed at China, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said on Tuesday, describing the move as “very normal” and not provocative. Kerry, who is accompanying President Barack Obama on a trip to Vietnam, also urged China to peacefully resolve disputes with its neighbours, including Vietnam, in the South China Sea. “Nothing we are doing here is focused on China,” Kerry told reporters in Ho Chi Minh City, a day after the lifting of a three-decade-old arms embargo on Vietnam. “That is very normal, not out of order and certainly not inflammatory,” he said, referring to the embargo. “I hope China will read this correctly because our hope is for normal respect for maritime law and for the relationships that are so key in this region.”     Kerry called on China to engage diplomatically with Vietnam and other neighbours to resolve disputes over territorial claims in the South China Sea. China’s island reclamation there has stoked tensions with the United States   “I would caution China, as President Obama and others have, to not unilaterally move to engage in reclamation activities and militarization of islands and areas that are part of the claims that are in contest,” Kerry added, repeating that the United States welcomed the rise of a strong China. “We’re not saying China is wrong in its claims, we’re simply saying resolve it peacefully, resolve it through a rules-based structure,” said Kerry. ",1
9425,"Democrats, seeking unity, give Sanders say in party platform","NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Democratic Party said on Monday it would give U.S. presidential contender Bernie Sanders a prominent say in writing its platform this year, a gesture that could ease tensions between Sanders’ camp and party leaders, whom Sanders has accused of favoring rival Hillary Clinton.  Sanders has remained steadfast in his long-shot battle with Clinton for the Democratic nomination for the Nov. 8 presidential election, even though he lags her in the delegate count with only a few state contests remaining. The divisiveness among the Democrats stands in contrast to the Republicans, whose party leaders are slowly rallying behind Donald Trump, their presumptive nominee. Sanders’ tenacity appeared to be paying off. The U.S. senator from Vermont will be allowed to name five members to the 15-member committee that writes the platform at the Democratic National Convention in late July in Philadelphia even if he is not the nominee. Clinton will name six. The party said in a statement the split was based on the results of state votes to date “in an effort to make this the most representative and inclusive process in history.” The party’s chairwoman, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, will name the committee’s final four members. The Democratic Party’s rules allow the chair to name all 15 members, suggesting the party was trying to accommodate Sanders and his fervent supporters, who still pack rallies by the thousands as he campaigns in California, which will hold its primary on June 7. Sanders did little to dispel the acrimony between himself and the party, which he joined only last year after more than two decades in Congress as an independent, when he said over the weekend he was endorsing Wasserman Schultz’s Democratic opponent in her Florida congressional district. On Monday, he repeated some of his criticisms of Clinton, who he has suggested is vulnerable to influence by corporate donors to her campaign, which she denies.  Sanders also told the Associated Press in an interview that if Democratic leaders open the convention’s doors “to working-class people and young people and create the kind of dynamism that the Democratic Party needs, it’s going to be messy.” “Democracy is not always nice and quiet and gentle but that is where the Democratic Party should go,” he added. The Clinton campaign said it was pleased to see Sanders represented, describing the party as a “big tent.” “Hillary Clinton is committed to continue welcoming different perspectives and ideas,” spokesman Brian Fallon said in a statement. Sanders, who has criticized Clinton for being too biased toward Israel, has named a pro-Palestinian activist and a prominent environmentalist among his picks for the committee. Clinton has said she now considers herself the de facto Democratic nominee. Increasingly, she has turned her attention to attacking Trump as a “bully” when speaking at campaign events while urging Sanders supporters to rally to her side. She told labor union members in Detroit on Monday that if elected, she would embrace issues important to Sanders’ supporters, including reform of campaign financing and reducing income inequality. Underlining Clinton’s confidence that she will become the Democratic candidate, her campaign said on Monday she would not participate in a debate with Sanders in California, despite having previously agreed to attend the event hosted by Fox News.     Trump is steadily escalating his criticism of both Hillary and Bill Clinton’s relationship with women, using rhetoric that has little precedent in U.S. presidential politics.  On Monday, Trump circulated a new online video that shows images of Bill Clinton, the former president, as voices of women play on the soundtrack saying he had assaulted them, before ending with the sound of Hillary Clinton, his wife, laughing. Although none of the women are identified in the video, one of the voices is that of Juanita Broaddrick in an NBC interview from 1999 in which the former nursing-home manager accused Bill Clinton of raping her in a hotel in Little Rock, Arkansas, in 1978. The Clintons’ lawyer, David Kendall, said in 1999 that the accusation was false. The Clintons have declined to discuss the accusation and are ignoring his personal attacks, with Hillary Clinton saying instead she will defend vulnerable Americans from the consequences of Trump’s proposals. “Trump economics is a recipe for lower wages, fewer jobs, more debt,” she told the union members on Monday. “He could bankrupt America like he bankrupted his companies. I mean, ask yourself: How can anybody lose money running a casino, really?” ",1
9426,Vietnamese dissident says prevented by police from meeting Obama,"HANOI (Reuters) - A prominent critic of the Vietnamese government said he was taken by police from his home early on Tuesday so that he would be unable to meet U.S. President Barack Obama in Hanoi with other civil society figures. Nguyen Quang A said he was forced into a car by a group of police officers, driven out of the capital, and kept away for 5-1/2 hours.  During this time, Obama met six civil society leaders and later said several people had been prevented from meeting him. Obama said that despite great strides made by Vietnam, Washington had concerns about the limits it puts on political freedom. ",1
9427,Obama says several Vietnam activists prevented from meeting him,"HANOI (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama said several civil society members in Vietnam were prevented from meeting him on Tuesday and that, despite great strides made by the country, Washington still had concerns about the limits it puts on political freedom. Obama said during a meeting with about six activists that there were “significant areas of concern” about political freedom and praised those Vietnamese who were “willing to make their voices heard”. Obama announced on Monday the end of an arms ban on Vietnam, which Washington had long said hinged on the extent to which the country’s human rights record had improved. ",1
9428,Facebook changes policies on 'Trending Topics' after criticism,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Facebook Inc (FB.O) said on Monday that it had changed some of the procedures for its “Trending Topics” section after a news report alleging it suppressed conservative news prompted a U.S. Congressional demand for more transparency. The company said an internal probe showed no evidence of political bias in the selection of news stories for Trending Topics, a feature that is separate from the main “news feed” where most Facebook users get their news. But the world’s largest social network said in a blogpost that it was introducing several changes, including elimination of a top-ten list of approved websites, more training and clearer guidelines to help human editors avoid ideological or political bias, and more robust review procedures. Earlier this month, a former Facebook contractor had accused the company’s editors of deliberately suppressing conservative news. The allegations were reported by technology news website Gizmodo, which did not identify the ex-contractor.  The report led Republican Sen. John Thune to write a letter demanding that the company explain how it selects news articles for its Trending Topics list. (bit.ly/1Tvv3Nm) Two days after Thune’s letter, Facebook published a lengthy blogpost detailing how Trending Topics works even though it rarely discloses such practices. Previously, it had never discussed the inner workings of the feature, which displays topics and news articles in the top right hand corner of the desktop homepage for its more than 1.6 billion users. Facebook said its investigation showed that conservative and liberal topics were approved as trending topics at nearly identical rates. It said it was unable to substantiate any allegations of politically motivated suppression of particular subjects or sources. But it did not rule out human error in selecting topics. “Our investigation could not fully exclude the possibility of isolated improper actions or unintentional bias in the implementation of our guidelines or policies,” Colin Stretch, Facebook’s General Counsel, wrote in a company blogpost.  Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg met last week with more than a dozen conservative politicians and media personalities to discuss issues of trust in the social network. In his letter, Thune had called on Facebook to respond to the criticism and sought answers by May 24 to several questions about its internal practices. “Any attempt by a neutral and inclusive social media platform to censor or manipulate political discussion is an abuse of trust and inconsistent with the values of an open internet,” Thune said. ",1
9429,"U.S., Vietnam agree to allow Peace Corps into Vietnam for first time","HANOI (Reuters) - The United States and Vietnam on Tuesday signed an agreement allowing the U.S. Peace Corps to work in the country for the first time. The signing, which comes amid a historic three-day visit by President Barack Obama, follows more than a decade of negotiations between the two countries to establish a Peace Corps operation in Vietnam. The program, which is expected to begin over the next two years, allows Peace Corps volunteers to teach English in schools in the country’s two largest cities, Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City, said Peace Corps Director Carrie Hessler-Radelet, who signed the agreement with Vietnam’s ambassador to the United States, Pham Quang Vinh. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, who was present for the signing, said the agreement marked a further normalizing of relations between the United States and Vietnam. “For 20 years now we have had what we call a normal relationship,” said Kerry, who in 1968 served as a young U.S. naval officer in the Vietnam War.  “This is normal, having the Peace Corps being able to move forward, having young Americans come here, not always young, to be able to teach English in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh is the next step forward to building the relationship between the United States and Vietnam,” he added. After the signing, Hessler-Radelet turned to Kerry saying: “You’ve waited for this for a long time.” ",1
9430,House rejects bill requiring carriers to share phone location,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives voted down on Monday a measure that would have compelled cell phone carriers to disclose a phone’s location with law enforcement in the event of an emergency, amid a last-minute lobbying effort from privacy advocates opposed to it. Lawmakers voted 229-158 to pass the Kelsey Smith Act, falling short of the two-thirds threshold necessary due to rules invoked to expedite the bill’s vote. The rejection was considered surprising, as House leadership rarely schedules a vote on legislation it is not confident will pass. However, Civil liberties groups aggressively opposed the bill on Monday, arguing that while well intended, it would create a warrant loophole and could lead to expanded government surveillance.  R Street, a libertarian-leaning think tank, said phone companies already possess the authority to share cell phone location data in emergency situations and did so frequently, making the legislation largely unnecessary. The bill is named after a deceased 18-year-old Kansas woman who disappeared following a visit to a local Target store in 2007. Smith was found murdered four days later only after Verizon, her cell phone provider, shared the location of her phone with authorities, according to Representative Kevin Yoder, a Kansas Republican and author of the bill. “While I’m disappointed in tonight’s outcome, I look forward to the bill being brought back to the House floor when a simple majority vote can get it passed.” Yoder said in a statement. Smith’s parents were in attendance in the House chamber during the vote, according to Yoder’s office. More than 20 states have already adopted versions of the law since Smith’s death. ",1
9431,Clinton turns down Fox News offer to debate Sanders again,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Hillary Clinton, the front-runner in the race for the Democratic presidential nomination, turned down on Monday an invitation by Fox News to debate rival Bernie Sanders in California, despite having agreed previously to a debate in May. “We believe that Hillary Clinton’s time is best spent campaigning and meeting directly with voters across California and preparing for a general election campaign that will ensure the White House remains in Democratic hands,” her campaign said in a statement. Sanders had already agreed to participate in the event to be hosted by Fox News, following a series of heated exchanges during their fifth debate in April in New York. “I am disappointed but not surprised by Secretary Clinton’s unwillingness to debate before the largest and most important primary in the presidential nominating process,” Sanders said in a statement. The U.S. senator from Vermont has remained steadfast in his long-shot battle with Clinton for the Democratic nomination for the Nov. 8 presidential election, although he lags her in the delegate count with only a few state contests remaining.”Naturally, Fox News is disappointed that Secretary Clinton has declined our debate invitation,” Bill Sammon, Fox News vice president and Washington managing editor, said in a statement, “especially given that the race is still contested and she had previously agreed to a final debate before the California primary.” California holds its primary on June 7.    ",1
9432,Judge halts Ohio law that blocked funds for Planned Parenthood,"CLEVELAND (Reuters) - A federal judge in Cincinnati temporarily blocked the implementation of a state law that would have effectively de-funded 28 Ohio Planned Parenthood clinics, in a ruling on Monday. U.S. District Judge Michael Barrett granted a two-week stay halting the diversion of federal funding in a ruling on a May 11 lawsuit filed by Planned Parenthood of Greater Ohio and Southwest Ohio. The Ohio law signed in February by Republican Governor John Kasich stripped $1.3 million in federal taxpayer funds from any healthcare organization that provides abortion services. The law was scheduled to go into effect on Monday. The new rules affected funding for Planned Parenthood programs for mothers’ and infants’ health, HIV counseling and testing, and sex education. Planned Parenthood offers abortions in some of its Ohio clinics, but not all of them. In a 20-page opinion, Barrett said the law was enacted to make it difficult for women to obtain an abortion, and said that Planned Parenthood had shown it could successfully win its legal action. He wrote that Planned Parenthood would be “forced to end health care and education programs and terminate employees, depriving thousands of Ohioans of high-quality, affordable health care services and education programs.” Ohio already has a law barring the use of state funding for abortions. The lawsuit was one of a number of legal actions filed by Planned Parenthood over access to healthcare at its centers since mid-2015, when anti-abortion activists began releasing videos purporting to show group officials negotiating prices for aborted fetal tissue. Ohio Right to Life president Mike Gonidakis chastised Barrett as an “activist judge” for the ruling. “Despite the will of the people, Planned Parenthood will continue to feed at the trough of taxpayer dollars for another two weeks. Today, Planned Parenthood’s greed and power are on full display in Ohio,” Gonidakis said in a statement. Jerry Lawson, chief executive of Planned Parenthood Southwest Ohio, applauded the ruling. “This ruling is a victory for the tens of thousands of Ohioans that rely on Planned Parenthood for care each year,” he said in a statement. Planned Parenthood attorneys had argued that the new law would be an unconstitutional burden on abortion rights and that it violated the equal protection clause by treating the organization differently from other healthcare providers. ",1
9433,Leading House conservative wants IRS chief impeached,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The head of a hard-line Republican conservative faction in the U.S. Congress wants to impeach the nation’s top tax officer and said lawmakers could do this without accusing him of any crime. Internal Revenue Service Commissioner John Koskinen should be impeached within weeks, said Jim Jordan, chairman of the House of Representatives Freedom Caucus, in an interview. Jordan’s demand comes amid numerous Republican attacks on the IRS in recent months. Bashing the tax-collecting agency is a perennial Capitol Hill practice, but Jordan and a handful of other conservatives have been pushing it further than usual. He said Jordan could be impeached simply because he had betrayed the trust put in him by the U.S. public to carry out his job correctly. “When someone violates the public trust in such a way as this individual has, and that agency has, then that’s what warrants ... impeachment,” Jordan said. Impeachment is a formal charge of wrongdoing for a trial that would occur in the Senate, where a two-thirds vote is necessary for removal from office. Republicans control only 54 of the 100 Senate seats, making such a vote unlikely. Asked when the House should act, the Ohio Republican replied: “I hope before we leave for the summer break.”    The IRS said in a statement that Koskinen has provided Congress with full cooperation and truthful testimony and remains focused on serving U.S. taxpayers. On Tuesday, Republicans will detail their complaints about Koskinen at a House Judiciary Committee hearing. Never popular with lawmakers, the IRS angered Republicans in 2013-2014 in a controversy over its handling of applications from conservative political groups for tax-exempt status. The episode caused a shake-up of top IRS personnel. Koskinen was brought in by the Obama administration in late 2013 to restore order. But the House has since approved several bills attacking the IRS and its budget has been sharply cut.      Jordan said a second hearing in June would be about determining the standard for impeachment. The grounds for impeachment listed in the Constitution are “treason, bribery or other high crimes and misdemeanors.” Koskinen has declined an invitation to testify on Tuesday. He is accused of failing to comply with a congressional subpoena and misleading investigators. Republicans have said his inaction resulted in the destruction of thousands of key emails. Up to now, impeachment has been used against two presidents, a cabinet secretary, a senator and 15 federal judges, according to the Congressional Research Service.   ",1
9434,Senate poised to vote to repeal new retirement advice rule,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate on Tuesday will take up, and likely pass, a resolution to repeal a new Labor Department rule aimed at protecting retirement savers from profit-hungry brokers, a move that President Barack Obama has threatened to veto. A notice sent to senators on Monday showed that a debate and vote on the resolution were scheduled for Tuesday morning, less than a week before the chamber recesses for the Memorial Day holiday. The vote requires a simple majority, which Republicans command in both houses of Congress. The House of Representatives passed its version of the resolution last month, in a vote along party lines.  But the resolution will have a short life span. Obama has threatened to veto legislation undoing a key financial initiative of his second term. His administration in April released the rule to set a fiduciary standard for financial brokers who sell retirement products, requiring them to put clients’ best interests ahead of their bottom lines.  Republican leaders and some in the financial industry said complying with the rule would be expensive for brokers and result in higher costs for retirement advice that many Americans could not afford. They also said the rule did not take into account other laws and regulations on financial advice. The Senate fight started early, with Senator Elizabeth Warren, a Democrat from Massachusetts, saying on Monday that Republicans wanted to “make it easier - easier - for giant Wall Street financial institutions to cheat Americans out of their retirement savings.” Speaking on the Senate floor, the advocate for stricter financial regulation also said the vote was motivated by election-year politics and that the resolution “will sure help fill up the campaign accounts of the Republican senators who vote for it.” ",1
9435,U.S. justices rule against Virginia Republicans in black voters case,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Supreme Court on Monday let stand a lower court ruling that Virginia’s Republican-led legislature unlawfully considered race when drawing U.S. congressional districts by packing black voters into one in a move opponents said diluted black electoral clout. The case focused on the composition of a majority-black U.S. House of Representatives district, stretching from Richmond to Norfolk, held by the only black member of Virginia’s congressional delegation, Democrat Bobby Scott. The justices ruled 8-0 against a group of current and former Republican U.S. House members who challenged a June 2015 lower court ruling that invalidated the district’s boundaries after several voters who lived there filed suit in 2013. Virginia’s Democratic attorney general decided not to appeal the 2015 ruling, but the Republican lawmakers took up the case. The Supreme Court on Monday found that those lawmakers lacked legal standing to bring the case in part because they could not show they were harmed by the lower court decision. The voters who sued in 2013 said Scott’s district was racially “gerrymandered” by state legislators in 2012 to cram black voters into it and reduce black influence in neighboring districts in violation of the U.S. Voting Rights Act and the U.S. Constitution’s guarantee of equal protection under the law. Michele Jawando, a lawyer with the liberal advocacy group Center for American Progress, called the ruling “good news not only for Virginia voters and voting advocates, but also for other states currently dealing with constitutional issues around their congressional district maps.” “A just and fair democracy necessitates that all voters can access the ballot without worrying about political games and racial discrimination,” Jawando added. Democrats have accused Republican legislators around the country of drawing electoral maps to minimize the influence of black and Hispanic voters, who tend to cast ballots for Democratic candidates. Republicans have accused Democrats in Democratic-led states of using the so-called redistricting process to minimize the clout of Republican-leaning voters. Following the 2015 ruling, the boundaries of an adjoining district, currently represented by white Republican Randy Forbes, were redrawn to add some black voters from Scott’s district. This could make the district a possible Democratic pickup in the Nov. 8 election. Forbes is one of the Republicans who appealed to the Supreme Court. Two of the others, Robert Wittman and David Brat, said they had legal standing to bring the case because their chances of re-election would be reduced by having more Democratic voters in their districts. ",1
9436,North Korean envoy rejects Trump overture to meet leader,"GENEVA (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s proposal to meet North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is a “kind of propaganda or advertisement” in his election race, a senior North Korean official said on Monday. Trump, in a wide-ranging interview with Reuters in New York last week, said he is willing to talk to the North Korean leader to try to stop Pyongyang’s nuclear program, proposing a major shift in U.S. policy toward the isolated nation. “It is up to the decision of my Supreme Leader whether he decides to meet or not, but I think his (Trump’s) idea or talk is nonsense,” So Se Pyong, North Korea’s ambassador to the United Nations in Geneva, told Reuters on return from Pyongyang after attending the first ruling party congress in 36 years. “It’s for utilization of the presidential election, that’s all. A kind of a propaganda or advertisement,” he said. “This is useless, just a gesture for the presidential election.” “There is no meaning, no sincerity,” So added. As a candidate, U.S. President Barack Obama made unfulfilled campaign promises to meet the leader of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (DPRK), he said. North Korea conducted a fourth nuclear test in January and launched a long-range rocket in February, triggering tougher international sanctions and the adoption of a more hardline position by South Korean President Park Geun-hye. So, who is also North Korea’s ambassador to the U.N.-backed Conference on Disarmament, reiterated that his country was prepared to return to stalled six-party talks on its nuclear program. China and Russia backed the idea, but the United States and its allies South Korea and Japan reject it, he said. “As a responsible nuclear state ... we will never use them first,” So said. “If the United States use their nuclear weapons first, then we have to use also that one.”  “If the United States gives up their hostile policies and changes their attitude, then we also (can) have relations as a normal country,” So said. “To South Korea, we proposed high-level military talks but South Korea refused now.” South Korea dismissed on Monday a North Korean proposal for military talks as “a bogus peace offensive” and said it was formally rejecting the overture because it lacked a plan to end the North’s nuclear program. So said that North Korea would not share nuclear technology with other countries. “As a responsible nuclear state, we keep and observe the obligations of non-proliferation of nuclear technology”. ",1
9437,"Sanders rejects deal on Puerto Rico, offers alternative","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic presidential candidate and U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders on Monday rejected a bipartisan deal reached in the House of Representatives on legislation to address Puerto Rico’s debt crisis, calling it a concession to Wall Street. Breaking with the Obama administration, Sanders called on Senate colleagues to instead back an alternative he has proposed to allow the U.S. territory the same access to restructure its debt in bankruptcy court that is afforded to municipalities. Lawmakers in the U.S. House of Representatives last week unveiled a bill, hammered out in talks between lawmakers from both parties, that included a framework for restructuring Puerto Rico’s $70 billion in debt and putting the island’s financial operations under the control of a federal oversight board. A House vote is expected in the first week of June, ahead of a $1.9 billion debt payment due on July 1, but any legislation would have to clear the Senate as well. Democratic congressional leaders have acknowledged disagreements with some parts of the bill but said negotiations had led to a workable compromise, and the Obama administration has urged Congress to quickly pass it. “It is critical that Congress pass this as there are very significant bond payments due in July,” U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said last week. “Time is of the essence.” Sanders’ rival for the Democratic nomination, Hillary Clinton, has also backed the legislation. But Sanders, who represents Vermont as an independent but who caucuses with Democrats, said Wall Street would benefit at the expense of Puerto Rico’s workers. “This legislation looks out for the needs of Wall Street vulture funds first and foremost. That is unacceptable,” he wrote in a letter to Senate colleagues on Monday. He cited provisions exempting residents from new overtime protections and allowing minimum wage on the island to dip to $4.25 for a period of up to five years, far lower than the U.S. minimum wage of $7.25.  Instead, Sanders said the U.S. Federal Reserve and Treasury Department could find other solutions, such as providing loans to Puerto Rico’s electric authority and water agency, and directly purchasing new bonds issued by the U.S. commonwealth. (Refiles to add dropped letter in “Representatives,” paragraph 1.) ",1
9438,Virginia GOP sues governor over restoring voting rights to felons,"RICHMOND (Reuters) - Virginia Republicans on Monday sued to nullify Democratic Governor Terry McAuliffe’s order restoring voting rights to 206,000 felons, a move that could affect the November presidential election. The lawsuit in the Virginia Supreme Court asked justices to require the voting registrars not to sign up felons based on McAuliffe’s April 22 order and to cancel felons’ registrations since the order was issued. Republicans argued that McAuliffe’s order was unconstitutional. The lawsuit was headed by leaders of the Republican-controlled state legislature. “The Governor is authorized to restore the voting rights of any convicted felon through an individualized grant of clemency, but he may not issue a blanket restoration of voting rights,” the lawsuit said. Virginia is considered a key swing state in the 2016 election. The governor’s order could tip the balance in favor of the Democratic candidate who wins the party’s nomination. House Speaker William Howell said in a statement that  McAuliffe’s order violated 240 years of practice. “Governor McAuliffe’s executive order defies the plain text of the Constitution, flouts the separation of powers, and has no precedent in the annals of Virginia history,” Howell said. McAuliffe and other Democrats have hailed the restoration of rights to felons who have served their sentences and completed probation as being long overdue. Since signing the order, McAuliffe has said that nearly 80 percent of the felons whose rights were restored are nonviolent offenders who have been free for more than a decade. Caucasian felons made up 51.5 percent of the total whose rights were restored, and African-Americans 45.9 percent. Before McAuliffe’s order, felons had to petition the governor individually for restoration of their voting rights.  About two dozen states have eased restrictions on felons casting ballots over the past two decades, according to the Sentencing Project, a prison reform advocacy group. ",1
9439,"Looming U.S. abortion ruling could be 'dangerous,' says top attorney","NEW YORK (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - As a Supreme Court decision on abortion rights is highly anticipated in the United States, few are as uniquely positioned to assess its impact as reproductive rights attorney Kathryn Kolbert, who argued the last major abortion case before the high court. In that 1992 challenge, the landmark Roe v. Wade ruling legalizing abortion survived, but the Supreme Court allowed for such state regulations as waiting periods. The decision was written by Justices Sandra Day O’Connor and David Souter, who have retired, and Justice Anthony Kennedy. Kennedy is seen as pivotal in the current case which picks up, in a sense, where the earlier case, Planned Parenthood v. Casey, left off. This time, the court is deciding if Texas has created an undue burden for women by imposing stiff regulations on abortion clinics and doctors. Critics say the rules are a backdoor means to restrict access to abortion, known as TRAP laws. More than half of Texas’ clinics have closed, leaving fewer than 20, advocates say, to serve the state of 27 million people. Hardest hit have been rural, poor women for whom distance and cost have put abortions out of reach, they say. Supporters of the laws say they protect women’s health, however. The regulations require clinics to upgrade to hospital standards and doctors performing abortions to have formal agreements to admit patients to local hospitals.  Kolbert, who heads the Athena Center for Leadership Studies at New York’s Barnard College, talked with the Thomson Reuters Foundation about the Supreme Court and abortion rights. She co-founded the Center for Reproductive Law and Policy, which is representing Whole Women’s Health, the chain of clinics challenging the Texas regulations. THOMSON REUTERS FOUNDATION: It seems the issues being addressed in the Texas case come out of the Casey case, that the regulations are an undue burden. KOLBERT: The main issue in the case is how the undue burden standard will be interpreted going forward. The whole question comes down to Justice Kennedy and how he sees that standard, and he frankly is much more in the middle. Does he come back to what he articulated in Casey, or is he pushed a little bit to the right with the influence of the other justices? For me, the biggest concern is Justice O’Connor, who he clearly listened to, is no longer on the court. TRF: What do you think in essence underlies the abortion issue? KOLBERT: It’s an issue that ties together the coalitions on the right, the fundamentalists, the Catholics, the people who basically are business conservatives. It’s about power. It’s about equality. There’s a lot of pushback in America still about giving women the ability to go beyond what they are, their life as a wife and mother, which is the culturally dominant view.  TRF: TRAP laws are often hard to explain because they seem so benign. KOLBERT: That’s a strategy. Those who are writing these restrictions are looking for things that sound reasonable but in practice are incredibly problematic for women, particularly those who have less political power. So young women and poor women are the first that are going to be affected negatively. If you look at every restriction that’s been introduced since 1973, they are all under the guise of reasonableness. TRF: Texas is the case being tested. Is it safe to say there are similar situations in other states? KOLBERT: All over the country, yes. Frankly, if this is upheld the same statute will be enacted in 25 states within three years. That’s what makes it so dangerous. TRF: What are the possibilities of what the Supreme Court could do? KOLBERT: Remember the court has got only eight justices right now, so the option is really one of three. We win five to three, which means that we have (Justice Elena) Kagan, (Justice Stephen) Breyer, (Justice Sonia) Sotomayor, (Justice Ruth) Ginsberg and Kennedy.... Kennedy wrote Casey, so that’s a reasonable assumption. The second possibility is that the court would not make a decision right now and would send the case back for taking of additional evidence ... which is what I think of as looking for an out. They could remand the case for a determination of whether or not there are a sufficient number of clinics within the state to handle the excess capacity of women needing abortions that would happen when you close so many clinics. So we could win, there could be an ‘out’ or we could lose. If the court divided four-four..., then the lower court decision would be upheld. That would be interpreted as a major win for the anti-abortion groups, and we would see laws like this in every state in the country. TRF: If you had to put your money on any of those three options, which one do you see more likely? KOLBERT: I certainly hope that we can keep Justice Kennedy. If not, then I think they’ll send it back for more evidence. TRF: What’s it like to argue a case before the Supreme Court?  KOLBERT: It’s pretty awesome, it’s scary. For me though it was all about the women we were representing. It’s the doctors and the clinics, the providers who do the hard work, who meet with women facing unintended pregnancies every single day. It was being able to be a spokesperson for them and to explain their plight and explain what they’re going through that was the most gratifying part of the job. ",1
9440,Sanders steps up feud with Democratic establishment,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders cranked up his fight with party leaders on Sunday, backing a challenger to the Democratic National Committee’s chairwoman and accusing the party’s establishment of trying to anoint Hillary Clinton as the nominee for president. In a series of television interviews, Sanders remained defiant despite what he acknowledged was an uphill fight to overtake front-runner Clinton.  Clinton has said she already considers herself the de facto nominee and is increasingly turning her attention to Donald Trump, saying on Sunday that the rhetoric of the presumptive Republican nominee was dangerous. Sanders told ABC’s “This Week” program that Americans should not have to choose between “the lesser of two evils” in the Nov. 8 election. Sanders said that if he won the White House, he would not reappoint U.S. Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz as DNC chairwoman. He also endorsed law professor Tim Canova, who is challenging the Florida congresswoman in the August Democratic primary. “Do I think she is the kind of chair that the Democratic Party needs? No, I don’t,” Sanders told CBS’ “Face the Nation.” “Frankly, what the Democratic Party is about is running around to rich people’s homes and raising obscene sums of money from wealthy people. What we need to do is to say to working-class people – we are on your side,” he said. The defiant tone by Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, has worried some Democrats anxious to see Clinton begin to unify the party and turn her attention to an election showdown with Trump. Clinton painted Trump as a risk of the sort voters had not seen before in an interview with NBC’s “Meet the Press” that aired on Sunday. “I do not want Americans, and, you know, good-thinking Republicans, as well as Democrats and independents, to start to believe that this is a normal candidacy,” she said. “It isn’t.”  Trump has gained ground in opinion polls as Republicans begin to rally around his candidacy. A Washington Post-ABC News poll released on Sunday showed Trump with a 2-point lead over Clinton, within the margin of error. In early March, Clinton led Trump by 9 points in the same poll. But Sanders has ignored growing Democratic calls to step aside and repeated his vow to stay in the race until the party’s July 25-28 nominating convention in Philadelphia despite Clinton’s nearly insurmountable lead in pledged convention delegates who will choose the nominee. He said he wanted to do away with superdelegates - party leaders who are free to support any candidate. Their rush to back Clinton even before votes had been cast amounted to “an anointment process,” Sanders said. He promised to influence the party platform and party rules even if he was not the nominee, but said if Clinton did not move toward his views on reining in Wall Street, reducing income equality and other issues, “she’s going to have her problems.” “I don’t want to see the American people voting for the lesser of two evils. I want the American people to be voting for a vision of economic justice, of social justice, of environmental justice, of racial justice,” he said on ABC. After Sanders’ endorsement of her opponent, Wasserman Schultz said in a statement that she would remain neutral in the  Democratic presidential race. Democratic worries about party unity were exacerbated by last weekend’s state party convention in Nevada, where unhappy Sanders supporters disrupted the proceedings in a dispute over rules. That raised fears about possible chaos at the national convention in Philadelphia. But Sanders disputed media reports describing the Nevada incident as violent. “What happened is people were rude, that’s not good, they were booing, that’s not good, they behaved in some ways that were a little bit boorish, not good, but let’s not talk about that as violence,” he said on ABC. Sanders said he was not encouraging protests at the Philadelphia convention, “but of course people have the right to peacefully assemble and make their views heard.”     Clinton said in the NBC interview that she would talk to Sanders about his policy demands and take them into account “when he’s ready to talk.” ",1
9441,Obama confident Pacific trade deal will be approved,"HANOI (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama said on Monday he was confident a Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal he has championed will be approved by U.S. legislators, to the benefit of the world. Obama, on a Visit to Vietnam, told a news conference the TPP was a good deal for U.S. business and it would give the United States the ability to engage on issues of concern. He said he had not seen a credible argument that the deal, which will group 12 economies, would hurt U.S. business. ",1
9442,U.S defense secretary apologizes after American charged in Japanese woman's death,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter called his Japanese counterpart on Saturday to express regrets after an American working at a U.S. military base in Japan was arrested on suspicion of dumping the body of a Japanese woman. The case in Okinawa has sparked a protest from Tokyo and could add to resentment of the large U.S. military presence on the island, where Japanese have long been upset by crimes committed by Americans. It also is likely to stir anti-U.S. sentiment as President Barack Obama visits Japan next week. In his call to Japanese Defense Minister Gen Nakatani, Carter “extended his sincere apologies to the victim’s family and friends,” Defense Department spokesman Peter Cook said in a statement. “He also expressed his sympathies to the people of Japan,” the statement said.  A 32-year-old American working at the base on Okinawa admitted to abandoning the corpse of a 20-year-old Japanese woman but did not comment about whether he had killed her, an Okinawa police spokesman said earlier this week. The Pentagon has said the man was a contractor but did not name him. The Pentagon statement said the Defense Department would cooperate with the Japanese government in the investigation and work to prevent similar incidents. Obama is going to Japan for a Group of Seven summit and also will become the first U.S. president to visit Hiroshima, a city destroyed by a U.S. atomic bomb 71 years ago in World War Two. Okinawa, the site of a bloody World War Two battle, hosts the bulk of U.S. military forces based in Japan since the war     with U.S. installations taking up about 18 percent of the island. Earlier this year, a U.S. serviceman stationed in Okinawa was arrested on suspicion of raping a woman. In the most infamous post-war case involving Americans on Okinawa, three American servicemen raped a 12-year-old girl in 1995. ",1
9443,Trump rallies gun owners with fiery anti-Clinton speech,"LOUISVILLE, Ky. (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump assured gun owners on Friday he would protect their constitutional right to bear arms and eliminate gun-free zones if elected, accusing Democrat Hillary Clinton of wanting to weaken gun rights. Trump, who will almost certainly be the Republican presidential nominee, picked up the endorsement of the National Rifle Association, a politically powerful lobbying group which claims more than 4 million members.  Trump’s remarks at the NRA’s national convention in Louisville, Kentucky, were not a surprise, but they could solidify his status among conservatives who see protecting the U.S. Constitution’s Second Amendment as a top priority.  Trump also planned to meet on Monday with U.S. Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee, a source close to the Trump campaign said. The two are expected to consult on foreign policy. The source said Corker remains on Trump’s list of potential vice presidential running mates. Clinton, who is close to clinching the Democratic Party’s nomination for the Nov. 8 election, has vowed to take on the gun lobby and expand gun control measures to include comprehensive background checks for gun buyers, including at open-air gun shows and online. Trump, who is trying to unite the Republican Party behind him after a brutal primary battle, accused Clinton, a former secretary of state to President Barack Obama, of wanting to end the 2nd Amendment, which says in part that the people’s right to keep and bear arms “shall not be infringed.”  “Hillary Clinton wants to abolish the Second Amendment, not change it; she wants to abolish it,” Trump said. Clinton campaign senior policy adviser Maya Harris said Trump is peddling falsehoods and denounced “Donald Trump’s conspiracy theories.” She said Clinton believes there are “common-sense steps we can take at the federal level to keep guns out of the hands of criminals” while protecting the Second Amendment. Trump told the NRA he would eliminate gun-free zones imposed in some areas, noting that the 2015 shooting deaths of four U.S. Marines at an armed forces recruiting center in Chattanooga, Tennessee, took place in a gun-free zone. “The Second Amendment is on the ballot in November,” he said. “The only way to save our Second Amendment is to vote for a person you know: Donald Trump.” The NRA’s convention took place on the same day that a man brandished a gun at a checkpoint near the White House in Washington and was shot and wounded by a law enforcement officer. The New York billionaire’s NRA speech was another step in his drive to make more conservatives comfortable with his candidacy. Earlier this week, he released a list of 11 potential Supreme Court nominees who are conservative jurists, a step well-received on the right. Many conservatives, who had backed other Republican candidates in the 2016 race, worry that Trump is a closet liberal on many issues. But Chris Cox, executive director of the NRA’s Institute for Legislative Action, said it was time for them to get over their qualms about the 69-year-old candidate. “If your preferred candidate is out of the race, it’s time to get over it,” Cox told the NRA audience. “Are there valid arguments in favor of some over others? Sure. Will any of it matter if Hillary wins in November? Not one bit.” In another step toward trying to unify the party, Cox has invited members of Congress to a “small roundtable discussion” with one of Trump’s sons, Donald Trump Jr., on Wednesday at the Capitol Hill Club near the U.S. Capitol, a copy of the invitation said.  ",1
9444,Trump loaned White House campaign $7.5 million as he nears Republican nomination,"(Reuters) - Donald Trump raised $1.7 million from donors and loaned his White House campaign $7.5 million in April as he moved closer to becoming the Republican nominee for president, according to documents filed with the U.S. Federal Election Commission (FEC) on Friday. The New York businessman had loaned his campaign a total of $43.5 million as of the end of April, the filings showed. More recently, he has made moves to build up his fundraising operation with an eye toward the Nov. 8 general election. Trump became the Republican Party’s presumptive nominee in early May, when both of his rivals dropped out of the race. Trump self-funded much of his primary run, but he has said he will not rely as heavily on his own money for the general election, when he will face the Democratic nominee. Both people seeking the Democratic nomination have raised more than Trump. Hillary Clinton, the party’s front-runner, brought in $26.4 million in April, including funds from a joint fundraising effort with the Democratic Party.  An outside Super PAC supporting her campaign raised $8.6 million. A Super PAC is a fund-raising group that must operate separate from political campaigns but can raise unlimited sums. U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders, Clinton’s rival for the Democratic nomination, raised $26.9 million in April. He has disavowed Super PACs. Trump has criticized them too, though a long-time Republican operative in May joined one Super PAC backing the real estate mogul. In May, Trump hired investor Steven Mnuchin as his national finance chairman and entered a joint fundraising deal with the Republican National Committee that will allow donors to write much bigger checks. Friday’s FEC filings do not reflect these moves, but they show that Trump’s fundraising dipped in April, after he brought in about $3 million and loaned himself $11.5 million in March.  He also spent less in April, $9.4 million compared with $13.8 million a month earlier, when more states held nominating contests. Trump spent $2.6 million on advertising in April, less than half the $6.3 million he spent in March. By comparison, Sanders spent $17.3 million and Clinton spent $9.3 million on advertising in April.     Trump’s consulting and payroll spending also dropped about 30 percent to a total $1.7 million in April, even as he added experienced political staff. At the end of March, he hired veteran Republican strategist Paul Manafort.      Trump ended April with $2.4 million on hand, after starting the month with $2.1 million at the ready. ",1
9445,Some in Oklahoma statehouse urge Obama impeachment over bathroom rule,"OKLAHOMA CITY (Reuters) - Republican state lawmakers in Oklahoma have introduced a resolution urging the state’s congressional delegation to start an effort to impeach President Barack Obama over a White House recommendation that schools accommodate transgender students. The Obama administration told U.S. public schools last week that transgender students must be allowed to use the bathroom of their choice. The recommendation upset Republicans and raised the likelihood of fights over federal funding and legal authority. The Oklahoma resolution, introduced on Thursday night, calls on the state’s members of the U.S. House of Representatives to file articles of impeachment against Obama, the U.S. attorney general, the U.S. secretary of education and others over the policy. A vote has not yet been scheduled on the resolution. Legal experts told local media the impeachment call is on shaky ground since the recommendation offered non-binding guidance and did not have the force of law. Lawmakers in the socially conservative state took up another measure on Friday that would allow students to claim a religious right to have separate but equal bathrooms and changing facilities to segregate them from transgender students. That bill, introduced on Thursday night and referred to a Senate committee on Friday, could force schools into costly construction, which would be difficult for them to complete after lawmakers significantly cut education funding to plug a $1.3 billion state budget shortfall.  State Representative John Bennett, a Republican, said in a statement the White House policy was “biblically wrong,” and a violation of state sovereignty. The Oklahoma bill would allow for segregation at school restrooms, athletic changing facilities and showers if a request is made to accommodate religious beliefs.   It also allows the attorney general to file lawsuits to implement the changes.  Impeachment advocates say Obama overstepped his constitutional authority. Troy Stevenson, executive director of Freedom Oklahoma, an LGBT advocacy group said the measure promoted fear-mongering and was out of place “In a time when our state is facing an unprecedented economic crisis, our lawmakers should be focused on righting the ship rather than stigmatizing transgender youth,” he said in a statement.  The measure was introduced just hours after state lawmakers approved a bill that would make abortions a felony punishable by up to three years in prison for doctors who perform them.  Governor Mary Fallin, an anti-abortion Republican, vetoed the bill because it would not withstand a criminal constitutional legal challenge, her office said. ",1
9446,U.S. panel probing Benghazi attack to report within month: chair,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House panel investigating the 2012 Benghazi attack that killed Ambassador to Libya Christopher Stevens and three other Americans will release its report on the incident in the next month, the congressman leading the inquiry told MSNBC on Friday. Representative Trey Gowdy, who is in charge of the two-year-old investigation in the House of Representatives, told MSNBC the committee’s report would be finished and released before Republican and Democratic political parties hold conventions in July to nominate candidates for the 2016 presidential elections. “We’re going to get the report out. It’ll be in the next month,” Gowdy told MSNBC in an interview, adding that he had wanted to finish the investigation last summer but hadn’t been able to get all the documents he needed from the administration. “I can’t stop an investigation because an executive branch agency won’t give me documents, and we’re still owed documents,” Gowdy said, adding the report would say “what we’re missing” and which agencies hadn’t reported fully. The Republican-led panel has been criticized for allowing the investigation to drag on for so long and accused of politicizing the incident. Hillary Clinton, the leading contender for the Democratic presidential nomination, was secretary of state at the time of the attack and Republicans have accused the State Department of being slow to hand over documents it needed.  ",1
9447,Oklahoma governor vetoes bill to jail abortion doctors,"(Reuters) - Oklahoma’s Republican Governor Mary Fallin vetoed a bill calling for prison terms of up the three years for doctors who performed abortions, saying the legislation would not withstand a criminal constitutional legal challenge, her office said on Friday. The bill, which was approved a day earlier in the Republican-dominated legislature, would have made performing an abortion a felony. It also called for revoking the license of any doctor who conducted one. The bill allowed an exemption for an abortion necessary to save the life of the mother. “The bill is so ambiguous and so vague that doctors cannot be certain what medical circumstances would be considered ‘necessary to preserve the life of the mother,’” Fallin said, in a statement from her office, where she was described as “the most pro-life governor in the nation.” Abortion rights groups had promised a bruising legal battle if the bill were signed into law, which would have resulted in an expensive legal battle.  Cash-strapped Oklahoma is battling a $1.3 billion budget hole that has caused it to cut education funding and other state programs. Had the bill been approved, the state would have been the first to use its codes of professional conduct to implement a measure that would effectively serve as an abortion ban, according to the Guttmacher Institute, which backs abortion rights but whose data is used by both sides of the debate. Other states that have tried to impose outright abortion bans after the Supreme Court’s landmark 1973 Roe v. Wade decision have seen their laws struck down by courts, it said. Supporters have said the bill could withstand a legal challenge because the state was within its rights to set licensing requirement for doctors. Legal experts have said the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that abortion is legal in the United States and Oklahoma must abide by the court’s decision. Since Fallin took office in 2011, Oklahoma has been one of the leaders in adding restrictions to abortions. “Governor Fallin did the right thing today in vetoing this utterly unconstitutional and dangerous bill,” said Nancy Northup, president and chief executive officer of the Center for Reproductive Rights, an abortion rights group.  ",1
9448,"India's Modi to meet Obama, address Congress next month","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama will meet with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Washington next month to discuss security and other issues and the Indian leader will be granted the rare honor of addressing both houses of Congress. The White House said Obama and Modi will discuss economic growth, climate change, clean energy, and security and defense cooperation during their June 7 meeting.  It will be Modi’s fourth trip to the United States since he became prime minister in 2014.    “The visit will highlight the deepening of the U.S.-India relationship in key areas,” the White House said in a statement on Friday. The two countries’ partnership is seen as critical in Washington, which is seeking to counterbalance China’s increasing power.  Modi will address a joint meeting of the U.S. Congress, an opportunity extended to few foreign leaders, the day after the White House meeting, U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan said in a tweet. The invitation is a sharp turnaround for Modi, who was once barred from the United States over massacres of Muslims. Last  year there were only two joint addresses to Congress - by Pope Francis and by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, another important U.S. ally in Asia. In 2005, then-U.S. President George W. Bush’s administration denied Modi a visa, citing a 1998 U.S. law barring entry to foreigners who have committed “particularly severe violations of religious freedom.” More than 1,000 people, mostly Muslims, were killed in sectarian riots in Gujarat in 2002 when Modi had just become the state’s chief minister. Modi has denied any wrongdoing, and India’s Supreme Court in 2010 ruled there was no case. Obama, who has adopted a “pivot to Asia” strategy and is keen to encourage a greater Indian military role in East Asia, quickly dismissed the issue by inviting Modi to the White House as soon as he called to congratulate him on winning the 2014 election. The United States is also keen to encourage greater business and trade with India. Progress has been only gradual, but in late March, the chief executive of U.S. nuclear reactor maker Westinghouse Electric said he expected to sign a deal in June to build six  reactors in India after marathon negotiations that began more than a decade ago. The deal would be the first nuclear commercial power project since the United States and India agreed in 2008 to cooperate in the civil nuclear arena. Westinghouse is owned by Japan’s Toshiba Corp.  ",1
9449,"NRA, the top U.S. gun lobby group, endorses Trump in presidential race","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The National Rifle Association endorsed Republican Donald Trump for U.S. president on Friday and he responded by promising to serve the country’s top gun lobby group well.  Trump, his party’s presumptive nominee for the Nov. 8  presidential election, praised the NRA and took a swipe at Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton, saying she wants to abolish the U.S. Constitution’s Second Amendment, which guarantees the right to bear arms. The billionaire businessman has opposed gun-free zones and promised to protect Americans’ rights to self-defense. “I will not let you down,” Trump told the gathering in Louisville, Kentucky. The NRA is the country’s leading gun-rights advocacy group.  ",1
9450,"The very idea of a President Trump scares some, bolsters others in Asia","SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s “isolationist” foreign policy pronouncements are feeding insecurity in some Asian nations fearful of China’s growing power, and risk emboldening nationalists and authoritarians in the region. The real estate developer, who is very close to securing the Republican nomination for November’s presidential election, has with undiplomatic abandon challenged much of the status quo in U.S.-Asia relations. Overall, his comments have sounded like a death knell for the “pivot to Asia” strategy adopted by President Barack Obama five years ago. Trump has said U.S. allies like Japan and South Korea should pay more toward their defense, warned he could withdraw U.S. troops from bases in Japan, and mulled whether Japan and South Korea should have their own nuclear arms. This week he told Reuters he is willing to talk to North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, which would represent a major shift in U.S. policy.  In a television interview on Friday, Trump told MSNBC that while he was open to talks, he “would never go to North Korea.”  Trump has also threatened to rein in China’s big trade surplus with the United States, saying he will threaten to impose heavy duties on Chinese goods. And Trump says he will rip up and then renegotiate the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a trade pact agreed to by the U.S., Japan, and 10 other countries in February.  Furthermore, Trump’s call for a ban on Muslims entering the United States risks undermining moderate leaders in Muslim countries like Pakistan, Indonesia, Malaysia and Bangladesh. “If he becomes president and adopts his own version of foreign policy, the U.S. will cease to be a Pacific power. That’s the end result,” said Kunihiko Miyake, a former Japanese diplomat, who served in both Beijing and Baghdad.  “It’s not that we would adopt ‘Japan First,’ but if the U.S. leaves, there will be a vacuum and … China will try to fill it,” said Miyake, research director at the Canon Institute for Global Studies. “It’s a survival issue for all allies of the United States.” Trump could, of course, lose the election to the likely Democratic candidate, Hillary Clinton, who is well known by many Asia policymakers.  And if he is elected he could act much differently in office. But Asian diplomats and policy advisers say that initial impressions count. Trump’s idea of making Japan and South Korea pay up rather than enjoy a cheaper ride under the U.S. security umbrella sent shudders through Tokyo and Seoul.  Trump reiterated his stance on Friday. “They have a lot of money, both of those nations,” he told MSNBC, pointing to Japan’s auto sales and South Korea’s electronics industry. “We have to get reimbursed.”  In addition, his comments about the possibility of a local nuclear deterrent fanned fears among Asian diplomats that the world could become an even more dangerous place.  “It is here that Trump is most scary,” Lalit Mansingh, a former Indian ambassador to Washington, told Reuters in New Delhi, though he also noted it may be “just election rhetoric.. Japan’s nationalist-led government has already boosted defence spending and has reinterpreted its pacifist constitution to allow its military to come to the aid of allies under attack even if Japan itself if not attacked, a major shift in Japan’s post-war security stance. “His position is causing anxiety, especially in East Asia,” said a senior lawmaker in Japan’s ruling coalition. “It is really hard to comprehend because conservatives have supported a stronger military presence and more engagement.” Mansingh said he expects China to test the foreign policy resolve of whoever occupies the White House next, and the South China Sea looms as one of the most likely flashpoints. Tensions over China’s land-building and installations on islets in the disputed waters flared on Tuesday, when two Chinese warplanes carried out what the Pentagon called an “unsafe” intercept of a U.S. military reconnaissance aircraft. “They’re building a massive fortress in the South China Sea. They’re not supposed to be doing that,” Trump told Reuters, without saying what he would do about it. At least, according to Mansingh, China’s leaders and Trump shared the mentality of dealmakers, which could help settle diplomatic wrangles before they get out of hand. Jia Qingguo, an adviser to China’s government on foreign affairs, said Trump sounds like an “isolationist” who doesn’t want the United States to become too active internationally. “So, he doesn’t sound that aggressive,” said Jia, the dean of the School of International Relations at China’s elite Peking University. “Chinese tend to think that too much so-called internationalism on the part of the U.S. is not that good.” A senior Japanese government official said Washington could lose influence in Asia if there was any perception it was softening its stance on issues like the South China Sea. “And it would be very difficult to get it back,” he warned. Mansingh says those fears are overblown as the United States’ self-interest lay in protecting access to the Pacific and Indian Oceans.  “What would American withdrawal mean? Does it want to hand over the affairs of the world to China? Would that serve anybody’s interest? I don’t think so.” There are also fears that the TPP could unravel, or become worth a lot less to Asian partners, should Trump renegotiate the pact, as he has said he wants to do. The deal has yet to be ratified by the U.S. Congress, but Obama has warned that delay could allow China to steal a march through its own proposed regional trade deal with 15 other nations.      “I think it’s hard to imagine that TPP would survive a Trump presidency,” said a top trade official in a major country in the region, who declined to be more closely identified. “‘Less intervention’ would be a small benefit compared to the massive damage to the world from a USA that becomes more isolationist and more crassly commercial under Trump,” he said.  The lack of priority Trump appears to give to issues that don’t serve his “America first” agenda could mean he’ll soft-pedal on human rights and democratic values, some critics said. That would come at a time when generals are running Thailand, a ‘strong man’ has just been elected as president of the Philippines, and Malaysia’s prime minister has silenced independent media. “Let’s hope that someone on his team realizes that respect for human rights must be a core U.S. foreign policy value and not just a reality show line,” said Phil Robertson, deputy director for Human Rights Watch’s Asia division. On the other hand, Panitan Wattanayagorn, an adviser to Thailand’s defence minister, Prawit Wongsuwon, expressed confidence that Trump wouldn’t apply pressure to countries like his. “All in all, if Trump arrives, the chances of stronger ties will be good because he would want allies,” said Panitan. ",1
9451,UK on Trump invite to 10 Downing Street: Not just yet,"LONDON/WASHINGTON - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said on Friday that British Prime Minister David Cameron had asked him to visit, but a UK spokesman said no invitation had been extended. The apparent crossed signals were the latest sign of tension between the presumptive Republican Party nominee and the leader of a major U.S. ally, who has criticized Trump’s call for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States. Trump, in a morning interview with MSNBC, said Cameron extended the invitation to visit 10 Downing Street two days ago and that he “might do it.” He gave no other details. A spokesman for Cameron’s office said it was a longstanding practice for the prime minister to meet with the Republican and Democrat presidential nominees if they visited Britain.  “Given the parties have yet to choose their nominees, there are no confirmed dates for this,” the spokesman said. However, a Downing Street source said a formal invite would not be sent out to presidential candidates.        Trump’s comments followed a transatlantic exchange between the two men over Cameron’s criticism.  In December, Cameron called Trump “divisive, stupid and wrong” and suggested Trump would unite Britain against him if he visited the United Kingdom.  After Trump clinched his party’s nomination this month, Cameron acknowledged the achievement but said he stood by his earlier comments and would not apologize.  Trump fired back this week, saying on Monday that he was likely not to have a good relationship with Cameron.    But the next day he said he expected to have “a good relationship” and on Friday Trump said Cameron had invited him to London. “I will do just fine with David Cameron. I think he’s a nice guy. I will do just fine,” Trump told MSNBC. “But they have asked me to visit 10 Downing Street - and I might do it.” Cameron has said he will work with the winner of the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election and is committed to maintaining the special U.S.-UK relationship, his spokesman has said. Trump’s proposed ban also drew criticism from Sadiq Khan, who was elected mayor of London this month and is the first Muslim to hold the post. Khan said last week that Trump’s “ignorant view of Islam could make both our countries less safe.” ",1
9452,Lawmakers vote down LGBT rights measure,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Shouts of “Shame, shame, shame,” erupted in the U.S. House of Representatives on Thursday as Republican lawmakers narrowly defeated legislation to protect the civil rights of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender employees of government contractors. The measure, an amendment to a veterans and military construction spending bill introduced by New York Democrat Sean Maloney, initially had enough “yes” votes to pass, according to the count in the House chamber. But House Republican leaders extended the time allowed for the vote as they urged enough party members to change their positions to defeat it by a vote of 213 to 212. All 183 Democrats who voted backed the amendment, joined by 29 Republicans. All 213 “no” votes were from Republicans. Eight House members - three Republicans and five Democrats - did not vote. Lawmakers are allowed to change their vote in the few minutes between voting and the result being declared.     LGBT rights have been a hot-button issue during the 2016 election season. National politics have featured debate over whether making cakes for same-sex couples violates bakers’ religious freedom or whether the government should decide which public bathrooms are used by transgender people. Democrats chanted “Shame, shame, shame,” at Republicans. “House Republicans are so committed to discriminating against LGBT Americans, that they broke regular order to force their members to reverse their votes and support Republicans’ bigotry,” Nancy Pelosi, the House Democratic leader, said in a statement. Republicans who backed the provision said it was necessary to protect the religious rights of military contractors and not intended to be discriminatory. Thursday’s emotionally-charged vote came hours after the House late on Wednesday passed a $602 billion defense authorization bill that included “religious freedom” language that critics said would allow contractors to discriminate against LGBT individuals. The House Rules committee had angered Democrats by voting along party lines late on Tuesday not to allow a vote on an amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act that would have eliminated that language. The House also backed by 265-159 a separate Democratic amendment to the spending bill that limits the display of the Confederate battle flag on flagpoles at federal veterans’ cemeteries. The measure angered some conservative Republicans from southern states, who argue that the flag is a symbol of their heritage. Some lawmakers have been seeking to limit displays of the Confederate banner since a racially motivated murder of nine black parishioners at a church in Charleston, S.C.  last year. ",1
9453,"Trump's Supreme Court list: all conservative, some provocative","Scroll to the bottom of the page for an interactive graphic.   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - William Pryor, in urging the U.S. Supreme Court in 2003 to uphold a Texas law banning gay sex, argued against the notion that the U.S. Constitution should safeguard a person’s choice of partners.  Pryor, who then was Alabama’s attorney general and now serves on a federal appeals court, was one of 11 conservative jurists who presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has named as people he would consider nominating to the Supreme Court, if elected.  “A constitutional right that protects ‘the choice of one’s partner’ and ‘whether and how to connect sexually’ must logically extend to activities like prostitution, adultery, necrophilia, bestiality, possession of child pornography, and even incest and pedophilia,” Pryor said in a legal filing to the Supreme Court.  Pryor has a record of provocative remarks, as do some others on Trump’s list. But many have established solid conservative judicial records that likely would appeal to Republicans in the Senate, which has the power to confirm Supreme Court nominees, and have steered clear of inflammatory rhetoric.  Trump’s list, unveiled on Wednesday, included judges who have indicated support for various conservative causes, range in age from 41 to 58 and hail primarily from conservative and Republican-governed states. The eight men and three women all are white.  The list’s release seems to have reassured some conservatives who may have doubted Trump would name a genuine conservative to the high court, which has a vacancy following the February death of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia.  “I’ve heard nothing but positive about this. People in the Senate say this is going to relieve a lot of people,” said Republican Jeff Sessions of Alabama, a key Trump supporter in the Senate.  The Republican-led Senate has refused to consider Democratic President Barack Obama’s nominee, Merrick Garland, arguing the winner of the Nov. 8 election to determine Obama’s successor should get to fill the post. Scalia’s replacement could tip the ideological balance of the court, now evenly divided with four conservative justices and four liberals.  Don Willett of Texas is one of five state supreme court judges on the list. His job is an elected one.  “Don Willett helped defend the right of Texas to display the (Bible’s) Ten Commandments and fought the liberals who tried to remove the words ‘under God’ from our pledge” of allegiance, his campaign said in a 2012 advertisement.  Before becoming a judge, Willett was part of Texas’ legal team that won a Supreme Court battle to display the Ten Commandments on a monument in the state Capitol despite opponents’ concerns that it amounted to government endorsement of a religion.  During Pryor’s stint as Alabama attorney general from 1997 to 2004, he described the 1973 Supreme Court ruling legalizing abortion nationwide as “the worst abomination in the history of constitutional law.”  Some of the judges on Trump’s list have ruled against abortion and birth control rights.  Federal appeals court judges Diane Sykes, Steven Colloton and Pryor all ruled in favor of Christian objections to the mandate under Obama’s healthcare law that health insurance covers birth control for women.  Federal appeals court judge Raymond Gruender wrote a 2012 ruling upholding a South Dakota law that requires doctors to inform patients that women who have abortions are more likely to commit suicide. Colloton, who sits on the same court, joined the opinion.  As on abortion and contraception, the U.S. Supreme Court is closely divided on the scope of the individual right to bear arms under the Constitution’s Second Amendment.  In a 2013 case, Thomas Hardiman, another federal appeals court judge, dissented when the majority on his court upheld a New Jersey law regulating the possession of handguns in public. Hardiman endorsed a broad reading of Second Amendment gun rights that would protect carrying weapons outside the home for self-defense.  The list also includes David Stras, a member of Minnesota’s Supreme Court. In 2014, that court waded into the contentious subject of when a person who is incapacitated may be taken off life support and allowed to die.  The court ruled, in the case of a 57-year-old man with irreversible brain damage, that a guardian who was given medical-consent power could authorize the removal of life-sustaining treatment when “interested parties” agreed it would be in the incapacitated person’s best interest.  Stras dissented, writing that because the man had already died when the case was heard, the matter was moot and the court should have stayed out of it.   ",1
9454,Arizona governor declares victory in $3.5-billion education vote,"PHOENIX (Reuters) - Arizona voters have narrowly approved a plan to pump $3.5 billion into education coffers over the next decade and put an end to a long-running legal battle, Republican Governor Doug Ducey said late on Thursday. The measure, approved by state lawmakers and Ducey last year, provides for Arizona to tap its land trust fund and provide an additional $300 for each student, from kindergarten through 12th grade, in public and charter schools. Arizona has historically ranked near the bottom of states in funding education. The latest unofficial results from Tuesday’s special election showed the measure garnering 50.82 percent of votes cast throughout the southwestern U.S. state, and while some 30,000 votes remained to be counted, Ducey declared victory. “This is a huge victory for public education in Arizona,” Ducey said in a statement. “After years of lawsuits and fighting, we are moving forward and funding our teachers, students and schools – instead of lawyers.” Voter approval was required because the measure involved a change to the state’s constitution. The narrow margin of the result proved that a sizeable number of voters disliked the plan, said Morgan Abraham, chairman of the “No” campaign. “This tells me that voters want to fund education the right way, not through the trust fund, but with general funds,” Abraham said, adding that he was disappointed by the outcome of the vote. Much of the controversy during the campaign centered on the funding, with critics saying Arizona was jeopardizing its future by taking too much money from its land trust fund. About 60 percent of the new money will come from the trust fund, and the rest from the state’s general fund. The governor’s office brokered the deal in a bid to end a 2010 lawsuit by a group of school districts and organizations that charged Arizona with failing to fund mandated inflation adjustments to schools during a recent recession.      The state’s highest court already had ruled in favor of the plaintiffs and the court case was being appealed by the state at the time of the deal. ",1
9455,"Obama grapples with Vietnam arms ban, human rights on eve of trip","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama is still grappling with a historic decision on whether to lift the U.S. arms embargo on Vietnam just days before he travels there, the White House said on Thursday, signaling that human rights concerns could be a sticking point. Support has grown within the U.S. administration and on Capitol Hill to fully remove or at least further ease the ban on weapons sales, bolstering ties between former wartime enemies Washington and Hanoi to counter a rising China. But Obama also faces stiff opposition in some quarters. Ending the embargo - something Vietnam has long sought - would sweep away one of the last major vestiges of the Vietnam War era as Obama makes his first trip there beginning on Monday. It would also anger Beijing, which condemned Obama’s partial lifting of the ban in 2014 as interference in the region. The U.S. deliberations come amid increased  tensions in the disputed South China Sea. Beijing demanded an end to U.S. surveillance in the area on Thursday after two of its fighter jets carried out what the Pentagon said was an “unsafe” intercept of a U.S. military reconnaissance aircraft. Ben Rhodes, Obama’s deputy national security adviser, said the administration has not yet finalized a decision on lifting the three-decade-old embargo but dodged a question on when – or even whether – an announcement might be made soon. “It will be a subject of discussion with the Vietnamese,” he told reporters in a preview of Obama’s trip, saying the president would explain his thinking to the country’s communist leadership. “It’s something that we obviously have been looking at … in the context of our broader relationship.” White House officials made clear that the final decision would be linked in part to Vietnam’s human rights situation. Concerns remain, especially among rights advocates and some U.S. lawmakers, over the government’s heavy-handedness toward political opponents and treatment of workers. There is also worry that Washington will lose some leverage if it gives up the arms embargo without securing concessions for reforms. Still, some of Obama’s aides are mindful that a failure to satisfy Vietnam’s calls for rescinding the ban could inject a sour note into a visit meant to open a new chapter in security and economic relations. Some Vietnamese officials are suspicious that the United States seeks to undermine their one-party rule. “What we want to demonstrate with this visit is a significant upgrade in the relationship between the United States and Vietnam as partners on many issues even as we have significant areas of difference,” Rhodes said. Obama, who will make stops in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City, will meet Vietnam’s new president, Tran Dai Quang, as well as its new prime minister, Nguyen Xuan Phuc, and Communist Party General Secretary Nguyen Phu Trong. He will also meet dissidents and will deliver a speech to the Vietnamese people, Rhodes said U.S. officials say that no matter the decision on the weapons ban they expect Obama’s visit to yield tangible steps to boost military cooperation. Washington is looking for increased port visits by U.S. warships, possibly including access to the strategic port at Cam Ranh Bay, and to holding naval exercises, according to a person close to U.S. thinking on the subject. (Story refiles to add dropped letter to “rights” in lead.) ",1
9456,Incoming U.N. climate chief seeks swift action: at odds with Trump,"OSLO (Reuters) - The United Nations’s incoming climate chief said on Thursday she will push for rapid action under a U.N. accord to slow global warming and expressed hopes that U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump will drop calls for a renegotiation if elected. Mexico’s Patricia Espinosa, a former foreign minister appointed on Wednesday to head the Bonn-based U.N. Climate Change Secretariat from July, urged all governments swiftly to ratify the 195-nation accord hammered out in Paris in December. She told Reuters that “it’s not impossible” that the agreement, seeking to transform the global economy away from fossil fuels this century, could enter into force as early as this year, giving it strength in international law. Espinosa is at odds with Trump, who is skeptical that man-made emissions cause climate change. He told Reuters on Tuesday that he was “not a big fan” of the Paris accord and that “at a minimum I will be renegotiating those agreements”. Asked about Trump’s threat, Espinosa said the Paris deal was a hard-won compromise by more than 190 nations. “It would not be easy for anybody to just say ‘I want to renegotiate this’,” she said. Nations who agreed in Paris range from top greenhouse gas emitters China and the United States, small island nations fearful of rising sea levels and OPEC members who depend on income from oil. Renegotiation “is really not a scenario that in a multilateral process you can see as something feasible,” she added. Espinosa said she would be “respectful of everybody who has a role to play in any country” but at the same time seek to build momentum for action. Many other backers of the accord have expressed dismay at Trump’s call. The Paris Agreement will enter into force once 55 nations responsible for 55 percent of global emissions formally ratify the deal.  So far, 16 nations have ratified, accounting for just 0.03 percent of emissions. Many nations, including China and the United States which together represent 38 percent of emissions, say they will join this year.  Espinosa, 57 and now Mexico’s ambassador to Germany, will succeed Christiana Figueres of Costa Rica, who is stepping down after six years.  Espinosa said she also will seek to link action to curb climate change to all aspects of development in coming years. She agreed with Figueres, who has said governments will have to toughen existing pledges to cut greenhouse gas emissions to limit a rise in temperatures linked to more droughts, floods and rising seas. “I think it’s possible but very difficult, not reachable with the commitments we have on the table,” Espinosa said of the toughest goal in the Paris Agreement, to limit warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius (2.7 Fahrenheit) above pre-industrial times.   ",1
9457,"Trump delegate indicted on weapons, child pornography charges","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A Maryland man who is a delegate for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has been indicted for illegally shipping explosives, owning a machine gun and producing child pornography, the U.S. Justice Department said on Thursday. Caleb Bailey, 30, was indicted by a grand jury in U.S. District Court in Greenbelt, Maryland, on Wednesday. He was elected to be a delegate for Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, and is still listed as one on the state’s board of elections website.  Joe Cluster, executive director of the Maryland Republican Party, confirmed Bailey had been indicted and told Reuters the party was asking Bailey to resign from the delegation. “I don’t know too much about him beyond what I’ve read,” said Cluster, who declined to comment further. Bailey had hundreds of illegal weapons stored in a bunker beneath his garage, including dozens of machine guns, smokeless grenades and gas canisters, along with ready-to-eat meals, according to a law enforcement official briefed on the investigation. Telephone calls and emails seeking comment from Bailey, from the Trump campaign and from the Maryland board of elections were not returned on Thursday. Trump has been working to unify the Republican party going into its presidential nominating convention in Cleveland in July. In March, a New Hampshire man who co-chaired Trump’s veterans coalition in the state was extradited to Nevada to face charges of helping organize the high-profile 2014 armed standoff with federal agents at the ranch of Cliven Bundy. The four-count indictment against Bailey alleges that he used a minor to “engage in sexually explicit conduct to produce child pornography” and illegally owned a machine gun. Authorities became aware of Bailey after he tried to ship explosives and ammunition from Maryland to Wisconsin through the U.S. mail in February, said an affidavit filed by a special agent with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.  Some of the types of cartridges Bailey was sending to Wisconsin are no longer used by the U.S. military because they are too dangerous, the law enforcement official said, so shipping them was “not only illegal, but posed a significant public risk.” The Wisconsin recipient is under investigation as well, according to the official. Bailey attempted to ship five such packages in total, but one broke open at the post office, prompting the facility to call law enforcement, according to the affidavit. ",1
9458,House seeks to tighten restrictions on Pakistan aid,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. lawmakers are looking to use a defense policy bill to increase restrictions on military aid for Pakistan, expressing frustration with what they see as Islamabad’s failure to crack down on Afghanistan’s militant Haqqani network. The $602 billion National Defense Authorization Act, or NDAA, passed by the House of Representatives late on Wednesday would block $450 million in aid to Islamabad unless it does more to fight the network, which lawmakers see as a major threat to U.S. forces in Afghanistan.  The bill requires the Pentagon to certify that Pakistan is conducting military operations to disrupt the Haqqani network, not letting the network use North Waziristan as a safe haven and actively coordinating with Afghanistan’s government to fight the network along their border. As they finalized the 2017 version of the annual bill, House members added three amendments related to Pakistan. All passed by unanimous voice vote. One added a fourth requirement to the release of the aid, that the administration certify Pakistan has shown progress in arresting and prosecuting Haqqani network senior leaders and mid-level operatives. Another required that the Secretary of Defense certify  Pakistan is not using its military or any funds or equipment provided by the United States to persecute minority groups. And a third added a “sense of Congress” that Shakil Afridi is an international hero and calls for his immediate release from prison. Afridi is a Pakistani doctor believed to have helped the CIA hunt down Osama bin Laden. Pakistan sentenced Afridi in 2012 to 33 years in jail on charges of belonging to a militant group, which he denies. That sentence was overturned and Afridi is now awaiting trial on another charge. Pakistan says its courts will decide Afridi’s fate, and has angrily criticized U.S. politicians, including Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, over calls to release him. The House version of the NDAA is not the final version of the legislation. It must be combined with a Senate bill before being sent to the White House for President Barack Obama to sign, or veto. However, there is also strong criticism of Pakistan in the Senate. This month, Senator Bob Corker used his authority as chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee to bar the use of any U.S. funds for Pakistan to buy American F-16 fighter jets. ",1
9459,"Bipartisan Puerto Rico crisis bill introduced, debt looms","NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. lawmakers on Thursday began coalescing around revised bipartisan legislation to help address Puerto Rico’s unpayable debt burden, which now threatens a full-blown humanitarian crisis. Released close to midnight on Wednesday, the House Natural Resources Committee’s revised bill includes a strong oversight board to direct how and when the island pays its bills and leaves many earlier proposals in place.  Puerto Rico has already defaulted on some of its roughly $70 billion in debt while trying to cope with a 45 percent poverty rate among its 3.5 million U.S. citizens. In addition, it is reeling from a Zika virus outbreak that is hurting its critical tourism industry. Language allowing Puerto Rico to cut repayments to creditors without their consent, known as a “cram-down,” remains. The bill does not prioritize pensioners over bondholders, but the language remains muddied, one analyst surmised. “Tonight, we introduced legislation to responsibly address the crisis in Puerto Rico. The revised bill incorporates technical refinements and input from all stakeholders,” committee Chairman Rob Bishop said in a statement. For a link to a factbox on the bill, click. While both Republican and Democratic leaders of the U.S. House of Representatives welcomed the bill after several delays, how more conservative Republican lawmakers view the legislation is an open question. A vote on the bill by the House is expected in the first week of June, ahead of a looming $1.9 billion debt payment due on July 1. In recent months, the debt crisis has threatened a deepening humanitarian crisis as hospitals close wards, social services decline and emigration saps more economic activity. “After long bipartisan negotiations, we believe we have achieved a restructuring process that can work,” U.S. House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi said in a statement on Thursday. House Speaker Paul Ryan, who faces opposition to the bill from within his own Republican ranks, highlighted the bipartisan effort as he will need Democrat votes to get it passed. “Right now, the stability of the U.S. territory is in danger, as the Puerto Rican government continues to default on major loan payments. We have insisted that our response meet basic principles, and first among them is protecting taxpayers from a bailout,” Ryan said in a statement. The bill, formally known as the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management and Economic Stability Act (PROMESA), seeks to return the island to solvency, rebuild a base for economic growth and maintain its ability to access capital markets in the future. The White House called the bill an “important first step” in creating a fair process for restructuring Puerto Rico’s debt and economy after a decade of recession. The U.S. territory’s governor, Alejandro Garcia Padilla, said he was encouraged by the bill but chafed at the oversight board, which he believes undermine the island’s self-governance. Choosing the members of the oversight board has been a sticking point in the talks leading up to the introduction of the bill. U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said on Thursday he was pleased the bill includes “restructuring tools for Puerto Rico that are comprehensive and workable” but expressed disappointment that proposals to promote economic growth were left out of what he called a “tough bipartisan compromise.”        In the early drafts of the bill, Senator Orrin Hatch of Utah, the chairman of the powerful Senate Finance Committee, said he was not satisfied, meaning a potential hurdle for passing the bill could remain. A conservative Tea Party favorite, Representative Raul Labrador of Idaho, said he was reviewing the bill but told Reuters he thought a majority of Republicans would “support it through both houses of Congress.” Many creditors lobbied for a bill that does not create new precedents for how they might be treated in a restructuring which would potentially set up future legal fights on the U.S. mainland that are far away from the island’s current crisis. “The bill, which creates a control board and allows for bankruptcy, is highly controversial and does not definitively protect any creditors. We believe the legislation is more positive for both GO and COFINA creditors than the legislation previously under review,” wrote Heights Securities analyst Daniel Hanson. Hanson said the bill lacks clarity over the treatment of constitutionally protected bondholders versus pensioners. A local bondholder group said it supported the bill. “As imperfect as it may be, the bipartisan bill is the ‘pause’ that is desperately needed so everyone can come together to forge a bright future for all Americans living in Puerto Rico,” said Jorge Irizarry, president of the Backyard Bondholders, which represents more than 60,000 resident bondholders in Puerto Rico.   GO, or General Obligation bonds are backed by the full faith and credit of the island and are senior to all debt, while COFINA debt is backed by sales tax revenues. “This territories-clause bill, which will bring all creditors to the table and establish a strong and independent fiscal oversight board, should appeal to conservatives who were concerned about a ‘bailout’ or ‘contagion,’” the COFINA Senior Bondholders Ad Hoc Group said in a statement.  Investors bid up prices on Puerto Rico’s benchmark July 2035 GO debt to 66, a gain of 0.50 point in price to yield 12.797 percent, according to MSRB data. ",1
9460,Illinois Senate passes grant program for needy college students,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - The Illinois Senate on Thursday earmarked $227.2 million for low-income college students whose need-based financial aid has been imperiled by the state’s 11-month budget impasse. But Republican Governor Bruce Rauner offered no sign of supporting the measure for Monetary Award Program recipients after members of his party pilloried the funding package as a “farce” because it did not identify a specific revenue stream to pay for it. Rauner spokeswoman Catherine Kelley declined to say whether the governor intends to sign or veto the legislation, saying only “Governor Rauner remains committed to reaching a balanced budget alongside meaningful reforms in a bipartisan manner.” Illinois’ public universities and community colleges and the MAP program have only received a fraction of what they had expected from the state since July because Rauner and the Democratic-led legislature have yet to agree on a Fiscal 2016 spending plan. A stopgap $600 million higher-education funding package enacted by Rauner last month offered some relief, but an early-May effort to appropriate an additional $454 million on top of the April total stalled in the Illinois House of Representatives after passing the Senate. In fiscal 2015, the last year in which Illinois had a full operating budget, the state appropriated $357.1 million to the MAP program. That amount provided for income-based grants of up to $4,968 to 128,399 students, the Illinois Student Assistance Commission reported.   State Senator Donne Trotter, a Chicago Democrat and the legislation’s chief sponsor, said the package would “ensure that our students can relieve themselves of some of the drama they’ve been going through this year because of the inaction by this body and the governor” in passing a budget. But Republicans ripped the plan, with Senator Chapin Rose, a Republican from Mahomet, Ill., about 200 miles south of Chicago, accusing the Senate majority of “writing a check that it darn well knows cannot be cashed.” The Senate passed the bill 39-15, with two members voting present - enough to override any potential Rauner veto. But the 68-45 margin during a Tuesday House vote fell three votes short of a veto-proof majority, meaning Rauner could kill the measure if he chose to. ",1
9461,Clinton calls Trump too unsteady to be president,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton pivoted to a general election match-up against Republican candidate Donald Trump on Thursday, saying he is dangerously unpredictable and not qualified to be president. Confident that she is finally close to defeating U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont for the Democratic nomination, Clinton turned heavy fire on Trump, who has been running about even with her in national polls of voters looking ahead to the Nov. 8 presidential election. On the Republican side, Trump promoted top aide Paul Manafort to serve as campaign manager and chief strategist, the Trump campaign said. Corey Lewandowski, the Trump aide who has been campaign manager, retains that title and will continue to oversee day-to-day operations, the campaign said. In addition, Trump has hired veteran Republican lawyer A.B. Culvahouse to help vet potential vice presidential running mates, a source close to the campaign said. In a CNN interview, Clinton used the example of the apparent downing of an EgyptAir plane from Paris to Cairo to say that Trump would lack the skills to bring together U.S. allies to respond to global threats. “I know how hard this job is and I know we need steadiness, as well as strength and smarts in it, and I have concluded that he is not qualified to be president of the United States,” Clinton said. Trump, the Republicans’ presumptive presidential nominee, has been intensifying his criticism of Clinton by lobbing personal attacks at her and her husband, former President Bill Clinton.  Clinton, a former U.S. secretary of state, said she would resolutely refuse to respond to Trump’s goading. “He can say whatever he wants,” she said. But she said the EgyptAir crash reinforces the need for American leadership and that Trump’s proposed temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States has sent the wrong signal to countries that Washington will need to work with in the fight against Islamic militants. “He says a lot of things that are provocative, that actually make the important task of building this coalition, bringing everybody to the table and defeating terrorism more difficult,” she said. “It sends a message of disrespect and it sends a message that makes the situation inside those countries more difficult.” Clinton suggested the Democratic race was over because of her nearly insurmountable lead in delegates to the nominating convention, despite Sanders’ insistence on staying in the race. “I will be the nominee for my party,” she said. “That is already done, in effect. There is no way that I won’t be.” She said Sanders will have to eventually help her unify the Democratic Party after the prolonged nomination fight. “I am absolutely committed to doing my part, more than my part. But Senator Sanders has to do his part,” she said. The Sanders campaign rebuffed Clinton’s nudge to get out of the race, pointing to his recent victories. “In the past three weeks voters in Indiana, West Virginia and Oregon respectfully disagreed with Secretary Clinton. We expect voters in the remaining eight contests also will disagree,” Sanders spokesman Michael Briggs said. Trump stepped up efforts to rally Republican loyalists behind his campaign after winning a divisive primary fight that left the party ruptured. On Capitol Hill, Manafort and other Trump aides met with conservatives in the House of Representatives who are members of the Freedom Caucus group and canvassed them for policy ideas. “Manafort was reaching out for ideas” on policy, and several Freedom Caucus members made suggestions, said Republican Representative Scott DesJarlais of Tennessee. “It went very well, it was encouraging. I think the Trump team recognizes the relevance of the Freedom Caucus, and the influence they have. I think actually, despite some early skepticism by some members, I think the (Freedom Caucus) board received Manafort and his representation of Trump very well,” DesJarlais said. Manafort also met with U.S. Senator Mike Lee of Utah, a Tea Party Republican who was a big backer of U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas for president. Lee has expressed some concerns about Trump’s candidacy.  A spokesman for Lee said U.S. Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, a key Trump adviser, was also at the meeting. ",1
9462,California Senate passes gun control package,"SACRAMENTO, Calif. (Reuters) - The California Senate on Thursday passed a sweeping package of gun control bills that would require background checks for ammunition purchasers, ban possession of high-capacity magazines and establish a firearms violence research center. The bills, whose passage through the Assembly are far from assured, are at the heart of a political duel between Senate leader Kevin de Leon and Lieutenant Governor Gavin Newsom, both Democrats, who are proposing competing plans in advance of key election campaigns. “Gun violence has reached epidemic proportions across our nation,” de Leon, who represents Los Angeles, said as he introduced the bills on the Senate floor on Thursday. “We cannot stand by while our communities suffer from this horrific violence.” The package of eight bills would ban the possession of ammunition magazines holding more than 10 rounds, make stealing a gun a felony, limit the lending of guns among family members, and close a loophole in the state’s assault weapons ban. It is uncertain whether the bills will pass the Assembly, where Republicans and conservative Democrats have blocked some of the same measures in the past, or be signed by Democratic Governor Jerry Brown, who has vetoed some gun control measures. The Senate bills were fast-tracked through the legislature this week, even as state officials are counting signatures and preparing to place on the November ballot a referendum by Newsom that would accomplish many of the same goals. The competing measures are a sore point between the two powerful politicians that could spill into the November election campaign as well as the race to replace Brown in 2018. De Leon, who said Thursday that Newsom based his ballot initiative on de Leon’s own proposals, has asked the lieutenant governor to agree to withdraw his ballot measure should the Senate bills pass. But Newsom, who is running for governor, has refused. His campaign strategist, Dan Newman, said Thursday that the initiative was more comprehensive than the legislative package and should go before voters in the fall. Newsom is expected to make the gun control initiative a centerpiece of his campaign to replace Brown in 2018, along with a proposed referendum to legalize recreational use of marijuana. De Leon has not endorsed Newsom. He is close to possible Newsom rivals in the governor’s race, including former Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa. ",1
9463,Factbox: Puerto Rico debt crisis bill keeps oversight board,"NEW YORK/SAN JUAN (Reuters) - The U.S. House Natural Resources Committee early on Thursday released long-delayed revised legislation to address Puerto Rico’s fiscal crisis, which is threatening to become a full-blown humanitarian disaster. The bill, also known as the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act (PROMESA), has two major aims: setting out a framework for restructuring the island’s $70 billion in debt and putting the island’s financial operations under the control of a federal oversight board. Severe economic decline, an accumulation of operating deficits, lack of financial transparency and management inefficiencies, combined with excessive borrowing, “created a fiscal emergency in Puerto Rico,” the legislation states. Puerto Rico’s next debt payment of $1.9 billion, which its governor has said it cannot pay, is due on July 1. A vote in the House is expected the first week of June. * A Financial Oversight and Management Board, consisting of seven members appointed by the president of the United States from recommendations provided by the leaders of the U.S. House and Senate. One member is appointed at the sole discretion of the president. Appointments are due by Sept. 30, 2016. * The board has the authority to enforce balanced budgets and government reform if the Puerto Rican government fails to do so, including the sale of government assets, the consolidation of agencies and reduction of workforce.  * The board’s aims are to generate management plans that achieve fiscal responsibility, maintain access to capital markets and ensure funding for public services and pensions; and to help facilitate consensual debt restructuring talks between Puerto Rico and its bondholders. * The board will have subpoena power to seek testimony and information. Board members will not be paid a salary. * A fiscal plan should be no less than five years. It can be developed either by the governor, the Oversight Board or both in collaboration. * Neither the governor of Puerto Rico nor the island’s  legislature can exercise control over the board or pass laws that would inhibit its functioning. * The oversight board will dissolve once Puerto Rico has attained adequate and reasonable access to credit markets and achieves four consecutive fiscal years of budgetary compliance without spending more than it earned. * The bill adopts certain provisions of U.S. bankruptcy law, including giving Puerto Rico access to a court-sanctioned debt restructuring law, under which it could, in certain circumstances, impose debt cuts without creditors’ consent, so-called cram-downs.      * The bill also empowers the oversight board to hold consensual debt restructuring talks, in hopes of reaching  “collective action compromises” that do not require cram-down. For a restructuring to be approved under the bill’s collective action clause, two-thirds of the outstanding principal amount of the bonds in each pool of debt must vote in favor of it.      * PROMESA does not directly put Puerto Rico, a U.S. territory, under the bankruptcy laws enjoyed by U.S. states. This addresses concerns that actions taken in the commonwealth could bleed over and affect long-standing municipal bankruptcy laws.      * Any prior voluntary debt restructuring agreements will be left intact. This essentially leaves in place the current voluntary restructuring agreement between creditors and PREPA (Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority)     * Certifying a restructuring of debt requires approval by five out of seven members of the oversight board.     * The U.S. government will not pledge its full faith and credit for repaying Puerto Rico’s debt. This provision addresses concerns the bill would amount to a financial bailout by Washington. ",1
9464,U.S. judge upholds Virginia's voter ID law,"RICHMOND, Va. (Reuters) - A U.S. federal judge on Thursday upheld a 2013 Virginia law requiring prospective voters to show an approved photo identification before they cast their ballots. The state’s Democratic Party had challenged the law, signed by former Republican Governor Robert McDonnell, saying it was politically motivated and intended to deter young and minority voters from turning out on Election Day. “The court’s mission is to judge not the wisdom of the Virginia voter ID law, but rather its constitutionality,” wrote U.S. District Judge Henry Hudson in his decision. While he noted that the measure created an “inconvenience” for potential voters who did not have drivers’ licenses or other government-issued ID, he said that was not enough to strike it down. “While the merits of this voter identification law, and indeed all aspects of Virginia’s voting regime, can be reasonably debated, it remains true that Virginia has created a scheme of laws to accommodate all people in their right to vote,” Hudson wrote.  Lawyers representing the state Democratic Party said in a filing that the Republican-dominated state legislature passed the photo ID law “to stall, if not reverse, the growing success of the Democratic Party in Virginia.” The state argued that ID was necessary to ensure that only registered voters cast ballots and to prevent voter fraud. In 2008, President Barack Obama became the first Democrat to carry Virginia in more than 40 years, in part because of turnout among black, Latino and young voters. Obama carried the state again in 2012. In the most recent statewide elections, Democrats also swept all top offices: governor, lieutenant governor and attorney general. Moreover, the state’s two U.S. senators are both Democrats. Hudson acknowledged that Virginia, a former slave state, has “an unfortunate history of racial and statutory artifice to hinder black voting.” The ruling comes a month after another federal judge upheld a similar requirement in neighboring North Carolina. A federal court this week ordered Kansas to register thousands of eligible voters who have been blocked from registering. That ruling resulted from an American Civil Liberties Union lawsuit filed on behalf of Kansas residents who tried to register to vote through the Kansas Department of Motor Vehicles and had been forced to provide additional documentation of citizenship. ",1
9465,Senate approves $1.1 billion to fight Zika virus,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An election-year fight over addressing the spreading Zika virus intensified in the U.S. Congress as the Senate on Thursday approved $1.1 billion in emergency money one day after the House of Representatives voted $622.1 million financed through cuts to existing programs. The two chambers would have to reach agreement on a spending level before they can send it to President Barack Obama, who in February requested $1.9 billion. The White House has called the House measure “woefully inadequate” and has threatened to veto it. Democratic Senator Patty Murray of Washington State urged Congress to act quickly, saying, “This is a public health emergency and Congress should treat it like one.”  The Senate will enter negotiations with the House with a strong hand: a bipartisan 68-30 vote in favor of the emergency funds to battle Zika, a virus that has been spreading rapidly through the Americas, with more than 100 confirmed cases in the U.S. state of Florida. However, the conservative group Heritage Action is lobbying against any Zika funding bill that is not paid for with an equal amount of spending cuts. The Senate’s funding was attached to an unrelated transportation and housing appropriations bill that also passed the chamber on Thursday. U.S. health officials have concluded that Zika infections in pregnant women can cause microcephaly, a birth defect marked by small head size that can lead to severe developmental problems in babies. The World Health Organization has said there is strong scientific consensus that Zika can also cause Guillain-Barre, a rare neurological syndrome that causes temporary paralysis in adults.     Conservative Republican Senator Mike Lee of Utah tried unsuccessfully to kill the Senate funding, saying the Obama administration already had enough money to deal with Zika. “What we should not do, however, is allow the Zika virus to be yet another excuse to run up the national debt,” Lee said. But Senator Susan Collins of Maine, a moderate Republican, countered that U.S. debt problems were rooted in the rapid growth in the cost of huge programs such as Social Security and Medicare and not so-called “discretionary” spending like on Zika. ",1
9466,Trump identifies 11 potential Supreme Court nominees,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Presumptive Republican U.S. presidential nominee Donald Trump on Wednesday unveiled the names of 11 judges - eight men and three women, all white and all conservative - he would consider, if elected, to replace the late Antonin Scalia on the Supreme Court. Six of them are judges who were appointed to federal appeals courts around the country by Republican former President George W. Bush. The other five serve on various state supreme courts. Scalia’s replacement could tip the ideological balance of the court, which now is evenly divided with four conservative justices and four liberals. Scalia, who died in February, was one of the court’s most conservative justices. “We’re going to choose from, most likely from this list,” Trump said in an interview with Fox News. But Trump said he could deviate from the list and added, “At a minimum we will keep people within this general realm.”  All of Trump’s 11 judges are listed as affiliated with the Federalist Society on the influential conservative legal group’s website. The organization is known as a breeding ground for conservative legal thinkers. It is unusual for a presidential candidate to release names of potential Supreme Court or Cabinet nominees before winning an election. But Trump is working to assure conservatives in his own party that, if elected president on Nov. 8, he would not appoint a liberal or moderate to the court. Trump allies had encouraged him to announce the names of potential court nominees to allay fears among conservatives wary of a Trump presidency. Trump’s list includes: Steven Colloton of Iowa, a judge on the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals; Raymond Gruender of Missouri, also a judge on the 8th Circuit Court of Appeals; and Thomas Hardiman of Pennsylvania, a judge on the 3rd Circuit Court of Appeals. It also includes: Raymond Kethledge of Michigan, a judge on the 6th Circuit Court of Appeals; William Pryor of Alabama, a judge on the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals; and Diane Sykes of Wisconsin, a judge on the 7th Circuit Court of Appeals. The state supreme court jurists include: Allison Eid of Colorado; Joan Larsen of Michigan; Thomas Lee of Utah; David Stras of Minnesota; and Don Willett of Texas. Democratic President Barack Obama in March named centrist appellate court judge Merrick Garland to fill the vacancy. But the Republican-led Senate has refused to hold confirmation hearings or a vote, insisting that Obama’s successor should get to select Scalia’s replacement.  Trump said in a statement that the 11 judges were “representative of the kind of constitutional principles I value” and said he would use the list as a guide for nominating a justice. Willett in the past year has posted several comments on Twitter mocking Trump, even referring to him as “Darth Trump,” a twist on the “Star Wars” villain Darth Vader. Willett last June posted about imagining Trump selecting a Supreme Court nominee. “The mind reels. *weeps—can’t finish tweet*,” Willett wrote, suggesting he was crying at the idea. Asked to comment on Willett’s Twitter remarks, Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks said, “Mr. Trump’s sole focus is considering the best potential individuals based on their constitutional principles.” Lee is the brother of Republican Senator Mike Lee of Utah, one of the most conservative members of the U.S. Senate. “I don’t know everyone on the list, but those I do know would all be great Supreme Court Justices. Of course, I do believe one name on that list stands head and shoulders above the rest,” said Mike Lee, a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee that would consider any nomination. Sykes is the former wife of conservative Wisconsin radio host Charles Sykes, who posted on Twitter that she would make a great justice but added, “I simply don’t believe Trump.” Several of the judges have ruled against abortion and reproductive rights. Sykes, Colloton and Pryor have ruled against the Obama administration regarding religious objections to the contraception coverage requirement of the Obamacare healthcare law.  White House spokesman Josh Earnest said at his daily briefing that he would be surprised if any Democrat would describe any of Trump’s picks “as a consensus nominee.” “But the individual President Obama has put forward is somebody that Republicans have described as a consensus nominee,” Earnest said of Garland, adding that it would be wise for the Senate to act on Obama’s nominee. Liberal advocacy group People for the American Way said  Trump’s list included “conservative dream justices.” Most of the 11 judges did not respond to requests for comment.  “Joan Larsen is working along with the rest of Michigan’s Supreme Court to provide common-sense, rule-of-law justice. That is her focus and will remain her focus,” her campaign spokesman Stu Sandler said. Larsen was appointed to the post and is running for election to a full term.  ",1
9467,"Grammar fail, or do Texas Republicans believe most Texans are gay?","AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - A Texas-based LGBT advocacy helped spark a grammar debate this week over whether an errant comma in the stridently anti-homosexual Republican Party of Texas platform can be read as saying the majority of Texans are gay. The plank that was approved by delegates at the party’s convention this month reads: “Homosexuality is a chosen behavior that is contrary to the fundamental unchanging truths that has been ordained by God in the Bible, recognized by our nations founders, and shared by the majority of Texans.” Lone Star Q, which describes itself as the state’s No. 1 source for LGBT news, asked on Twitter on Wednesday to have a “grammar debate” over the wording. In response, grammarians pointed out that placement of the final comma in the plank could lead to understanding it to mean  that homosexuality is a chosen behavior shared by the majority of Texans. They also noted that “nations” should have an apostrophe and that by using “has been,” the plank gives the impression that homosexuality has been ordained by God.  Party officials did not respond to requests to comment. The party, which dominates Texas politics, has been hostile toward homosexuality for years. Its platform has said homosexuality must not be presented as an acceptable lifestyle and gays should not be allowed to marry. Over the years, the party’s platforms have favored a number of hard-right positions, such as cutting off funding for about a dozen U.S. government agencies, including the Internal Revenue Service, abolishing the Federal Reserve, a return to the gold standard for the U.S. dollar and U.S. withdrawal from the United Nations. ",1
9468,Senate Banking committee approves two SEC nominees,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate Banking Committee on Thursday approved nominees for the two vacant spots on the five-member Securities and Exchange Commission, according to the highest ranking Democrat on the committee. The nominations of Democrat Lisa Fairfax and Republican Hester Peirce now go to the full Senate. The Republican-led Congress has been slow to fill empty seats at agencies and boards, and many of the nominations made by outgoing President Barack Obama, a Democrat, have stalled. Ohio Senator Sherrod Brown, the most senior Democrat on the Banking Committee, said the committee has yet to hold hearings for nominees to the Federal Reserve Board or the board of the Export-Import Bank.  “It is disgraceful that the Senate still hasn’t confirmed any of the 20 nominations that the Banking Committee has received since the start of last year,” said Brown in a statement. “These nominees are essential to promoting financial stability, protecting national security, and ensuring that American businesses of all sizes can compete on a level playing field with foreign competitors.” The two SEC nominees were part of a block of five nominations that were approved by a single voice vote in a room near the Senate floor.  The committee also approved Jay Lerner as inspector general of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp, Amias Gerety as assistant secretary for financial institutions at the Treasury Department and Rhett Jeppson as director of the U.S. Mint.  Senator Heidi Heitkamp, a Democrat from North Dakota, dissented in the hastily scheduled vote in protest over the Export-Import Bank board nominees. “Despite the fact that Congress finally passed my bill to reauthorize the agency last December, the Ex-Im Bank has still been hamstrung from supporting American jobs and businesses because there isn’t a majority on the board,” she said in a statement. “I don’t have strong concerns with the nominees we voted on today.”  The committee attempted to approve the nominees last month, but opposition from Democrats over corporate political disclosure threw the vote into disarray. The Democrats had pressed the SEC nominees to support a requirement that corporations disclose political donations. Obama put the two names forward in October.  Peirce once worked on the Senate Banking Committee staff and then became a senior research fellow and director of the financial markets working group at the Mercatus Center at George Mason University.  Fairfax is a law professor at George Washington University, and has written a primer on shareholder activism. ",1
9469,ACLU threatens Cleveland over delays in convention protest permits,"(Reuters) - The American Civil Liberties Union on Thursday accused the city of Cleveland of taking too long to issue permits to protesters planning demonstrations at the Republican National Convention in July and threatened to sue if the city delays further. “Delays by the city are effectively blocking groups from exercising their fundamental right to political expression,”  Christine Link, executive director of the ACLU of Ohio, said in a statement. “Cleveland is using security planning as a mask to suppress political speech.” Thousands of demonstrators are expected to converge outside the convention from July 18 to 21 when presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is likely to receive the party’s nomination for the Nov. 8 general election. Raucous protests for and against the candidate have erupted at Trump events during the primary campaign. Large groups require a parade permit in Cleveland for demonstrations that would obstruct traffic or occur during special events. City spokesman Dan Williams said permits would be issued “in time for the convention” but he declined to say what date it considered appropriate. He said he was unaware of any permits issued so far. The normal permitting process could not be expected for the convention because “this is not normal,” Williams said. The city of Philadelphia, which will host the Democratic convention a week later, has already begun issuing permits, and Cleveland has told protesters they should wait until two weeks before the convention, the ACLU said. Undue delays may infringe on protesters’ rights to free speech, the ACLU said, suggesting a deadline of June 1. If Cleveland delays too long, the ACLU would file a lawsuit in federal court and ask for an expedited hearing, Link said in a telephone interview. Protesters need adequate time to make travel arrangements and rent needed materials such as portable toilets and sound stage equipment, Link said. The ACLU wrote on behalf of Citizens for Trump, which applied for a permit one month ago, and the liberal activist group Organize Ohio, which has been waiting two months for a permit. Citizens for Trump anticipates 104 cars and trucks, 100 motorcycles, four horses and at least 5,000 people to participate in its event, while Organize Ohio expects 3,000 to 5,000 marchers, the ACLU said. Another attorney represents an individual, John Penley, who has said the city has yet to even respond to his request for a permit application, the ACLU said. ",1
9470,Trump taps adviser Manafort to be campaign chairman: CNN,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee for U.S. president, has tapped senior adviser Paul Manafort to be campaign chairman and chief strategist, CNN’s chief Washington correspondent said in a tweet on Thursday. In his tweet, CNN’s Jake Tapper cited campaign spokeswoman Hope Hicks. ",1
9471,Hillary Clinton says Donald Trump unqualified to be president,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton said on Thursday Republican candidate Donald Trump is unqualified to be president of the United States.  “I know how hard this job is, and I know we need steadiness as well as strength and smarts in it, and I have concluded that he is not qualified to be president of the United States,” she said in an interview on CNN. ",1
9472,"Top Democratic senator probes SWIFT, NY Fed about Bangladesh heist","(Reuters) - The Senate Homeland Security Committee’s top Democrat sought information Thursday from global financial network SWIFT and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on steps being taken to bolster cyber security in the wake of the theft of $81 million from the central bank of Bangladesh. Senator Tom Carper of Delaware requested that both answer questions and brief his staff by June 17 on how they were handling issues following the February heist, during which hackers wired money out of an account at the New York Fed held by Bank Bangladesh, as well as how they were safeguarding against other potential cyber threats. “These cyber attacks raise important questions about the security of the SWIFT system and the ability of its members to prevent future attacks,” Carper wrote in his letters. The inquiry comes as policymakers, regulators and financial institutions around the world increase scrutiny into the heist at Bank Bangladesh and a separate attempt to use fraudulent SWIFT messages to steal from a commercial bank in Vietnam. The Association of Banks in Singapore told Reuters it had invited SWIFT for a meeting in June to discuss the latest cyber attacks. The Bank of England last month ordered British banks to provide documentation on SWIFT security measures.  In his letters, Carper said there appeared to be no evidence the Federal Reserve systems were penetrated or compromised in the Bangladesh attack. The New York Federal Reserve has denied responsibility for the intrusion, which some security researchers have said was due to a flaw in the SWIFT bank messaging network. The identity of the Bangladesh hackers remains unknown. Brussels-based SWIFT is a cooperative owned by some 3,000 global financial institutions. A representative for SWIFT could not immediately be reached for comment. The New York Fed plans to respond, a representative said. Carper asked SWIFT how it shares information about cyber security threats against member banks, whether there were consequences for members who did not follow security standards and if it plans to revise its cyber security policies in response to the Bangladesh attacks, among other questions. He requested similar information from the Federal Reserve, including steps it has taken to coordinate with SWIFT, Bangladesh Bank, the Department of Homeland Security and Department of Treasury since the heist. Major U.S. banks are scrutinizing security of the SWIFT messaging network following the cyber attacks, according to media reports. ",1
9473,Clinton calls on world to break down barriers holding back girls,"COPENHAGEN (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - U.S. presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton called for renewed efforts to “break down the barriers holding back women and girls around the world” on Thursday. In a video address to Women Deliver, a major women’s health and rights conference, she said gender equality must be made a priority in the drive to meet new U.N. development goals. “Two decades ago at the U.N. fourth world conference on women in Beijing we came together and said with one voice that women’s rights are human rights. And the gains we’ve made since then prove that progress is possible,” she said. “But as you all know too well, our work is far from finished. This is an important moment as we chart a course to meet the new Sustainable Development Goals. We have to break down the barriers holding back women and girls around the world.” More than 5,500 delegates from over 160 countries  - including world leaders, ministers, health experts, economists, business leaders, activists, royalty and celebrities - have attended the four-day conference in Copenhagen. Discussions focused on how to put girls and women at the heart of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) agreed by world leaders last year to fight inequality and extreme poverty. “Gender equality, including sexual and reproductive health and rights, must be a core priority,” Clinton, the Democratic front-runner in the race to the White House, said in the unscheduled video address. “To get there we need greater political will and resources, and we need to continue to invest in more and better data to measure progress. “The Women Deliver summit is critical to this work,” Clinton added. “You carry the spirit of Beijing forward bringing in new voices and lifting up the next generation of leaders.” Mogens Lykketoft, president of the U.N. General Assembly, said he hoped a woman would become the next head of the world body when Ban Ki-moon steps down later this year. “It would be symbolically and of real value very important that at the end of 2016 we will have the first ever elected female U.N. secretary general, and the first ever female president of the most powerful of nations – the United States. “What a way to demonstrate that our shared vision can become a reality,” he said. Women candidates in the running include former New Zealand Prime Minister Helen Clark and UNESCO Director-General Irina Bokova of Bulgaria.      ",1
9474,UAW chief says union to endorse either Clinton or Sanders 'soon',"DETROIT (Reuters) - United Auto Workers President Dennis Williams said on Thursday the union will endorse either Democrat Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders for U.S. president “soon,” and called for unity among Democrats behind the eventual nominee. Williams, head of the richest U.S. union, vowed that the labor group will be “all in” to support the eventual Democratic nominee. The UAW has more than 1 million current and retired members. In a news conference at UAW headquarters, Williams did not say whether the UAW would endorse a candidate before the June 7 Democratic primary in California, but said he and top union leaders could decide quickly over the phone when the time comes to announce a decision. In early polling of UAW members, 28 percent preferred Donald Trump, who is now the presumptive Republican nominee. Williams said the poll was conducted at a time when Trump talked about bringing jobs back to the United States and before the union distributed comments Trump made last August in a Detroit News interview when he said U.S. automakers should shift production from Michigan to states where wages could be lowered. Williams would not reveal how Clinton or Sanders fared in the early polling among UAW members when Trump received about 28 percent of the support. Williams said he did not know the current level of support among UAW members for Trump, but he indicated that he is confident most of the onetime Trump supporters would side with a Democratic candidate. Williams said the Republican Party is for “free trade” and not “fair trade” and that the result of a Republican presidency would be lower wages for U.S. workers. “I don’t want a president that has a good line,” said the UAW chief. “I want to know what the detail is.” Williams said, “It’s not a game show.” Separately, he said he may seek a meeting with Tesla Motors Inc’s Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk when he calls on other corporate leaders. Williams said he met twice with Musk five years ago, before he became UAW president in mid-2014. Tesla’s factory in Fremont, California, which is nonunion, has increased production and the number of employees greatly since then. Williams said the UAW continues to work to organize the Tesla plant but he would not give any details on how intense that effort is. “It’s still a priority,” he said. ",1
9475,Senators introduce bill to block expansion of FBI hacking authority,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A small group of bipartisan senators introduced a bill Thursday that would block a pending judicial rule change allowing U.S. judges to issue search warrants for remote access to computers in any jurisdiction, even overseas, arguing the change would expand the FBI’s hacking authority. The one-page legislation from Democratic Senator Ron Wyden and Republican Senator Rand Paul would undo the change, adopted by the U.S. Supreme Court in a private vote last month and without congressional involvement, to procedural rules governing the court system. Republican Senator Steve Daines and Democrats Tammy Baldwin and Jon Tester are co-sponsoring the Stopping Mass Hacking Act. Magistrate judges currently can only order searches within the jurisdiction of their court, typically limited to a few counties. “This is a dramatic expansion of the government’s hacking and surveillance authority,” Wyden said in a statement. “Such a substantive change with an enormous impact on Americans’ constitutional rights should be debated by Congress, not maneuvered through an obscure bureaucratic process.” Companion legislation is expected in the House soon,  Wyden’s office said. The U.S. Justice Department has pushed for the rule change since 2013 and has portrayed it as a procedural tweak needed to modernize the criminal code to pursue sophisticated 21st century criminals. Congress has until Dec. 1 to vote to reject, amend or postpone the changes to Rule 41 of the federal rules of criminal procedure. If lawmakers fail to act, the change will automatically take effect, a scenario seen as likely given the short timeline.  But civil liberties groups and Alphabet’s Google  have argued the change should be properly authorized by Congress  and could violate the U.S. Constitution’s protections against unreasonable searches and seizures.  Many organizations have vowed to lobby Congress intensely in the coming months to block it. The change would permit judges to issue warrants in cases where a suspect uses anonymizing technology to conceal the location of his or her computer or for an investigation into a network of hacked or infected computers, such as a botnot. Tensions over the FBI’s secretive hacking tools, also known as “network investigative techniques,” have played out in a number of recent cases involving the bureau’s covert seizure of a dark web child pornography website in February 2015 to track thousands of the site’s visitors. Two defendants in the investigation secured rulings last month declaring the warrants used in their cases were invalid under current limitations of Rule 41. ",1
9476,"House lifts block on Google-hosted apps, Yahoo Mail remains blacklisted","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives’ information technology team this week reinstated access on its internet network to software applications hosted on a Google cloud service after the company addressed potential security fears, according to an email seen by Reuters. Yahoo Mail remains inaccessible, however, and has been blacklisted since the House Information Security Office said in an April 30 memo it had detected an increase of ransomware attacks on the network.  The two restrictions were not related, but came within days of each other and made some communication among lawmakers and their staff more difficult, several congressional aides said. Devices connected to the House’s internet via Wi-Fi or ethernet cables were barred from accessing appspot.com, the domain where Alphabet Inc’s Google hosts custom-built apps, on May 3 due to concerns about a potential security vulnerability identified publicly by the FBI in June 2015.	 “Based on Google’s corrective actions of removing suspicious applications from appspot.com, InfoSec has unblocked access to appspot.com on the House Network,” an email sent by the House’s technology service desk on Monday said. It is unclear if that apparent appspot.com flaw caused any damage or presented any actual threat. The House Information Service Office did not respond to a request for comment. In a statement, a Yahoo spokesperson said it had been working with the House’s technology staff to address their questions. “Unfortunately, we have been disappointed that they have not moved as quickly on recommended changes that would better protect its employees” the spokesperson said. Two individuals fell victim to ransomware by clicking on infected Word document email attachments, sources familiar with the hacking said. The infected files were able to be recovered without paying any ransom, sources told Reuters last week.",1
9477,"Guantanamo, rights issues in defense bill divide Congress","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top Democrat on the U.S. House of Representatives Armed Services Committee announced his opposition on Wednesday to the 2017 defense authorization bill, underscoring the partisan divide over the $602 billion defense policy measure. Representative Adam Smith said changes in the bill this week by Republicans, who control the House, on issues including women’s registration for the draft, transfers from the Guantanamo detention center and protection for gay and transgender employees of military contractors, had led him to oppose it. “These have tipped the balance of the bill considerably,” Smith said in a statement. President Barack Obama had already threatened to veto the House version of the National Defense Authorization Act, or NDAA, over a long list of issues, starting with its use of $18 billion of special war funds for day-to-day military programs to avoid automatic budget cuts. This week, the powerful House Rules Committee used a procedural move to remove, without a House vote, an amendment approved by the armed services committee that would have required women to register for the military draft. The Rules panel also decided not to allow debate on an amendment that would have stripped a “religious protection” measure from the bill that rights advocates fear would undo the president’s 2014 executive order banning federal contractors from discriminating based on sexual orientation or gender identity. Smith said he also objected to Republicans’ adding further restrictions on transfers from the military prison in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and reduction in funds for nuclear nonproliferation and other provisions. Republicans control 246 seats in the 435-member House, which passed the bill by a vote of 277-147 late on Wednesday, largely along party lines, with most Republicans backing the bill and most Democrats opposed. However, the Senate will pass its own version of the bill later this year, which will be reconciled with the House bill to create a final version of the legislation. Once passed by the Senate and House, that NDAA would be sent to the White House for Obama to sign into law, or veto. ",1
9478,House approves $622 million to combat Zika virus,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives passed a bill on Wednesday to provide $622.1 million to control the spread of the Zika virus, far below President Barack Obama’s request and lower than Senate legislation. The bill passed the Republican-controlled House 241 to 184, largely along party lines, and sets up a confrontation with both the Republican-majority Senate and the Democratic Obama administration.  The White House has threatened to veto the House bill, saying it was “woefully inadequate.” The Obama administration has requested $1.9 billion. On Tuesday, the Senate cleared the way for expected approval by the chamber on Thursday of $1.1 billion to fight the mosquito-borne Zika virus, which has been linked to birth defects. Unlike the Senate legislation, the House bill requires that the $622.1 million be fully offset with spending cuts elsewhere. Many conservative Republicans in the House refuse to approve Zika funds that would add to federal budget deficits, while Democrats and some Senate Republicans favor treating the problem as an emergency that would not have to be financed with spending cuts. House Republicans argue their bill, when coupled with $589 million the Obama administration already shifted to Zika from unused funds to battle Ebola, would provide enough money through Sept. 30, the end of this fiscal year. It was unclear how long it might take the Senate and House to work out their differences once they pass their respective bills. U.S. health officials have concluded that Zika infections in pregnant women can cause microcephaly, a birth defect marked by small head size that can lead to severe developmental problems in babies. The World Health Organization has said there is strong scientific consensus that Zika can also cause Guillain-Barre, a rare neurological syndrome that causes temporary paralysis in adults. Last year, Brazil began detecting an increase in microcephaly, and the virus has been spreading rapidly in the Americas, with new cases now being reported in warm climates in southern U.S. states including Florida. The Obama administration says it needs the emergency funds to help state and local governments eradicate mosquitoes that spread the virus and to develop a vaccine. ",1
9479,Facebook's Zuckerberg meets U.S. conservatives over bias controversy,"(Reuters) - Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg heard from more than a dozen U.S. conservative leaders on Wednesday and said he will work to build trust with users who believe the social network displays politically biased news content. After a closed-door meeting at the company’s Silicon Valley headquarters, Zuckerberg defended his company’s practices but acknowledged that many conservatives believe Facebook is politically liberal.  “It doesn’t make sense for our mission or our business to suppress political content,” Zuckerberg wrote on Facebook after the meeting.  “I know many conservatives don’t trust that our platform surfaces content without a political bias,” he added. “I wanted to hear their concerns personally and have an open conversation about how we can build trust. “ The editorial practices at the world’s largest social network came under scrutiny after a former Facebook contractor anonymously accused editors there of deliberately suppressing conservative news. The allegations were reported by technology news website Gizmodo, which did not identify the ex-contractor. Facebook has denied the allegations and said it would conduct a full investigation. A Facebook spokeswoman said the meeting produced “a constructive discussion” and some attendees called it productive. “I think Facebook is very sincere in wanting to resolve outstanding issues with conservatives,” Brent Bozell, president of the Media Research Center, said after the meeting. Attendees were frank about their concerns, but the tone was cordial, Bozell said. “Facebook invited that frank talk. People didn’t hold back too much,” he said.     On her Facebook page, conservative CNN commentator S.E. Cupp said the meeting had produced “strong commitments to address issues, as well as to work together on common goals.”   Other attendees included former White House press secretary Dana Perino, media personality Glenn Beck and former Republican Senator Jim DeMint. Zuckerberg said that while Silicon Valley has a reputation for being liberal, Facebook’s 1.6 billion users span every background and ideology. “The reality is, conservatives and Republicans have always been an important part of Facebook,” Zuckerberg wrote. Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump has more Facebook fans than any other presidential candidate, he said. Fox News “drives more interactions on its Facebook page than any other news outlet in the world,” Zuckerberg added. “It’s not even close.”  Fox News is owned by Rupert Murdoch’s 21st Century Fox (FOXA.O). Facebook employees who donate to presidential candidates lean Democratic. Seventy-nine percent of employee contributions to 2016 contenders went to Democrats, according to a Reuters analysis of campaign finance data, and 21 percent to Republicans. Zuckerberg has contributed to candidates in both parties. Sixty-percent of his donations during the 2014 midterm elections went to Republicans and 40 percent to Democrats. He has not supported a presidential candidate this cycle. Although a U.S. Senate committee is investigating whether there is liberal bias in selection of trending topics, there is little chance the government will try to regulate Facebook’s practices, said Republican Senator John Thune, chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee. “I don’t have any reason to believe that would be necessary,” Thune told reporters on Tuesday. Thune sent a letter to Facebook last week to demand that it explain its editorial decision-making and how stories are chosen for the “trending topics” feature. He said his primary concern was that Facebook was potentially being deceptive about how its news feed curation algorithms work.  Facebook last week released its guidelines for choosing trending topics, but the operations of the news feed algorithm remain closely guarded. Legal experts said the government has few tools to dictate how a private company makes news decisions. “As a legal matter, Facebook is not required to be even-handed,” said Eugene Volokh, a law professor at the University of California, Los Angeles. “Congress can’t introduce something that tries to prohibit Facebook from making these kinds of choices.” ",1
9480,Democrats chide Sanders after Nevada mutiny,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Infighting dogged the Democrats on Wednesday as Bernie Sanders’ campaign accused party leaders of bias against him and many Democrats urged Sanders to keep his supporters in check. The tensions after a chaotic weekend convention in Nevada emerged as Republicans begin to rally around their own outsider presidential candidate, billionaire businessman Donald Trump, in the general election. Trump, who has all but secured his party’s nomination, has turned his focus to November, outlining to Reuters on Tuesday  proposals including scrapping financial regulation and the Paris climate accords. On Wednesday, he  released a list of potential Supreme Court nominees. More Democrats urged Sanders on Wednesday to take a stronger stand against his supporters’ uprising in Nevada over the delegate selection process. They said he did not go far enough in condemning the unrest, which included a thrown chair, yelling and threats to convention leaders. “That was the time to have sent a full-throated message to his followers: that we don’t do this kind of thing,” U.S. Senator Dianne Feinstein of California said on CNN. Democrat Barbara Boxer, the other U.S. senator from California, was at the Nevada convention and expressed her concern to Sanders in a phone call on Tuesday night.  “I feared for my safety and had a lot of security around me,” she said. “I’ve never had anything like this happen.” Sanders’ campaign manager, Jeff Weaver, in a series of television interviews, accused Debbie Wasserman Schultz, the Democratic National Committee chairwoman, of bias against Sanders from the beginning and “throwing shade” on his campaign. “There’s a tremendous amount of frustration out there and people want to have a fair process,” Weaver said on CNN. Senior U.S. Senator Harry Reid of Nevada and Wasserman Schultz on Tuesdsay both also called on Sanders to do more to rein in his supporters. Sanders had said he condemned violence and harassment against individuals but framed Nevada’s incident as a warning to Democratic leaders to treat his supporters with fairness. The U.S. senator from Vermont is determined to fight on against front-runner Clinton in what has become a longer-than-expected and sometimes acrimonious battle. In contests on Tuesday, Clinton narrowly edged out Sanders in Kentucky, a state where she had not been expected to win. Sanders won Oregon, a state that played to his strengths. Democrats are faced with a delicate balancing act as long as Sanders remains in the race, needing to pivot toward Trump without taking Clinton’s nomination for granted and alienating passionate backers of Sanders. Sparring between the Sanders camp and the Democratic Party leaders over the Nevada events threatened party unity before the Democrats’ national convention in July in Philadelphia. “Unaddressed, the toxic relationship between DNC @ @SenSanders campaign, so evident last night, could cast dark cloud over Philly convention,” David Axelrod, a former top strategist for President Barack Obama, said on Twitter. Despite having an almost unassailable lead in the number of delegates needed to clinch the Democratic nomination, and with the  primary battle heading toward the final contests next month, Clinton will need Sanders supporters on her side in the general election. According to a recent Reuters/Ipsos survey, what played out in Nevada is just a glimpse into the uphill battle Clinton faces in courting them. If Clinton wins the nomination, for every six Democrats who support Sanders, one will switch their allegiance to Trump in the general election and two say they would not support either candidate. Only three of every six say they would support Clinton as the party’s nominee.  Sanders’ campaign has long accused party leaders of favoring Clinton, a former U.S. senator and secretary of state, for the presidential nomination in the face of his unexpectedly strong primary challenge. On Saturday, his supporters in Nevada became angry at the delegate selection process, booing, yelling and hurling insults, and at least one chair, toward the convention leaders. Nevada Democratic Party chairwoman, Roberta Lange, said she and her family, including a 5-year-old grandson, have received death threats and numerous callers have disrupted her workplace. On Wednesday, Lange said she wanted Sanders to acknowledge the threats, and apologize. “His statement was pretty weak,” she said on CNN. “Until you say you’re sorry, until you say what happened in Nevada should not have happened and it was wrong and it was fueled by your senior campaign staff people, then that’s an apology and then I think there’s some responsibility is taken.” ",1
9481,Hackers target presidential campaigns: U.S. spy chief,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. presidential campaigns face threats from hackers bent on espionage and other activity more nefarious than mere political mischief, the office of U.S. National Intelligence Director James Clapper said on Wednesday, but did not provide details on specific intrusions. “We’re aware that campaigns and related organizations and individuals are targeted by actors with a variety of motivations - from philosophical differences to espionage - and capabilities - from defacements to intrusions,” Clapper’s spokesman, Brian Hale, said in a statement, deferring to the FBI for details on specific incidents. Earlier, Clapper said the U.S. intelligence community had “already had some indications” of hacking attempts against presidential campaigns. “As the campaign intensifies we’ll probably have more” attacks, Clapper said at a morning event at the Bipartisan Policy Center in Washington. The hacking efforts against the campaigns are considered so serious that some congressional committees have been briefed on the activity, a government source said. “Given the intense scrutiny paid to the 2016 campaign, and the broad implications for U.S. foreign policy, it’s no surprise that actors are launching cyber attacks against presidential campaigns,” Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House of Representatives Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, said in a statement. The U.S. Secret Service, which is charged with protecting the presidential candidates, said in a statement that it works to prevent and detect cyber security threats and makes the candidates aware of vulnerabilities. Cyber attacks against political candidates occur in countries around the world. The last two U.S. presidential cycles in 2008 and 2012 witnessed a barrage of cyber attacks from a range of adversaries targeting President Barack Obama’s campaign and the campaigns of his Republican foes. U.S. intelligence officials have said many previous assaults were linked to Chinese hackers.  Matthew Prince, co-founder and chief executive of CloudFlare, which has provided internet security services to Donald Trump and other presidential candidates, said his company has seen a “surprisingly civil cyber landscape” in the United States compared with elections in other countries where it has worked, such as Turkey or Mexico.	 “We have not seen anything (in the United States) that would suggest a level of sophistication that you would see if a nation-state actor threw its full weight behind it,” Prince said. Clapper said the Department of Homeland Security and the Federal Bureau of Investigation are working to educate “both campaigns” about cyber threats, likely referring to the campaigns of Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee, and Hillary Clinton, the likely Democratic nominee. A U.S. security official said foreign hackers would likely seek information about a candidate’s foreign policy intentions and team and about the campaign’s internal operations. The Republican and Democratic candidates for president will begin receiving intelligence briefings after their official nominations at party conventions this summer.  Clapper said the two candidates would receive “exactly the same” briefings. He said the sessions would not be used to try to persuade Trump to soften his stance about a proposed ban on Muslim immigration, which some national security professionals have said is counterproductive to fighting Islamic extremism. “We’ve been doing this for many years, it’s not designed to shape anybody’s world view,” Clapper said. Because the candidates are briefed in person, U.S. intelligence officials said they are not concerned about hackers eavesdropping on the sessions. But they are worried that Trump or Clinton might share information with aides, advisers or supporters using email systems that are less secure than those the government uses for classified information.  One official, speaking on the condition of anonymity, cited Clinton’s previous use of a private email server when she was secretary of state and noted Trump’s reputation for speaking, and tweeting, off the top of his head. ",1
9482,Wall Street bearish on Trump's call to scrap financial reform law,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. banking lobbyists said on Wednesday they disagree with presidential candidate Donald Trump’s call for a wholesale repeal of President Barack Obama’s financial reform law, even though they share his view that it is overly burdensome. U.S. banks do want changes to the 2010 Dodd-Frank law but after spending millions of dollars to bring themselves into compliance with it, they are wary of Trump’s call for it to be essentially scrapped. Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, vowed on Tuesday to dismantle most of the law. “Dodd Frank has made it impossible for bankers to function,” he told Reuters in an interview. Richard Hunt, head of the Consumer Bankers Association, a Washington trade group, said he appreciated Trump’s interest in changes to the financial regulatory system. “It certainly needs some perfecting,” he said. “To have an outright repeal of Dodd-Frank I don’t think would serve the banking industry or consumers,” Hunt said, adding that it would create a messy regulatory environment.  For instance, he said repealing Dodd-Frank would end the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which was created by the law, and it would be unclear which agency would take over its oversight of consumer products such as mortgages.        The wariness within the industry about gutting Dodd-Frank came as critics of Wall Street slammed Trump’s proposal as a gift to big banks. Congress passed Dodd-Frank in response to the 2007-2009 financial crisis. In addition to creating the new consumer agency, the law restricted banks’ ability to make risky investments and gave regulators new power over Wall Street executives’ pay. In addition to seeking legislative changes to Dodd-Frank, the U.S. financial industry has spent much of the last six years wielding its clout in a quieter way by trying to push regulatory agencies to implement the law in ways they consider manageable. Banks still want tweaks to the rules, such as simpler capital requirements - which limit banks’ reliance on debt for funding - and carve-outs from the toughest rules for small- and mid-sized institutions. There could be risks for the banking industry should Trump or a Democratic successor to Obama push for a reopening of Dodd-Frank following the Nov. 8 election. Anger at Wall Street has been a potent theme in the election so far and resonates strongly with both Democratic and Republican voters.  One reason banks fear pushing for a complete overhaul of the Dodd-Frank law is the possibility that it could be replaced by even tighter regulations, said Jaret Seiberg, a policy analyst with Guggenheim Partners, in a note to clients on Wednesday. For instance, some bank critics on both sides of the political spectrum have called for replacing Dodd-Frank’s litany of regulations with much tougher restrictions on banks’ debt. “The odds favor Trump’s solution being even more onerous for large financial firms than the status quo,” Seiberg said.     A source who has advised banks on regulatory issues told Reuters that Trump’s scathing critique of Dodd-Frank far overstated the problems with the law. “Most thinking people in the industry would dispute these characterizations,” the source said. “Are some pieces of Dodd Frank problematic? Yes. But there is, on balance, more good than bad.”    Former U.S. Representative Barney Frank, a Massachusetts Democrat for whom the law is named, said Trump’s comments could backfire because of voter antipathy toward Wall Street. “He says he’ll be enemy of Wall Street, and he’s giving Wall street what it most wants,” Frank told Reuters. ",1
9483,Trump: 'most likely' would choose a Supreme Court nominee from list,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, said that if elected in November he would “most likely” choose a U.S. Supreme Court justice from the list of 11 people he released on Wednesday. “We are going to choose from, most likely from this list. But at a minimum we will keep people within this general realm,” Trump said in an excerpt of an interview to be broadcast Wednesday night on Fox News. ",1
9484,Potential Trump high court nominee mocked him on Twitter,"(Reuters) - A Texas judge identified by Donald Trump on Wednesday as one of 11 people he would consider nominating to the U.S. Supreme Court has repeatedly mocked the presumptive Republican presidential nominee on social media.  Texas Supreme Court Justice Don Willett last month likened Trump to “Star Wars” villain Darth Vader in a Twitter post.  ""'We'll rebuild the Death Star. It'll be amazing, believe me. And the rebels will pay for it.' —Darth Trump,"" Willett tweeted last month with a photo of the Death Star, the giant spherical spaceship built to carry a planet-destroying weapon in the first ""Star Wars"" movie.  Willett also linked Trump to liberal Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg.  “Can’t wait till Trump rips off his face Mission Impossible-style & reveals a laughing Ruth Bader Ginsburg,” Willett posted on Twitter last August.  Last June he mocked Trump’s judgment on picking a nominee to the high court.  “Donald Trump haiku— Who would the Donald Name to #SCOTUS? The mind reels. *weeps—can’t finish tweet*” tweeted Willett (@JusticeWillett) on the same day Trump launched his candidacy. SCOTUS refers to the Supreme Court of the United States.  Asked to comment on Willett’s Twitter remarks, Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks said, “Mr. Trump’s sole focus is considering the best potential individuals based on their constitutional principles.”  Alabama U.S. Senator Jeff Sessions, a key Trump backer, was asked on Fox News Channel about the judge’s Twitter posts, replying, “I doubt he cares.” Sessions said it was more important to ask whether Willett “follows the Constitution,” is a good scholar, has integrity and meets the high standards expected of a Supreme Court justice.  Willett’s enthusiastic tweeting would be a pivot from the current social media presence of Supreme Court justices. None of the eight sitting justices has a verified Twitter account.  Willett did not immediately respond to a call seeking comment.  ",1
9485,Trump threat to renegotiate U.N. climate deal causes dismay abroad,"OSLO/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s vow to renegotiate the global accord on climate change if elected U.S. president caused dismay abroad on Wednesday, with supporters of the deal saying it was in his interests to embrace a plan that seeks to end dependence on fossil fuels. U.S. insistence on renegotiation could unravel a 195-nation compromise to curb greenhouse gas emissions reached in Paris in December after fraught talks between nations as different as China, the United States, small island states and OPEC members. “The Paris Agreement is as much in the United States’ interests as any other country,” said Tony de Brum, ambassador for climate change of the Marshall Islands who, as his country’s foreign minister, helped broker the U.N. deal. “Seeking to unravel it would not only threaten the U.S. economy, damage its environment, and weaken its security, but it would do a great disservice to all of humanity,” he said. Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, told Reuters on Tuesday he was “not a big fan” of the climate accord.  He said China and other countries would not stick to the “one-sided” deal, which seeks to transform the world economy from fossil fuels in coming decades to slow global warming. “I will be looking at that very, very seriously, and at a minimum I will be renegotiating those agreements, at a minimum. And at a maximum I may do something else,” he said. Trump has said in the past he believes global warming is a concept that was invented by China to hurt the competitiveness of U.S. business. Government officials meeting in Bonn, Germany, from May 16-26 to find ways to implement the deal, raised concerns about Trump’s comments but doubted he would take serious action. That’s because the deal imposes no real constraints on the United States - it lets all nations define their own actions for fighting climate change. President Barack Obama has promised to cut emissions by 2025, but his successors will face no penalties if they do not comply, meaning little incentive to challenge the U.N. deal. Many officials also say it is in U.S. interests to limit greenhouse gas emissions, partly because cuts in the use of fossil fuels also means less air pollution, a big cause of disease. Even many nations traditionally sceptical that man-made greenhouse emissions stoke climate change, like OPEC countries, have gone along with the Paris Agreement. George David Banks, a senior climate change adviser to President George W. Bush and a Trump supporter, said Trump could try to force countries like China to pledge deeper emissions cuts by renegotiating the agreement. That’s wishful thinking, according to John Coequyt, director of green group the Sierra Club’s international climate campaigns. “You can’t get more than 190 countries to renegotiate a deal they are implementing,” he said. The Paris Agreement will formally enter into force when 55 nations representing at least 55 percent of world greenhouse gas emissions have ratified it. China and the United States, representing 38 percent, say they will join this year. If the deal enters into force before the next U.S. president takes office next year, it will in theory be harder to pull out. Article 28 says any nation wanting to leave has to wait four years from the date of entry into force - the length of a U.S. presidential term. Trump’s easiest option is to neglect the deal if elected, legal experts say. Trump could ignore the targets set by Obama and promise instead to help developing nations cope with global warming. The Paris Agreement’s flexible approach, allowing all to set their own goals, is radically different from the U.N.’s 1997 Kyoto Protocol, which set mandatory targets for developed nations to cut emissions until 2012. The United States did not take part in Kyoto - President George W. Bush denounced it as an economic straitjacket that, he said, unfairly omitted targets for developing nations led by China and India. Former French foreign minister Laurent Fabius, who helped broker the Paris deal, said this month that the U.S. election was critical to its future. “If a climate change denier was to be elected, it would threaten dramatically global action against climate disruption,” he said. But U.S. chief climate envoy Jonathan Pershing said last week that other nations were likely to push ahead with the Paris Agreement whoever wins the White House.  ",1
9486,"House members defend NATO, in rebuke to Trump","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican and Democratic members of the U.S. House of Representatives introduced a resolution reaffirming American support for NATO on Wednesday, in a rebuke of criticism of the alliance by presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump.  The resolution introduced by Republican Adam Kinzinger and Democrat John Delaney says that the North American Treaty Organization is central to the national security interest of the United States. Campaigning for president, Trump has said the 67-year-old alliance is obsolete and costs the United States too much, and that European nations should look after their own defense. “The world is safer with an engaged America, and I firmly believe our participation in NATO greatly matters to America’s national security,” Kinzinger said in a statement. Including the two lead sponsors, the resolution was backed by two Republicans and 18 Democrats. ",1
9487,Congress forecasters see major savings from sentencing reforms,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A criminal justice bill awaiting a vote by the U.S. Senate would reduce federal prison costs by $722 million over the next 10 years by releasing thousands of federal prisoners early, congressional forecasters said on Wednesday. Federal benefits received by the newly released prisoners would increase direct spending by $251 million and reduce revenues by $8 million over the same period, according to the estimate by the U.S. Congressional Budget Office. The new savings estimate buoyed supporters of the bipartisan measure to lower mandatory minimum sentences for some non-violent federal drug offenders, which is central to President Barack Obama’s efforts to overhaul the country’s federal criminal justice system and reduce prison overcrowding.  “We have an obligation to change the way we think about incarceration, and today’s CBO report shows that we have a fiscal obligation as well,” said the bill’s co-authors, U.S. senators Charles Grassley, a Republican from Iowa, and Richard Durbin, a Democrat from Illinois, in a statement. The bill was revised last month to exclude prisoners convicted of violent crimes in an effort to garner more support among conservatives.  Still, its prospects for moving to a full Senate vote remain unclear. Some key Republican senators are reluctant to support the bill until it includes changes to “mens rea” laws that govern criminal intent.  Parallel sentencing reforms await a floor vote in the U.S. House of Representatives. A White House study last month found that current sentencing and incarceration policies strain state budgets, take people out of the work force and pull families apart more than they reduce crime or boost the U.S. economy. (Refiles to fix misspelling of “mens rea” in sixth paragraph.) ",1
9488,U.S. Senate set to approve $1.1 billion in Zika virus funding,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate on Tuesday cleared the way for approval of $1.1 billion in immediate funds to battle the Zika virus that is linked to birth defects, well above what is in legislation pending in the House of Representatives. By a vote of 68-29, senators limited debate on the measure, paving the way for likely Senate approval this week. Two other funding approaches failed to get enough support to advance in the Senate. Meanwhile, the White House threatened to veto a $622.1 million Zika bill poised to pass the House of Representatives later this week, saying it was “woefully inadequate.” Unlike the Senate legislation, the House bill also requires that the $622.1 million be fully offset with spending cuts elsewhere. Many conservative Republicans in the House refuse to approve Zika funds that would add to federal budget deficits, while Democrats and some Senate Republicans favor treating the problem as an emergency that would not have to be financed with spending cuts. Republican Senator Roy Blunt from Missouri told reporters that the Senate measure “trimmed this package back (from Obama’s request) to what really addresses the emergency at the time.” Democratic Senator Patty Murray from Washington, who crafted the legislation with Blunt, added, “We are going to need to keep the pressure on House Republicans to set aside their partisan bill and actually get the administration the emergency resources they need.” It was unclear how long it might take the Senate and House to work out their differences once they pass their respective bills. U.S. health officials have concluded that Zika infections in pregnant women can cause microcephaly, a birth defect marked by small head size that can lead to severe developmental problems in babies. The World Health Organization has said there is strong scientific consensus that Zika can also cause Guillain-Barre, a rare neurological syndrome that causes temporary paralysis in adults. Last year, Brazil began detecting an increase in microcephaly and the virus has been spreading rapidly in the Americas, with new cases now being reported in warm climates in southern U.S. states including Florida. House Republicans argue their $622.1 million bill, when coupled with $589 million the Obama administration already shifted to Zika from unused funds to battle Ebola, would provide enough money through Sept. 30, the end of this fiscal year. The administration says it needs the emergency funds to help state and local governments eradicate mosquitoes that spread the virus and to develop a vaccine. (This version of the story was corrected to say $622.1 million from $622.1 billion in the 3rd and 11th paragraphs.) ",1
9489,Many Senate Democrats frustrated with slow U.S. Syrian refugee admissions,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - More than half the Democrats in the Senate, including many of President Barack Obama’s strongest supporters, signed a letter to him on Wednesday urging him to move more quickly to admit Syrian refugees into the United States. Despite Obama’s pledge to admit 10,000 of the people fleeing Syria’s civil war in the year ending this September, only 1,736 have been allowed into the country so far. In contrast, more than 6,000 have been admitted from Myanmar and more than 5,000 have been admitted from Iraq. “We urge your Administration to devote the necessary resources to expeditiously and safely resettle refugees from Syria,” the 27 senators wrote in the letter, which was seen by Reuters. “We are deeply concerned about the slow pace of admissions for Syrian refugees in the first seven months of the fiscal year,” the letter said. The lead signers on the letter included Senator Richard Durbin, the number two Democrat in the Senate, and Senator Amy Klobuchar. The letter was signed by 25 other members of the Democratic caucus, including presidential candidate Bernie Sanders It requested an update on specific measures the administration plans to take to fulfill its commitment to resettle the remaining 8,264 Syrians within five months. Obama said in late April that he expected the United States to meet his goal of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees before Sept. 30, the end of the federal fiscal year. But Obama’s promise sparked a firestorm of criticism in the United States, mostly from Republicans who say that violent militants could enter the country by posing as refugees. More than 30 governors, most of them Republicans, have tried to block refugees from coming to their states. The United States has offered refuge to far fewer of the millions fleeing war in Syria and Iraq than many of its closest allies. Germany has taken in hundreds of thousands. Canada admitted 26,859 Syrian refugees between Nov. 4, 2015, and May 1, 2016. “Other nations, including ours, can and should do much more,” the senators said in the letter. ",1
9490,U.S. extends overtime pay to 4.2 million salaried workers,"(Reuters) - The Obama administration on Tuesday unveiled the final version of a long-awaited and controversial rule to extend overtime pay to 4.2 million U.S. workers, which marks one of the administration’s most significant moves to address stagnant wages.  The rule, which has drawn intense criticism from business groups and Republicans, doubles the maximum annual income a salaried worker can earn and still be automatically eligible for overtime pay from $23,660 to $47,476 and requires that threshold to be updated every three years. It takes effect Dec. 1. Officials said many workers will earn more money, an estimated total of $12 billion over the next decade, while others will work fewer hours for the same pay. “More than 4 million workers are either going to be paid more or get time back to raise their family, go to school … or retrain to get a better job,” Vice President Joe Biden said during a phone call with reporters on Tuesday. The rule will likely touch nearly every sector of the U.S. economy but is expected to have the greatest impact on nonprofit groups, retail companies, hotels and restaurants, which have many management workers whose salaries are below the new threshold. Business groups, which lobbied heavily against the changes, say companies will be forced to cut wages and hours and may slow hiring. The Obama administration and supporters of the new rule say the $23,660 threshold allowed companies to hold down labor costs by requiring workers with relatively low incomes to work well over 40 hours per week without additional pay. The rule will likely face legal challenges, including claims that the U.S. Labor Department flouted legal requirements for creating new regulations. Republicans in Congress have said they will move to block the rule, but they would need to overcome a veto from President Barack Obama.  The new threshold was lower than the $50,440 standard proposed by the Obama administration last year, but the last-minute change to lower it, which was widely expected, did little to appease critics.  Any federal standard above the $35,100 overtime threshold in New York, which has a high cost of living, will inhibit economic growth in more rural states in the South and Midwest, Tammy McCutchen, a Washington D.C. lawyer who works with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, said on Tuesday before the final rule was announced. The threshold also disappointed proponents of the new rule, including Ross Eisenbrey of the left-leaning Economic Policy Institute, who first pitched an overhaul to the White House in 2013. “It means a million fewer employees will be helped,” he said before the rule was released. ",1
9491,"Democrats Clinton, Sanders split nominating contests in Oregon, Kentucky","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democrat candidates Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders each picked up primary wins on Tuesday in yet another demonstration of how divided the party is in the drawn-out national race to win the nomination for November’s general election. Clinton narrowly defeated Sanders in Kentucky, a state where she was not expected to win. Sanders bested her in Oregon, a state that played to his strengths. In Kentucky, the two candidates will likely split the 55 delegates up for grabs. In Oregon, Sanders will take only a handful more of the 61 delegates that were awarded.     Clinton’s sizeable lead in delegates means it is likely she will eventually be her party’s nominee, but she remains more than 100 delegates short of sealing the deal. The Democratic primary now hits a two-week lull, with the final set major contests, including California, scheduled for June 7. Clinton, who spent the past two days campaigning in Kentucky, would like to lock up the nomination and turn her attention to the Nov. 8 general election and presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump. Trump has begun to organize his general election campaign. On Tuesday, he signed a joint fundraising agreement with the Republican National Committee. The agreement allows him to raise $449,400 from a single donor by splitting the funds between his campaign, the RNC and state Republican parties.  Trump, who eschewed donations in the political system through the primary, has thus far insisted on mostly self-funding his campaign. The shift to a more traditional fundraising approach could draw the ire of some supporters. Trump, in an interview with Megyn Kelly that aired on Fox News Tuesday night, said he did have regrets about his actions during the Republican primary process. “I could have used different language in a couple of instances, but overall I’m happy with the outcome,” Trump said.  Sanders supporters became angry when Nevada state party officials chose to end their convention and block efforts to award the U.S. senator from Vermont more delegates than he initially won in the February caucus. Clinton won the caucus. The Nevada incident was a warning about the potential for fireworks at July’s Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia. Clinton’s campaign continued to express confidence that she would be able to unify the party. “Hillary Clinton is grateful to the thousands of Nevadans who came out to participate in the caucuses and convention process,” Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook said. “She believes every voice should be heard and no one should be intimidated, harassed or threatened in this process. When the primary process is complete, our party must come together and ensure a Democrat is elected to serve as our next president,” Mook said. Sanders on Tuesday joined his supporters in criticizing the Nevada Democratic Party after Saturday’s events. One Sanders supporter threw a chair, unhappy about being blocked in a rules vote that was part of the effort to help the senator win more delegates to the national convention. Others drew chalk graffiti on a party building, while the state’s party chairwoman has been receiving death threats. Sanders framed Nevada’s incident as a warning. “If the Democratic Party is to be successful in November, it is imperative that all state parties treat our campaign supporters with fairness and the respect that they have earned,” Sanders said in a statement on the Nevada incident.   Sanders - who said he condemns violence and personal harassment of individuals - leveled some of the same complaints his supporters did, arguing that state party Chairwoman Roberta Lange did not allow a headcount on a disputed rules change. He also argued that 64 delegates to the state convention were not given a hearing before being ruled ineligible. The state party disputed the Sanders campaign’s interpretation of the events. It said some delegates did not show up at the convention and others were disqualified because they were not registered as Democrats in time. “The Sanders campaign is continuing to be dishonest about what happened Saturday and is failing to adequately denounce the threats of violence of his supporters,” the Nevada Democratic Party said in a statement. Sanders supporters began circulating a picture of Lange on the internet that included her cellphone number and encouraged others to contact her to express their unhappiness.  Lange said on MSNBC she had been receiving death threats, including many containing vulgar language. Public messages sent to her Twitter account included a barrage of derogatory statements. MSNBC played some of the voicemails, including one saying “people like you should be hung in a public execution.” “What you heard is a few of the thousands of emails and texts and Facebook messages and Twitter messages that I’ve gotten,” Lange said on MSNBC. “Threats to my family, to my grandson, to my husband.  Sanders’ continued presence in the race is prompting concerns among Clinton allies that he will damage her ability to take on Trump and hurt her in the fall.  But Sanders supporters shrug off that worry, arguing that Trump is such a flawed candidate that Clinton will easily dispatch with him if she faces him in the Nov. 8 election. Clinton’s camp seems to agree.  “Ultimately, we are confident that the passion and energy from the primary will be united in a common purpose — to move forward the ideals of our party and keep the White House out of Donald Trump’s hands,” her campaign manager Mook said. ",1
9492,Clinton begins Appalachia tour in Trump-friendly coal country,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton begins a two-day tour on Monday through rural, traditionally coal-reliant parts of the eastern Appalachian region where Republican rival Donald Trump’s pro-coal, anti-trade message has resonated with economically distressed voters.  Clinton, in a move to reclaim her early pledge to focus on helping the struggling region resuscitate its economies, will meet the head of a local steel workers union, retired mine workers and others in Kentucky, West Virginia and Ohio affected by declining coal and steel prices. Her pledge of more than $30 billion to help coal regions was overshadowed in March when Clinton, at an Ohio town hall, said the country would “put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of business.” Clinton’s statement was seized upon by coal industry groups and Republican lawmakers such as U.S. Senators Rand Paul and Mitch McConnell, both from Kentucky, as evidence she planned to continue carrying out President Barack Obama’s regulatory “war” on coal. Clinton immediately sent an apology letter to Democratic U.S. Senator Joe Manchin of West Virginia, an early supporter, pledging to “focus my team and administration on bringing jobs to Appalachia” and help its residents adjust to a wave of coal company bankruptcies and changes in the U.S. energy market. Her decision to embark on an Appalachian tour is in part timed ahead of Democratic nominating contests in West Virginia on May 10 and in Kentucky on May 17 as she seeks to secure the nomination before the party’s July convention. Clinton won Ohio’s contest in mid-March, besting rival Bernie Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont. However, her aides say her decision to focus on the region also reflects her commitment to show voters she will work for them if elected, even if they do not support her now.  Clinton’s husband, former President Bill Clinton, campaigned on Sunday in West Virginia, encountering protests from Trump supporters and being asked about Clinton’s town hall remark and subsequent apology, according to local media reports. Manchin accompanied the former president, who is also expected to campaign in Kentucky on Tuesday. West Virginia last voted for a Democratic presidential candidate in 1996, when Bill Clinton was running for his second four-year term. He is the only Democrat who has won Kentucky since 1980. During her first presidential run, Clinton defeated Obama in the 2008 primaries in those states but lost the nomination to him. Her tour is an early move to siphon support from Trump, the front-runner for the Republican nomination, who has called for continued coal production and dismissed environmental concerns as a policy priority. Clinton’s first stop, at a restaurant in Ashland, Kentucky, will be a discussion with the leader of a local steel workers union and several of some 600 workers who were laid off when AK Steel Holding Corp announced in October that it would idle one of its furnaces amid a supply glut and lower steel prices. Clinton last month criticized China’s announcement that it was encouraging increased steel output amid a global surplus that is driving down prices and said, if elected, she would crack down on Chinese trade practices. She will continue to Williamson, West Virginia, a once-thriving town near the state’s border with Kentucky in Mingo County, the heart of the coal-producing region. Its main streets had been dotted with empty store fronts as coal mining employment has been cut in half over the past four years. The town is now trying to reshape its economy. Clinton will meet retired mine workers there and also tour the Williamson Health and Wellness Center, which serves as the nerve center for a local program that aims to drive economic revitalization through a health-focused, local-foods movement using land once designated for mining to drive large-scale agricultural development. Aides say Clinton’s interest in the region’s economic troubles was piqued after she left the U.S. State Department in 2013. She circulated data to aides then about studies related to decreased life expectancies for less-educated white adults in Appalachia, where the decline in coal-related employment has been accompanied by a growth in opioid addiction, diabetes and other health issues. Clinton has throughout her campaign criticized attempts made by coal companies to “shirk” the responsibility to pay healthcare benefits for retirees during bankruptcy proceedings, saying the country owes them gratitude for fueling decades of economic success. ",1
9493,Silicon Valley mocks Trump over his tech bubble warning,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Tuesday warned that a dangerous financial bubble has formed in the technology industry - and Silicon Valley responded with a collective eye roll.  In a Reuters interview, the New York billionaire said technology start-ups that had never earned a profit were able to sell shares at very high prices, likening the situation to the overheated stock market in 2007. “I’m talking about companies that have never made any money, that have a bad concept and that are valued at billions of dollars, so here we go again,” Trump said. Many tech watchers have repeatedly warned of a tech bubble as the number of private companies valued at $1 billion or more - known as unicorns - have soared to 163, according to venture capital research firm CB Insights. So Trump’s declaration, in the eyes of Silicon Valley’s entrepreneurs and venture capitalists, was nothing new. Investors and others took to Twitter to poke fun at Trump’s campaign slogan “Make America Great Again!” by repeating the phrase, “Make Bubbles Great Again.”     “FINALLY someone calls it out,” Marc Andreessen, a general partner at the prominent venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz, tweeted, mocking Trump. In the interview, Trump said the high valuations that tech start-ups are able to fetch today remind him of 2007, when an overheated housing market helped drive U.S. stocks to unsustainable valuations before the bubble burst. “You have a stock market that is very strange,” the presumptive Republican nominee said. “You look at some of these tech stocks that are so, so weak as a concept and a company, and they’re selling for so much money. And I would have said can that ever happen again? I think that could happen again.” Some startup founders rejected Trump’s generalization that all companies are burning cash and overvalued; certainly many of them are, and in the last several months a correction has started to rectify years of exuberant investments.  Still, other companies continue to raise money successfully and turn profits. “So far he has been saying dumb things but they seem to be getting dumber and dumber,” Vivek Wadhwa, an entrepreneur and Stanford University fellow, told Reuters. “I was going to tweet (the comments) while calling Peter Thiel and saying, ‘Here is your buddy.’” Thiel, an influential investor well-known for his contrarian ideas, is one of the few Silicon Valley leaders to openly support Trump. Thiel was not immediately available for comment. “There is nothing in his (Trump’s) track record to show that he has been out here and met with any technology leaders and knows this industry and knows about innovation,” said Aaron Ginn, co-founder of the Lincoln Initiative, a community that promotes libertarian and technology-friendly values.  Which is ironic, Ginn said, given how much technology - especially Twitter - has helped Trump’s campaign. “He says things and does things that are made for entertainment,” Ginn said. Read more on our interview with Trump here ",1
9494,"Exclusive: Trump would talk to North Korea's Kim, wants to renegotiate climate accord","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said on Tuesday he is willing to talk to North Korean leader Kim Jong Un to try to stop Pyongyang’s nuclear program, proposing a major shift in U.S. policy toward the isolated nation. In a wide-ranging interview with Reuters, Trump also called for a renegotiation of the Paris climate accord, said he disapproved of Russian President Vladimir Putin’s actions in eastern Ukraine, and said he would seek to dismantle most of the U.S. Dodd-Frank financial regulations if he is elected president. The presumptive Republican nominee declined to share details of his plans to deal with North Korea, but said he was open to talking to its leader.  “I would speak to him, I would have no problem speaking to him,” he said.  Asked whether he would try to talk some sense into the North Korean leader, Trump replied, “Absolutely.”  North Korea’s mission to the United Nations did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Trump’s remarks.     Trump, 69, also said he would press China, Pyongyang’s only major diplomatic and economic supporter, to help find a solution. “I would put a lot of pressure on China because economically we have tremendous power over China,” he said in the interview in his office on the 26th floor of Trump Tower in Manhattan. “China can solve that problem with one meeting or one phone call.”     A Chinese official said dialogue was needed to resolve issues on the Korean peninsula. “China supports direct talks and communication between the United States and North Korea. We believe this is beneficial,” Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei told reporters. Trump’s preparedness to talk directly with Kim contrasts with President Barack Obama’s policy of relying on senior U.S. officials to talk to senior North Korean officials. Obama has not engaged personally with Kim, but he has pushed for new diplomatic overtures to Iran and Cuba that produced a nuclear deal with Tehran and improved ties with Havana. Sitting at his desk with an expansive view of Central Park, Trump spoke at length about his economic and foreign policy ideas in the half-hour interview. Facing him on his desk is a framed photograph of his father, the late Fred Trump. A wall displays framed photos of Trump with various celebrities, as well as numerous magazine covers on which he has appeared. On Russia, Trump tempered past praise of Putin, saying the nice comments the Russian leader has made about him in the past would only go so far. “The fact that he said good things about me doesn’t mean that it’s going to help him in a negotiation. It won’t help him at all,” he said. An adviser to Hillary Clinton, the leading Democratic presidential candidate, criticized Trump’s foreign policy comments, noting they came soon after Trump said he was unlikely to have a good relationship with British Prime Minister David Cameron.  “Let me get this straight: Donald Trump insults the leader of our closest ally, then turns around and says he’d love to talk to Kim Jong Un?” Clinton’s senior foreign policy adviser, Jake Sullivan, said in a statement. Trump “seems to have a bizarre fascination with foreign strongmen like Putin and Kim. But his approach to foreign policy makes no sense for the rest of us,” he said. In the Reuters interview, Trump said he thought Cameron’s criticism of him was inappropriate but “I’m sure I’ll have a good relationship with him.” Trump said he is “not a big fan” of the Paris climate accord, which prescribes reductions in carbon emissions by more than 170 countries. He said he would want to renegotiate the deal because it treats the United States unfairly and gives favorable treatment to countries like China.  “I will be looking at that very, very seriously, and at a minimum I will be renegotiating those agreements, at a minimum. And at a maximum I may do something else,” he said. A renegotiation of the pact would be a major setback for what was hailed as the first truly global climate accord, committing both rich and poor nations to reining in the rise in greenhouse gas emissions blamed for warming the planet. Trump has been criticized for offering far fewer specific policy proposals than Clinton, his likely rival for the Nov. 8 presidential election. The New York billionaire said he planned to release a detailed policy platform in two weeks that would propose dismantling nearly all of Dodd-Frank, a package of financial reforms put in place after the 2007-2009 financial crisis. “Dodd-Frank is a very negative force, which has developed a very bad name,” he said. Trump took a dim view of Clinton’s stated desire to put her husband, former President Bill Clinton, in charge of building up the U.S. economy.  “The wife wants to make him in charge of the economy,” he said. Clinton described Trump’s idea of dismantling Dodd-Frank as reckless. “Latest reckless idea from Trump: gut rules on Wall Street, and leave middle-class families out to dry,” she said on Twitter. Trump said he perceived a dangerous financial bubble in the tech start-up industry, with some companies selling shares at high valuations without ever turning a profit. “I’m talking about companies that have never made any money, that have a bad concept and that are valued at billions of dollars,” he said. Silicon Valley investors responded on Twitter by poking fun at Trump’s campaign slogan “Make America Great Again!” by repeating the phrase, “Make Bubbles Great Again.” On the U.S. Federal Reserve, Trump said that while he eventually wants a Republican to head it, he is “not an enemy” of current chair Janet Yellen, who was appointed by Obama. “I’m not a person that thinks Janet Yellen is doing a bad job. I happen to be a low-interest rate person unless inflation rears its ugly head, which can happen at some point,” he said, adding that inflation “doesn’t seem like it’s happening any time soon.”     The real estate mogul said he would maintain the current level of benefits for Social Security recipients, a position championed by former Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee. Trump said he would not raise the retirement age or impose a sliding scale of benefits depending on income levels. Some Republican lawmakers have pushed for structural reforms to Social Security to extend its solvency. The depleted Social Security Trust Fund, Trump said, would be replenished by the increased tax revenue that would flow into the government from the higher job growth spurred by his economic policies. ",1
9495,Exclusive: Skeptical Trump says would renegotiate global climate deal,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Republican presidential contender Donald Trump said on Tuesday he would renegotiate America’s role in the U.N. global climate accord, spelling potential doom for an agreement many view as a last chance to turn the tide on global warming. A pull-out by the world’s second biggest carbon-emitting country would hobble the deal reached in Paris last December by nearly 200 nations, who for the first time in more than two decades found a common vision for curbing greenhouse gas emissions. “I will be looking at that very, very seriously, and at a minimum I will be renegotiating those agreements, at a minimum. And at a maximum I may do something else,” the New York real estate mogul said in an interview with Reuters.  “But those agreements are one-sided agreements and they are bad for the United States.” Trump said he did not believe China, the world’s top emitter of the carbon dioxide gas that many scientists believe is contributing to global climate change, would adhere to its pledge under the Paris deal. “Not a big fan because other countries don’t adhere to it, and China doesn’t adhere to it, and China’s spewing into the atmosphere,” he said. The accord to transform the world’s fossil-fuel driven economy was a potent signal to investors.  It seeks to limit a rise in global temperatures to less than 2 degrees Celsius through combined national pledges to cut emissions, and provide funding for developing nations to mitigate the damaging effects of a sea level rise and climate change. The Obama administration pledged a 26 to 28 percent domestic reduction in greenhouse gases by 2025 compared to 2005, while China promised it would halt increases in carbon emissions by 2030. Both countries have promised to ratify the deal this year. Many U.S. Republicans have found fault with the deal for overreacting to what they see as an uncertain threat. Former French foreign minister Laurent Fabius, who helped broker the deal, said this month that the U.S. election was critical to its future. “If a climate change denier was to be elected, it would threaten dramatically global action against climate disruption,” he said. Trump has said that he believes global warming is a concept that was invented by China to hurt the competitiveness of U.S. business. One of his energy policy advisers is a climate change skeptic, U.S. Congressman Kevin Cramer of North Dakota. Hillary Clinton, the leading Democratic contender for the White House, has advocated shifting the country to 50 percent clean energy by 2030. Trump’s comment drew fire from environmental advocates. “This is another example of Trump’s dangerous lack of judgment and the very real impacts it could have for all of us,” said Gene Karpinski, president of the U.S.-based environmental group League of Conservation Voters.  “Trump’s denunciation of the Paris climate accord is not only short sighted, but would be terribly costly for America and our ability to lead the world. We cannot go backwards on this important step towards a clean energy economy that benefits all our families,” billionaire environmental financier Tom Steyer said in a statement. The Paris agreement has an article built into it meant to protect countries in the accord in the event that a new government comes in and wants to dismantle it. The clause says any nation wanting to withdraw will first have to wait four years. U.S. chief climate envoy Jonathan Pershing said last week that regardless of the outcome of the U.S. election, other countries were likely to be bound by the pact. ",1
9496,"Trump on North Korea, Wall Street regulation, tech stocks","NEW YORK - Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump told Reuters in a wide-ranging interview on Tuesday that he would be willing to talk to North Korean leader Kim Jong Un to try to stop Pyongyang’s nuclear program. He also called for a renegotiation of the Paris climate accord and said he would dismantle most of the Dodd-Frank financial regulations if he is elected president. Here are excerpts of the interview. On speaking to Kim Jong Un: “I would speak to him. I would have no problem speaking to him. At the same time, I would put a lot of pressure on China because economically we have tremendous power over China. People don’t realize that. They are extracting vast billions of dollars out of our country. Billions. And we have tremendous power over China. China can solve that problem with one meeting or one phone call.” On breaking up big banks:  “The big banks aren’t big banks compared to other big banks. In other words if you look at the big banks in Germany or if you look at the big banks in China, I have the biggest bank in the world right downstairs four or five floors below us. ... If we make our big banks too much not big, they won’t be able to compete with the banks from China and the banks from Germany and other big banks.” On repealing Dodd-Frank:  “I’m going to be making a statement about this in approximately two weeks having to do with Dodd-Frank. Much of it is very bad. Much of it gives so much power to the regulators that the bankers are unable to function.” “Dodd Frank has made it impossible for bankers to function. ... It makes it very hard for bankers to loan money for people to create jobs, for people with businesses to create jobs. And that has to stop. And will there be bad loans made? Yes, but there are bad loans made now with Dodd-Frank, OK, I mean all you have to do is take a look.” “The rules and regulations of Dodd Frank have made it so impossible to carry out business and to, especially with respect to lending to businesses who are going to employ a lot of people. So I’m going to make a statement about it. But Dodd-Frank – I mean there are some things in Dodd-Frank that can stay but overall Dodd-Frank has been very bad.” On tech stocks: “You have a stock market that is very strange. Could be a little bit similar to, would you say it’s nine years ago now? I guess it’s sort of nine years ago. But you know, you look at some of these tech stocks that are so, so weak as a concept and a company and they’re selling for so much money. And I would have said can that ever happen again? I think that could happen again.” “I’m talking about companies that have never made any money, that have a bad concept and that are valued at billions of dollars. So here we go again.” On auditing the Fed:  “I think number one, the Federal Reserve should be audited. You know, they’re not auditing it. And so far not too many people have been able to tell me why. I’m not one that says we should get rid of the Federal Reserve because I think the Federal Reserve has an important function, but it should certainly be audited and ... we should at least watch what they’re doing from the dollar standpoint.” On timing for audit-the-Fed legislation:  “It’s not my highest priority. I have other priorities like rebuild our military. ... It’s not my number one priority. But certainly it’s one of the things that we’ll be doing.” On replacing Fed Chair Janet Yellen:  “I’m not a person that thinks Janet Yellen is doing a bad job. I happen to be a low interest rate person, unless inflation rears its ugly head, which could happen at some point. It doesn’t seem like it’s happening any time soon. I don’t think I want to at this point - I mean, number one, she’s got time left.” “I would rather have a Republican in the position, but I am not the enemy of Janet Yellen. ... Look, if interest rates were raised and if the dollar went up more, we’d be doing no business. We’re being killed by other countries devaluing their currencies.” On the Paris accords: “Not a big fan. No. Not a big fan because other countries don’t adhere to it and China doesn’t adhere to it, and China’s spewing into the atmosphere.” “Take a look at China with certain agreements where they have to do it within 30 years, and we have to do it almost immediately. You understand what I mean by that? The agreements are not fair agreements, number one. And I would say that I will be looking at that very, very seriously, and at a minimum, I will be renegotiating those agreements. At a minimum. Ok? And at a maximum, I may do something else. But those agreements are one-sided agreements, and they’re bad for the United States.” On devaluation of the yuan: “China was in big trouble a year ago, now all of a sudden they cut their currency. They’re taking more business out of the United States. ... China, whenever they have a problem, they devalue their currency. And they take more money out of the United States. Jobs, money, product.” Trade: “We cannot allow China and other countries to rip the soul out of our country. And they will understand that.” South China Sea: “They’re building a massive fortress in the South China Sea. They’re not supposed to be doing that.”  On Russian presence in Ukraine: “I don’t like it. I don’t like it at all.” On Russian President Vladimir Putin: “Putin made very nice statements about me. Very strong, very nice statements. I think that’s not a bad thing, that’s a good thing.  I think I’ll have a good relationship with Russia, and I may not. And the fact that he’s said good things about me doesn’t mean that, you know, it’s going to help him in a negotiation. It won’t help him at all. And I’ll know pretty soon in whether or not I’ll have a good relationship with Russia. But wouldn’t it be wonderful if we actually did have a good relationship with foreign countries as opposed to the way they’re treating us now?” “Everyone knows. You know on Nov. 1, they’re going to announce new - the numbers are going to come out for Obamacare. They are going to be catastrophic.” “It’s beyond terrible healthcare. And Obamacare in ‘17 collapses. Don’t forget, Obama pushed everything to ‘17 because he’ll be out on the golf course. He’ll be playing a nice round of golf someplace. Obamacare is part of the bubble problem. Now, we’re going to terminate Obamacare, and we’re going to replace it with something much better and much less expensive.” “Well, the lines are very important. The lines meaning the state borders. These people are protected from competition. And you go to these states and they have - it’s almost like a monopoly in many of the states. You have to get rid of the lines. And they almost did it with Obamacare. It almost worked out. “ “I think that Medicaid should be sent to the states. Ok? Let them work it.” “It’s very important that we protect Social Security and our Medicare without cuts. And I’m the only Republican that says that.”   “I think he was inappropriate. I think he was totally inappropriate. He’s got plenty of problems, and I think he was inappropriate. So that’s fine... I’m sure I’ll have a good relationship with him.”  ",1
9497,Trump changes tune on UK's Cameron: now sees 'a good relationship',"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Donald Trump appeared to change tack on Tuesday about his future ties with British Prime Minister David Cameron, saying he expects them to have “a good relationship” if he becomes the U.S. president, after predicting the opposite in an interview aired just the day before in response to criticism from the UK leader. “He’s got plenty of problems, and I think he was inappropriate. So that’s fine. ... I’m sure I’ll have a good relationship with him,” Trump told Reuters in an interview. On Monday, in an interview broadcast on Britain’s ITV television station, Trump said, “It looks like we’re not going to have a very good relationship, who knows?” when asked how ties would fare if he won the U.S. presidential election on Nov. 8. Cameron criticized Trump in the British parliament over his call for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States, calling him “divisive, stupid and wrong.” The prime minister suggested that the New York billionaire, who is now the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, would unite Britain against him if he visited. Asked which foreign leader he would like to meet first, Trump told Reuters: “I have no preference in terms of timing. I’ll meet them, we’ll have a better relationship with foreign countries than we have right now. We don’t have a good relationship. Every one of them rips us off but we still don’t have a good relationship.”  ",1
9498,Trump preparing plan to dismantle Obama's Wall Street reform law,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said on Tuesday that sweeping financial reforms put in place under President Barack Obama were harming the economy and he would dismantle nearly all of them. Trump told Reuters in an interview that he would release a plan in about two weeks for overhauling the 2010 financial regulatory law known as Dodd-Frank. “Dodd-Frank has made it impossible for bankers to function,” the presumptive Republican nominee said. “It makes it very hard for bankers to loan money for people to create jobs, for people with businesses to create jobs. And that has to stop.” Pressed on the extent of the changes he wanted to make, Trump said, “it will be close to dismantling of Dodd-Frank.” Reacting on Twitter to Trump’s comment, Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton called it a “reckless idea” that would “leave middle-class families out to dry.” Dodd-Frank, passed in the aftermath of the 2007-2009 financial crisis, forced U.S. banks to reduce their reliance on debt for funding and to craft “living wills,” or blueprints for winding them down in a crisis. The law created a new agency, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, to oversee consumer financial products such as mortgages and gave regulators new powers over large non-bank financial companies. Republicans in Congress have pushed to ease the requirements on small- and medium-sized banks and to make it more difficult for regulators to introduce new rules. They have also argued for getting rid of the consumer financial protection agency. Banks and other financial firms have spent six years and millions of dollars adjusting their operations to comply with the law. Bank lobbyists have generally pushed for changes to make complying easier, rather than a wholesale rewrite. “Every law can be improved, and Dodd-Frank is no exception. Sometimes there are drafting errors. Sometimes a good idea in theory turns out to be unworkable after a closer look in the light of day,” said John Hall, a spokesman for the American Bankers Association. Alison Hawkins, a spokesman for the Financial Services Roundtable, a Washington-based financial industry trade group, said the group wanted to know more about Trump’s plan, and added “some fixes to Dodd-Frank will benefit consumers and the economy.” On Capitol Hill, Republican Representative Jeb Hensarling, the chairman of the House Financial Services Committee, plans to release his own financial regulation plan in the coming weeks, according to his spokeswoman, Sarah Rozier. “Mr. Trump is right, Dodd-Frank isn’t working,” Rozier said. She added that Hensarling, who has endorsed Trump, has not discussed his plan with any of the presidential candidates. But Dennis Kelleher of Better Markets, a group that favors tighter regulation of Wall Street, said Trump’s plan would be “a slap in the face to the American people who have suffered so much from the 2008 crash.” Trump declined to offer specifics on his plan, but said it would address whether institutions should separate commercial banking activities from investment banking. He said even under the new plan, the banking system would not be perfect.  “Will there be bad loans made? Yes. But there are bad loans made now with Dodd-Frank,” Trump said. Trump was reluctant to discuss specifics on his ideas for the economy before his upcoming speech, but he praised Federal Reserve Chairman Janet Yellen, saying he approved of her decision to keep interest rates low. Trump has said in the past he would replace Yellen once her term as Fed chair ended. “I’m not a person that thinks Janet Yellen is doing a bad job,” he told Reuters. “I would rather have a Republican in the position but I am not the enemy of Janet Yellen.” ",1
9499,"Clinton releases personal financial disclosure, calls on Trump to release income taxes","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton on Tuesday released her personal financial disclosure form, covering Jan. 1, 2015, to the present, with a call to Republican Donald Trump to make available his income tax returns.    “The true test for Donald Trump is whether he will adhere to the precedent followed by every presidential candidate in the modern era and make his tax returns available, as Hillary Clinton has done,” spokeswoman Christina Reynolds said in a statement. Clinton’s own disclosure form showed more than $5 million in royalties from her memoir “Hard Choices.” Trump earlier in the day announced that he had filed his personal financial disclosure to the Federal Election Commission on Monday. ",1
9500,Senate backs Fanning as Army secretary,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate unanimously backed President Barack Obama’s nomination of Eric Fanning as secretary of the Army on Tuesday, making him the first openly gay leader of a U.S. military service branch. Fanning was previously undersecretary of the Air Force and chief of staff to Defense Secretary Ash Carter. Fanning was confirmed by unanimous voice vote, eight months following his nomination, after Senator Pat Roberts said Deputy Defense Secretary Robert Work told him that it was now too late for the administration to transfer prisoners from the detention center at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to Roberts’ home state, Kansas. Work did not confirm Roberts’ account of that conversation, saying that no option was off the table. “I explained to Senator Roberts that we are trying to achieve the goal of closure with the support of Congress and we recognize that there is limited time left to achieve that support, both in terms of lifting Congressional restrictions and winning approval of funds to execute closure,” Work said in a statement.  Roberts had held up Fanning’s nomination for months to  underscore his opposition to any possible transfer of detainees. His opposition had frustrated fellow Republican John McCain, chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee and a strong supporter of Fanning’s nomination. On Tuesday, McCain and Roberts appeared in the Senate together as Roberts announced that he had released his “hold” on Fanning and spoken to Fanning. McCain noted that this year’s National Defense Authorization Act ensures that the Obama administration does not have the authority to release or transfer Guantanamo detainees to the U.S. mainland. Roberts said Work told him during a meeting last week that he would be unable to fulfill an order to move Guantanamo detainees to the United States before Obama leaves office in January 2017. “The clock has run out for the president,” Roberts said. ",1
9501,Clinton aide criticizes Trump has having 'bizarre fascination with foreign strongmen',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An aide to U.S. Democrat Hillary Clinton criticized Donald Trump’s foreign policy as making “no sense for the rest of us” after the Republican presidential candidate said he would hold talks with North Korea’s Kim Jong Un.  “Let me get this straight: Donald Trump insults the leader of our closest ally, then turns around and says he’d love to talk to Kim Jong Un?” senior foreign policy adviser Jake Sullivan said in a statement. “I suppose that makes sense for him, since he also praised Kim Jong Un for executing his uncle and seems to have a bizarre fascination with foreign strongmen like Putin and Kim. His approach to foreign policy makes no sense for the rest of us.” ",1
9502,Clinton calls Trump's proposal to dismantle Dodd-Frank 'reckless',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton on Tuesday criticized Republican Donald Trump’s proposal to dismantle the Dodd-Frank financial reform law, calling the idea “reckless.” “Latest reckless idea from Trump: gut rules on Wall Street, and leave middle-class families out to dry,” Clinton said on Twitter. Trump, in an interview with Reuters on Tuesday, called the 2010 law a “very negative force.” ",1
9503,Judges rule Trump University can appeal to New York's highest court,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - A New York appeals court issued a ruling on Tuesday that apparently made it highly unlikely that a state fraud case against Trump University, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s venture, will be heard before the Nov. 8 general election. The mid-level appeals court ruled that Trump’s lawyers can argue to the state’s highest court that the fraud claims against Trump University brought by the state attorney general should be dismissed.  Trump suffered a legal setback in the case in March when the appeals court allowed multimillion-dollar fraud claims against the now-defunct venture to proceed.  The claims are part of a state lawsuit filed in 2013 that accuses Trump University of misleading thousands of people who paid up to $35,000 for seminars to learn the billionaire businessman’s real estate investment strategies. The trial judge in the case had been waiting to hear whether the mid-level appeals court, the Appellate Division, First Department, in Manhattan, would give Trump permission to go to the state’s highest court, the Court of Appeals. “It’s no surprise that Donald Trump is using every legal option to avoid standing trial for operating a sham for-profit university,” New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman said in a statement responding to the ruling.  “As our lawsuit makes clear, Mr. Trump’s phony university defrauded thousands of students through an illicit scheme that cost them millions of dollars,” Schneiderman continued. “I am confident that the Court of Appeals will agree with the lower court’s unanimous decision to reject virtually all of Mr. Trump’s claims.” Alan Garten, general counsel for the Trump Organization, said, “We are pleased with the court’s decision and look forward to going to the Court of Appeals.” Garten has said the claims are “without merit and baseless” and that almost all those who participated in the programs filled out written surveys giving the seminars high ratings. Class actions are pending in California on similar claims by Trump University students. One of those cases is scheduled for trial on Nov. 28. The fraud claims against Trump University were an issue early in the Republican primary campaign.  With Trump allowed to appeal the pretrial rulings to the state’s highest court, it is very unlikely the New York case will be resolved before November’s election. It takes an average of 12 months from the time an appeal is allowed for the Court of Appeals to hear oral arguments in a case, according to court spokesman Gary Spencer. A decision on whether or not the fraud claims can proceed would normally take another month and, if not dismissed, the case would then go back to the trial court.  In the March decision, Schneiderman was allowed to proceed on fraud claims that require proof of intent to defraud and those that do not. The court also ruled that the statute of limitations for the claims stretches back to 2007 instead of 2010. The program stopped taking students in 2010. ",1
9504,Donald Trump files disclosure of $10 billion in net worth,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump has filed a new personal financial disclosure form that details a net worth of more than $10 billion, the Republican presidential candidate’s campaign said on Tuesday. The party’s presumptive nominee has refused so far to release his income tax statements, which are normally released by presidential candidates. That decision has drawn criticism from likely Democratic rival Hillary Clinton.  The personal disclosure form is identical to one Trump filed shortly after announcing his candidacy last year. Critics have said the billionaire real estate developer is inflating his net worth in the forms and that his tax documents would provide a more accurate depiction of how much money he has. “I have built an incredible company and have accumulated one of the greatest portfolios of real estate assets, many of which are considered to be among the finest and most iconic properties in the world,” Trump said in a statement about his disclosure.  ",1
9505,House drops military draft requirement for women,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The House of Representatives stripped a requirement that women register for the military draft from a sweeping annual defense policy bill on Tuesday, but supporters of the provision said they would keep pushing for its passage. Democrats accused the committee’s Republican leaders of using an underhanded ploy to undercut the House Armed Services Committee, which had approved the amendment, and avoid what could be a difficult vote for some party members. “They don’t want to subject their members to a vote on equality for women,” Representative Steny Hoyer, the No. 2 House Democrat, told reporters. Republican Representative Mac Thornberry, chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, said the amendment was removed because it violated House budget rules due to the cost of  registering women. He said it was replaced with an amendment calling for a broad review of the Selective Service. The House Rules Committee set up removal of the amendment from the National Defense Authorization Act, or NDAA, during a meeting late on Monday. It was taken out of the bill via a procedural vote on Tuesday afternoon. But the effort is not dead. The Senate Armed Services Committee included a similar amendment in its version of the NDAA, and it has bipartisan support in the Senate. The Senate’s Republican Majority Leader, Mitch McConnell, said he believed women should register, although he did not expect the country to reinstate the draft. “Given where we are today with women in the military performing virtually all kinds of functions, I personally think it would be appropriate for them to register just like men do,” McConnell told a news conference. Defense Secretary Ash Carter announced last year that all combat positions would be open to women, which immediately prompted calls that women also should be required to register. That worried some social conservatives uncomfortable with the blurring of men’s and women’s traditional roles in society. The U.S. military has been an all-volunteer force since the 1970s, but young men have been required to sign up for the Selective Service in case the draft is reactivated.     To become law as part of the NDAA, a version of the defense bill with the amendment would have to be approved by the full House and Senate, and signed by President Barack Obama. ",1
9506,"Obama speaks to Philippines' president-elect, stresses human rights","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama called incoming Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte on Tuesday to congratulate him on his election win, stressing that their countries’ alliance was based on a commitment to human rights and the rule of law, the White House said. U.S. officials have signaled that Washington is ready to work with Duterte despite allegations of human rights abuses in the city he led as mayor for over two decades. Obama’s deputy national security adviser, Ben Rhodes, told a Washington seminar earlier on Tuesday that the U.S. administration was aware there was some “controversy” surrounding Duterte and “statements that drew attention in the past,” but he did not elaborate. Obama offered his congratulations to Duterte as the “presumptive president-elect.” He won the largest share of the votes in a May 9 presidential election, according to an unofficial count by a poll watchdog, although the official result has yet to be confirmed. Obama “highlighted the enduring values that underpin our thriving alliance ... and the longstanding ties between our two peoples, including our shared commitments to democracy, human rights, rule of law, and inclusive economic growth,” the White House said. Washington hoped “to build on progress made with the last administration” in the Philippines, Rhodes said. “This is a new government and we’ll want to hear from them directly what their priorities are,” he said when asked about the election, adding that Washington wanted to see continued efforts to respect the rule of law and combat corruption. Duterte has been criticized for allowing a spree of vigilante killings under his administration in Davao city, and critics fear he could let them happen on a larger scale as president. He has denied ordering any of the killings, but has not condemned them. Washington has steered clear of the controversy, however, which analysts say reflects the reality of U.S. national security interests given China’s increasingly assertive stance in Asia and maritime disputes in the South China Sea. Duterte’s vows to restore law and order resonated with voters, but his incendiary rhetoric and advocacy of extrajudicial killings to stamp out crime and drugs have alarmed many people. Rhodes noted U.S. support for Manila efforts to resolve its territorial dispute with China in the South China Sea through international arbitration, and a recent deal allowing a greater U.S. military presence in the Philippines.  “We believe that now as much as ever it’s important that the U.S. and Philippines are seen working together,” he said. The U.S. stance on Duterte could echo its approach toward India’s Prime Minister Narendra Modi. At one point, Modi was unable to obtain a U.S. visa because of concerns about sectarian riots in the state of Gujarat when he was chief minister, but was later invited to the White House when he became prime minister. ",1
9507,White House defends deportations after Democratic complaints,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House on Friday defended its deportation policy after complaints from Democratic presidential candidates and congressional leaders that a sweep targeting Central American illegal immigrants is inhumane. Reuters reported on Thursday that U.S. immigration officials plan a month-long series of raids in May and June to deport hundreds of Central American mothers and children found to have entered the country illegally. White House spokesman Josh Earnest acknowledged that the deportation operations were consistent with President Barack Obama’s policy to focus on deporting criminals and recent immigrants who crossed the U.S. border illegally after Jan. 1, 2014. “No one is removed if they have an ongoing, pending claim or appeal for asylum or some other form of humanitarian relief,” Earnest told reporters at a briefing. “If this serves to discourage people from considering to make this journey, that would be a good thing,” Earnest said. In 2014, a wave of children fleeing violence in Honduras, El Salvador and Guatemala surged across the U.S. border, inflaming the debate over how to deal with the more than 11 million undocumented immigrants living in the United States. The planned new raids are in response to a renewed surge of illegal entries by Central American women traveling with their children. In January, immigration officers rounded up 121 people, mostly women and children, in three states. That sparked criticism from Democrats running to replace Obama in the Nov. 8 presidential elections. On Thursday, Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton reiterated her concerns about the new plans. “I’m against large-scale raids that tear families apart and sow fear in communities,” Clinton said. Democratic presidential candidate Senator Bernie Sanders said he opposed “the painful and inhumane business of locking up and deporting families” trying to escape violence in other countries. In Congress, Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid called on Obama to reconsider the plans and focus on addressing the instability in Central America. Democratic representative Luis Gutierrez of Illinois, a critic of the Obama administration’s deportation policies, complained the administration was leaking word of the deportations to scare people away from coming to the United States. “The last time they did this, people called my office about raids that were not existent because it creates panic, it creates fear, it’s terrible, it’s a terrible way to bring about policy on this issue,” Gutierrez told reporters. “Stop talking about them as illegal immigrants. They are asylum seekers,” he said. ",1
9508,Senate passes bill allowing 9/11 victims to sue Saudi Arabia,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate passed legislation on Tuesday that would allow families of Sept. 11 victims to sue Saudi Arabia’s government for damages, setting up a potential showdown with the White House, which has threatened a veto. The Saudis, who deny responsibility for the 2001 attacks, strongly object to the bill. They had said they might sell up to $750 billion in U.S. securities and other American assets in retaliation if it became law. The “Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act,” or JASTA, passed the Senate by unanimous voice vote. It must next be taken up by the U.S. House of Representatives, where the Judiciary Committee intends to hold a hearing on the measure in the near future, a committee aide said. If it became law, JASTA would remove the sovereign immunity, preventing lawsuits against governments, for countries found to be involved in terrorist attacks on U.S. soil. It would allow survivors of the attacks, and relatives of those killed in the attacks, to seek damages from other countries. In this case, it would allow lawsuits to proceed in federal court in New York as lawyers try to prove that the Saudis were involved in the attacks on the World Trade Center and Pentagon. Saudi Foreign Minister Adel bin Ahmed al-Jubeir has said his country’s objection to the bill is based on principles of international relations. “What (Congress is) doing is stripping the principle of sovereign immunities which would turn the world for international law into the law of the jungle,” he said in a statement on Tuesday. James Kreindler, a prominent trial lawyer who represents 9/11 families and won large payouts for the victims of the 1988 bombing of Pan American Airways Flight 103 over Scotland, said he expected the bill to pass the House and become law. “It would be crazy for (President Barack) Obama to veto bipartisan legislation (which would) open (U.S.) courts to victims of the worst terrorist attack in U.S. history,” Kreindler said. Senator Charles Schumer, a New York Democrat and a JASTA co-sponsor, said the bill is overdue. “Today the Senate has spoken loudly and unanimously that the families of victims of terrorist attacks should be able to hold the perpetrators, even if it’s a country, a nation, accountable,” Schumer told a news conference. Republican Senator John Cornyn, also a sponsor of the bill, said JASTA does not target the Saudis, although he alluded to a still-classified section of a report on the Sept. 11 attacks that Saudi critics say might implicate Riyadh. “We have yet to see the 28 pages that have not been yet released about the 9/11 report, and that may well be instructive,” Cornyn said at the news conference. Other lawmakers who have seen the 28 pages have said releasing them would quiet such rumors. Cornyn said it was up to the court to decide whether the Saudis were liable. “I don’t believe that this will be destructive of the relationship that we have with the kingdom of Saudi Arabia,” he said. The White House said Obama still plans to veto JASTA. “This legislation would change long-standing, international law regarding sovereign immunity,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest told a daily press briefing. “And the president of the United States continues to harbor serious concerns that this legislation would make the United States vulnerable in other court systems around the world.” Asked if Senate Democrats would back a veto, Schumer said he would vote against Obama. Republican Senator Lindsey Graham, who had opposed the bill, said the version passed on Tuesday eased his worries that it might leave U.S. allies more vulnerable to lawsuits, for example if groups based within their borders but not supported by their governments were behind a terrorist attack. “We don’t want to alienate allies, but we do want to create redress if a nation-state was involved in helping a terrorist organization attack American interests, and I think they should be held liable,” Graham said in a brief interview. ",1
9509,"White House opposes House Zika bill, calls funding inadequate","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House on Tuesday said it strongly opposes a House bill to fight the Zika virus, saying its funding is “woefully inadequate” to support the public health response that is needed.  The Obama administration has urged Congress to pass legislation that would direct $1.9 billion to fighting the Zika virus that is linked to birth defects including microcephaly.   ",1
9510,Cutting Pentagon's acquisition chief post may raise costs: Carter,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A proposal by a U.S. Senate committee to cancel the Defense Department position of acquisition chief could lead to an increase in costs, U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter said on Tuesday. The Senate Armed Services Committee’s version of the National Defense Authorization Act aims to cancel the position of under secretary of defense for acquisition, technology and logistics because it slows innovation.  The committee is proposing to divide the responsibilities between a new office in the Pentagon that deals with research and another which would address business management. If the acquisition chief position, currently held by Frank Kendall, was cut, it would separate research and engineering from manufacturing and could derail progress made on lowering growth in contract costs over the last three decades, Carter said at the Sea-Air-Space conference. “Separating these functions makes no sense, as procurement and sustainment costs are controlled by decisions made during development,” Carter said. The proposal still has to take a number of steps before it becomes law. The Senate version of the defense bill must be reconciled with the House’s version before being voted on in both chambers. If passed, that version would be sent to the White House for President Barack Obama’s signature, or veto.     On Monday, the White House said it would veto the House’s version of the bill because it would shift $18 billion of wartime Overseas Contingency Operations, or OCO, funds to avoid automatic budget cuts to military programs.  ",1
9511,Appeals court delays release of NJ's 'Bridgegate' co-conspirators list,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - A U.S. appeals court on Tuesday postponed a deadline for prosecutors in New Jersey to reveal a list of unindicted co-conspirators in the so-called “Bridgegate” criminal case involving allies of Governor Chris Christie. The 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals granted a last-minute emergency request from one of the people on the list, less than two hours before U.S. prosecutors were set to file the names in federal court in New Jersey. The document could make clear how many Christie associates were aware of an alleged scheme to close down lanes at the George Washington Bridge in what prosecutors claim was an act of political retribution against a local mayor. Christie, a Republican who ran unsuccessfully for his party’s presidential nomination this year, has denied knowledge of the plot. U.S. District Judge Susan Wigenton had ordered the list made public at the request of several media companies. But one of the alleged co-conspirators anonymously filed an emergency appeal, arguing his reputation will be irreparably besmirched. In a brief order, the 3rd Circuit in Philadelphia scheduled a hearing for June 6. The court is also considering whether that hearing should be closed to the public, presumably to preserve the individual’s anonymity.     The unindicted co-conspirators are those who prosecutors believe joined in the plot but have not been criminally charged. Bruce Rosen, a lawyer for the media companies, said in an email, “We’re looking forward to making our case before the full 3rd Circuit panel that the public has a First Amendment right to see the list of unindicted co-conspirators.” Thus far, three people have been charged. William Baroni, the former deputy executive director of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, and Bridget Kelly, Christie’s former deputy chief of staff, are scheduled to face trial in September. David Wildstein, also a former official at the Port Authority, the agency that oversees major transportation facilities in the New York City area, has pleaded guilty and is cooperating. Prosecutors say they orchestrated the September 2013 lane closure in Fort Lee, New Jersey, as payback against the Democratic mayor for refusing to endorse Christie’s re-election bid. The ensuing traffic wreaked havoc in town, causing massive delays and impeding emergency responders. The case has proven embarrassing for Christie, who is heading presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s transition team. The trial will unfold in the heat of the presidential campaign ahead of Election Day, Nov. 8.",1
9512,New Jersey governor's race opens as Christie's approval slumps,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The race to succeed Republican New Jersey Governor Chris Christie got under way this week when a former Goldman Sachs executive entered the ring as the first Democratic contender to succeed Christie, whose popularity has slumped. Phil Murphy, a former Goldman Sachs executive and U.S. ambassador to Germany who has never held elected office, is seeking the Democratic nomination for the gubernatorial  election in November 2017.  Christie, who is not eligible to run for a third term, won the governorship in 2009, when he beat one-term Democrat Jon Corzine, also formerly of Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Murphy, who served as U.S. ambassador to Germany until 2013, said he would focus on issues such as equal pay for women and a higher minimum wage - legislative initiatives that Christie has either already vetoed and is expected to veto.  “It’s time for a governor who has your back. I will,” promised Murphy, 58, in a campaign ad released on Monday. He is a married father of four who lives in Middletown and retired in 2006 after 23 years at the Wall Street investment bank. Political observers say other possible candidates include Democrats such as state Senate President Stephen Sweeney and Jersey City Mayor Steven Fulop and Republicans such as Assembly Minority Leader Jon Bramnick, state Senate Minority Leader Tom Kean Jr and Lieutenant Governor Kim Guadagno. Christie has seen his approval ratings fall to fresh lows in recent weeks. He has been tarnished by the “Bridgegate” scandal and criticized as a no-show leader preoccupied first with his own presidential campaign and when that failed, with role as a top adviser to presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump. “His approval ratings are terrible. They have been low and keep going down. He will leave unpopular,” said Julian Zelizer, a professor of political history at Princeton University. A poll of New Jersey voters last month showed 31 percent approve and 63 percent disapprove of Christie’s performance as governor, said John Weingart, associate director of the Eagleton Institute of Politics. Voters will likely seek a candidate very different from Christie, Zelizer said, particularly on transparency and righting the state’s finances.  “They are looking for someone who is antithetical to him. Someone they can trust, someone who is devoted to the state, and someone who seems clean and immune from scandal,” Zelizer said. “They want a governor who will bring in new kinds of industry and new pockets of growth.” ",1
9513,White House voices concerns on Senate Sept. 11 lawsuit bill ,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Tuesday that it had “serious concerns” about a bill the U.S. Senate passed that would allow survivors and relatives of those killed in the Sept. 11 attacks to sue to seek damages from the government of Saudi Arabia. “Given the concerns that we have expressed, it’s difficult to imagine the president signing this legislation,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters. ",1
9514,U.S. presidential campaign not discussed at Fed policy meetings: official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. presidential campaign is not a subject of discussion at the Federal Reserve’s policy meetings, Atlanta Fed President Dennis Lockhart said on Tuesday. “It does not come up at the meetings,” Lockhart told an audience at an event on economic policy in Washington. ",1
9515,"Australian opposition leader backs Clinton, slams Trump","SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia’s center-left opposition Labor Party leader Bill Shorten on Tuesday endorsed U.S. Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton over her chief Republican rival, Donald Trump, who he said would be “very difficult” to work with. Shorten, who is campaigning against Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull ahead of national elections on July 2, pledged to continue Australia’s close relationship with the United States regardless of the outcome of the U.S. election. But he made no secret of which candidate he preferred. “In terms of Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump, I have to say that if I was in America, I would be voting for Hillary Clinton,” Shorten told reporters. “Whoever America elects we’ll deal with but there’s no doubt in my mind that Trump would be very difficult, I think, to deal with.” Trump’s often controversial comments on everything from Muslims and women to the future of NATO and relations with Russia have drawn criticism from Berlin, Paris and other European capitals. British Prime Minister David Cameron this week stood by his description of Trump’s plan to ban Muslims from entering the United States as “divisive, stupid and wrong” after Trump said that he was unlikely to have a good relationship with Cameron. ",1
9516,California Democrats dueling over gun control plans,"SACRAMENTO (Reuters) - Two of the most powerful politicians in California are advancing the same basic gun control agenda – yet they are at loggerheads in a political duel that could preview an ugly race to replace the state’s popular Democratic governor, Jerry Brown. The spat among ambitious Democrats took a serious turn this week, as Senate leader Kevin de Leon aggressively moved to push a package of gun control bills through the legislature that, if passed, would largely render irrelevant a firearms referendum by Lieutenant Governor Gavin Newsom aimed at the November ballot. “They both want tougher gun laws in California and they both want credit for it,” said Dan Schnur, a former Republican strategist who now heads the Jesse Unruh Institute of Politics at the University of Southern California. Both efforts would prohibit possession of large-capacity ammunition magazines, require greater scrutiny of ammunition purchasers and seek to better keep guns out of the hands of violent felons. The legislative package, which passed the Senate Appropriations Committee on Monday and will go before the full body on Thursday, also seeks to eliminate a loophole in an existing law prohibiting weapons with detachable ammunition magazines. Newsom, who is running to replace Brown in the 2018 gubernatorial election, is expected to make the gun control measure a centerpiece of his campaign, along with a proposed ballot initiative to legalize the recreational use of marijuana.   But de Leon has not endorsed him. Last year, shortly after Newsom announced his gun control referendum, de Leon reduced the number of legislative staff working in the lieutenant governor’s office. De Leon, who represents Los Angeles, is close to possible Newsom rivals in the governor’s race, including former Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa.  He has asked Newsom to agree to withdraw his ballot measure if the Senate package passes, but Newsom has refused. “The initiative process is a blunt instrument and should always be the last resort - not the first,” de Leon said in an email on Monday. “It would be preferable to achieve policymaking on such a complex issue as gun control through the legislative process.” De Leon is also concerned that the ballot campaign would be expensive, drawing political contributions from pro-gun groups like the National Rifle Association and potentially causing Democrats in moderate and conservative districts to lose elections, a source close to him said. But Newsom said in a letter to de Leon shared with Reuters that his initiative was more comprehensive than the Senate package, tackling topics that had stalled repeatedly in the legislature. Dan Newman, Newsom’s campaign strategist, said concerns about gun violence, not politics, motivated the lieutenant governor. “He will get plenty of exposure this fall via his support for the marijuana initiative and Hillary for President,” Newman said. “Being relentlessly attacked by the NRA isn’t something he needs for his personal ambition.” Backing a ballot initiative on a controversial topic like gun control will likely raise Newsom’s profile with voters, Schnur said. But it could also backfire and alienate de Leon. “It doesn’t do his campaign for governor a lot of good to be going up against the most powerful Democrat in the legislature,” Schnur said. Gun rights supporters say both men are being opportunistic. “Lieutenant Governor Gavin Newsom is no stranger to trying to hijack high-profile issues in order to get his name out there,” said Craig Deluz, a lobbyist for the Calgun Foundation. “And Senate Pro Tem de Leon doesn’t want the Lieutenant Governor to steal his thunder.” ",1
9517,Donald Trump to meet with Henry Kissinger: Washington Post ,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is scheduled to meet on Wednesday with former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger, the Washington Post reported on Monday, citing three people close to Trump. The meeting in New York comes after weeks of telephone conversations between Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee, and Kissinger, who was a top adviser to Presidents Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford, the Post said. Last week, Trump met with former Secretary of State James Baker, who told a congressional hearing on the same day as the meeting that Trump’s foreign policy proposals would make the world a less stable place. Trump has been criticized for suggesting the United States should rethink the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and that Japan and South Korea should consider getting nuclear weapons to defend themselves. ",1
9518,Boston men jailed for Trump-inspired hate crime attack,"BOSTON (Reuters) - Two Boston brothers accused of urinating on and beating a homeless Mexican man and telling police “Donald Trump was right: All these illegals need to be deported,” were sentenced to prison on Monday, prosecutors said. Scott Leader, 38, and Steve Leader, 30, had previously pleaded guilty to indictments charging them with causing bodily injury while committing a civil rights violation, as well as assault and battery with a dangerous weapon, among other charges. Scott Leader was sentenced to three years in prison and Steve Leader was sentenced to 1-1/2 years, the Suffolk County District Attorney’s Office said in a statement. The pair will also be on probation for three years after their prison sentences end. The Leaders were arrested on Aug. 19 on suspicion of beating Rodriguez, then 58, as he slept in a subway station. The men told police they targeted their victim because they believed he was an illegal immigrant.  The victim, Guillermo Rodriguez, said in a statement that he was in fact a permanent resident. “I came to this country many years ago and worked hard in the farm fields to provide produce to people here. I actually became a permanent resident of this country years ago, although if I had been undocumented I still would not have deserved to be beaten this way,” Rodriguez said in a prepared statement read by Assistant District Attorney Nicole Rimar before the sentencing. The pair punched and kicked Rodriguez, and one of the men repeatedly struck him with a metal pole, before the two walked off laughing, prosecutors said. According to a police report, they told officers, “Donald Trump was right: All these illegals need to be deported.” Prosecutors said Scott Leader told arresting officers that he believed the attack was justified because the victim was homeless and Hispanic. The pair also allegedly threatened police officers while in custody. Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee for the U.S. presidential race, has been vocal on immigration, proposing to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border and promising, if elected, to deport the estimated 11 million illegal immigrants already in the United States. Trump, a real estate developer and reality television personality, initially described the attack as an outcome of passionate views on immigration but later called it “terrible.” Lawyers for the two men could not be reached for immediate comment on Monday night. ",1
