id,title,text,label
4632,Poll shows Trump made up 13 points in under 2 weeks — now he likes polls again,"While Trump’s edge is just 1 point — which is well within the margin of error — the Republican candidate has made up 13 points in under two weeks.

Trump — who used to read off every poll he led during rallies but had begun to call them inaccurate after he started to decline — has decided he likes them again, or at least he likes this one.

But not everyone wants to capitalize on the poll. Former House speaker Newt Gingrich called the new poll an “absurdity.”

At this point in 2012, Mitt Romney led President Obama by 1 point.

The daily tracking poll was conducted Oct. 27-30, 2016, and included 1,128 likely voters. The margin of error is 3 points.",1
71,"Chaos on House floor as Dems, Republicans clash over LGBT proposal","The chaotic scene -- accompanied by loud chants of ""shame, shame, shame"" -- included one Democrat facing off with the second-highest-ranking House Republican, accusations of foul play and a series of insults being traded openly on the House floor.

The clash began over a yearly spending bill to fund military construction projects and the Veterans Administration. Because the bill covers spending on federal contracts, Rep. Sean Patrick Maloney, D-New York, attached what he said was a one-sentence proposal to uphold President Barack Obama's executive order protecting LGBT workers from being fired. The amendment had enough votes to pass but the vote was held open, and several Republicans changed their position just before the vote was officially closed.

""They literally snatched discrimination out of the jaws of equality. We won this vote,"" a visibly irate Maloney told reporters.

Maloney accused House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy of ""twisting arms."" Maloney and other Democrats told CNN that once the vote board showed the measure had 217 votes -- enough to pass with just eight seconds left in the vote -- McCarthy personally approached House GOP members to switch their ""yes"" votes to ""no"" as the presiding officer kept the vote open for several minutes past the standard five-minute period.

A senior House Republican leadership aide told CNN that it wasn't just McCarthy -- all the top GOP leaders were working to defeat Maloney's amendment because they were concerned that if passed, it would jeopardize the spending bill. When Maloney walked over to McCarthy to appeal to him to allow the measure to pass, saying plenty of Republicans backed it, he said McCarthy told him ""get on my own side of the aisle."" He answered back to the majority leader, ""What side am I supposed to stand on to support equality?"" One Republican who witnessed the exchange said Maloney walked over to the GOP side of the chamber and was ""taunting Republican members"" and had his arms up in the air as he was trying to talk to them about letting his proposal pass. Roughly a dozen Republicans approached Maloney as the vote was extended and told him they disagreed with their own leadership's tactics to work to defeat the measure. California Democratic Rep. Mark Takano, who was standing with Maloney, told reporters that Illinois GOP Rep. Bob Dold told the New York Democrat ""this is bulls***."" As the scene unfolded, reporters outside the chamber could hear jeers as the gavel came down with a new 212-213 vote tally, defeating the measure. No. 2 House Democrat Steny Hoyer began shouting and calling out Republicans for not following the traditional practice of coming to the well of the House floor to change their votes, saying they instead remained in their seats to avoid being identified. Afterward, Democrats produced a list of seven House Republicans, including the head of the GOP's campaign arm, Oregon Republican Rep. Greg Walden, who initially backed Maloney's proposal before switching their votes. The other Republicans, according to a floor vote printout by Democratic staff, were Rep. Jeff Denham, R-California, Rep. Darrell Issa, R-California, Rep. Bruce Poliquin, R-Maine, Rep. David Valadao, R-California, Rep. Mimi Walters, R-California, and Rep. David Young, R-Iowa. Hoyer's staff also tweeted out the list of names, calling their votes ""shameful."" CNN has reached out to all seven House Republicans who changed their vote Thursday morning. So far, only Poliquin has responded about why he decided to vote no for the measure after originally registering support for it, defending his vote in a written statement to CNN. ""I am outraged that political opponents or members of the press would claim or insinuate that I cast a vote due to pressure or party politics,"" Poliquin wrote. ""No one controls my vote. I work hard only for the people of Maine's 2nd Congressional District."" Poliquin added, ""I abhor discrimination in any form and at any place."" ""They are bigots, they are haters,"" a seething Democratic Rep. Steve Israel said about House Republicans. He then immediately worked to tie House Republicans to Donald Trump, the presumptive GOP presidential nominee, saying Trump ""is very proud of House Republicans today."" House Speaker Paul Ryan, who as the speaker doesn't typically vote, was holding his weekly news conference and missed the fracas. When asked about what happened, he told reporters he didn't have any details about who may have changed their votes, but made it clear he opposed the Democrats' proposal. ""The states should do this. The federal government shouldn't stick its nose in this business,"" Ryan said. Maloney vowed, ""These things are going to be remembered"" and told reporters he planned to try to push similar measures on other legislation. ""The people who stood in the schoolhouse door are going to have this hung around their necks for the rest of their careers, and I hope they can live with themselves,"" Maloney said. ""I hope they can look their kids in the eye and sleep OK tonight because what they did is as disgusting as one of the famous episodes in American history where we've seen people stand on the wrong side of the march toward Selma, or stand in the schoolhouse door when someone was trying to get an equal education.""",1
1108,"Clinton, Sanders accuse Trump of inciting violence","(CNN) Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders both accused Donald Trump of inciting violence, with the former secretary of state calling him ""bigoted"" and alleging he had perpetrated ""political arson,"" while the Vermont senator labeled him a ""pathological liar"" at a town hall on Sunday night.

""It is clear that Donald Trump is running a very cynical campaign pitting groups of Americans against one another. He is trafficking in hate and fear,"" Clinton said during the event at Ohio State University hosted by CNN and TV One. ""He actually incites violence in the way he urges his audience on, talking about punching people, offering to pay legal bills.""

Clinton charged that Trump was guilty of a case of ""political arson"" by throwing fuel on political divisions in the country.

""He has been incredibly bigoted towards so many groups,"" she continued. ""You don't make America great by tearing down everything that made America great.""

Clinton followed Sanders at the town hall moderated by CNN's Jake Tapper and TV One's Roland Martin. Sanders and Clinton are making closing arguments to voters in their increasingly contentious Democratic nominating marathon, two days before five states vote in crucial primaries that could set the tone for the rest of the contest.

On Sunday night, Clinton's comments followed Sanders' own sharp criticism of Trump.

""I hesitate to say this because I really don't like to disparage public officials, but Donald Trump is a pathological liar,"" Sanders said.

Sanders also blasted Trump for saying that he might pay the legal fees of a man charged with punching a protester at one of his rallies, adding that doing so was tantamount to ""inciting violence.""

""I would hope Mr. Trump tones it down big time and tells his supporters that violence is not acceptable in the American political process,"" Sanders said.

In one of the most dramatic moments of the night, Clinton was asked by audience member Ricky Jackson -- who spent 39 years in jail for a murder he did not commit, including a period on death row -- to justify her support for the death penalty in some cases.

She replied that the states had proven themselves incapable of carrying out fair trials and said she would ""breathe a sigh of relief"" if the Supreme Court and the states began to eliminate capital punishment.

But she argued that there was a case for a ""very limited use"" of the death penalty in cases of ""horrific"" terrorist crimes in federal cases like the bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City in 1995 during her husband's administration.

Speaking directly to Jackson, however, she told him, ""I just can't even imagine what you went through and how terrible those days and nights must have been for all those years. All of us are so regretful that you or any person had to go through what you did.""

Jackson, who is an undecided voter, was then asked by Martin if he was satisfied with Clinton's response. He replied, ""Yes. Thank you very much. Thank you, senator.""

The town hall took place in the wake of Sanders' surprise victory in the Michigan primary last week, which raised his hopes of competing with Clinton across Midwestern Rust Belt states.

They faced questions from Buckeye State voters as they vie for the support of blue collar and minority voters who underpin the Democratic coalition.

It also came at the end of a weekend filled with violence and disruption of Trump rallies, in which the real estate mogul pointed the finger at Sanders for the unruliness.

But Sanders said Sunday night, ""Our campaign does not believe and never will encourage anybody to disrupt anything.""

He added that people have the right to protest even though he said other candidates' rallies shouldn't be disrupted.

""Trump has to get on the TV and tell his supporters that violence in the political process in America is not acceptable, end of discussion,"" he said.

At the same time, Sanders dismissed the idea that he was responsible for the actions of all his supporters.

""Millions of people voted for me. If I have to take responsibility for everybody who voted for me, it would be a very difficult life,"" Sanders said

The town hall was also an opportunity for the two Democratic candidates to highlight their differences even if they didn't meet face to face.

One questioner, Amit Majmudar, a radiologist born to Indian immigrant parents and Ohio's poet laureate, told each one that he had one mission at the ballot box, to keep Trump out of office and asked what each would do to defeat Trump.

Clinton argued that she was the best candidate to take on Trump because she was ""the only candidate who has gotten more votes than Trump"" in the 2016 contests held so far.

She added that she was building a broad-based campaign to convince people that this was the highest-stakes election they had ever been involved in, explicitly because Trump was likely to be the Republican nominee.

And she said that the fact that Republicans had been ""after me"" for 25 years meant there wasn't anything the GOP had not already dug up about her.

""I am not new to the national arena and I think whoever goes up against Donald Trump better be ready,"" she said.

Clinton also said that there would be many arguments that Democrats could make against Trump but that she didn't want to ""spill the beans right now.""

""I am having foreign leaders ask if they can endorse me to stop Donald Trump,"" Clinton said, though she declined to name any other than Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi, who she said had done so publicly.

Sanders, for his part, pivoted to his Democratic opponent on the issue of trade, which is emerging as a key theme on both sides of the aisle in the 2016 presidential race.

He lashed out at ""corporately written trade agreements,"" which he said were designed to shut down U.S factories and pay people ""pennies an hour"" in China and Mexico.

""One of the very strong differences between Secretary Clinton and myself -- she has supported almost all of those trade agreements, I have vigorously opposed (them),"" he charged.

At one point while talking about trade though, Sanders slipped in another backhanded slap at Trump. Defending his position on trade, Sanders said that he did not want to cut off the United States from global trade flows.

""Nobody is talking about building a wall around the United States,"" Sanders said, before trailing off when people in the audience started chuckling. ""Oh, I beg your pardon, there is one guy who is talking about building a wall. Let me rephrase it: no rational person is talking about building a wall.""

During Clinton's appearance, she sought to match her rival's rhetoric on trade after she was asked by a laid-off steel worker how she would deal with alleged dumping of steel in the U.S. market by foreign nations.

""I believe that the dumping is illegal and we have to summon up the political and the legal arguments to take it on,"" Clinton said, specifically accusing China of the practice. Other nations, including Italy, South Korea and India have in recent months been accused of dumping corrosion-resistant steel in the U.S. market.

The town hall segment with each candidate concluded with a few more personal questions.

Clinton was asked to elaborate on her recent comment that she's not a natural politician like her husband Bill Clinton or President Barack Obama.

Clinton turned the question into a way of stressing her particular skills while admitting her liabilities, saying she had worked hard to become a better politician but wanted to be more than just good at campaigning.

""I don't want to be hired to be a constant candidate, I want to be hired to be the president because I think that I, in this moment in our country's history, bring the combination of skills and understanding and experience that can be really put to work immediately to do all parts of the job,"" she said.

She also said that the campaign skills of her husband and Obama are ""poetry,"" relating that ""I get carried away and I have seen them a million times."" She added that such stump skills were not her forte.

Sanders, asked which ideological opponents he got along with the best, mentioned Oklahoma Sen. James Inhofe, even though he's someone who Democrats have pilloried as a climate-change denier.

Though Sanders has been scoring some points on trade, Clinton has so far built a more diverse constituency resting especially on African-American voters and Hispanics and appears to have the edge going into Tuesday's primaries in Ohio, Florida, Illinois, Missouri and North Carolina.

Still, Sanders has high hopes of good results in the Midwest in particular and has been driving his message that the economy is stacked against working Americans and underpinned by a corrupt political system.

Tuesday's primaries are hugely significant because they make up the third-highest allocation of delegates available on a single day in the Democratic presidential race.

A new poll by The Wall Street Journal and NBC published on Sunday shows Clinton leading Sanders for the three biggest prizes available on Tuesday. She is up 61% to 34% on Sanders in Florida, leads him by 58% to 38% in Ohio and by six points in Illinois.

Sanders will be hoping that last Tuesday's results are an omen for this week after he went into the Michigan primary trailing badly in polls but still managed to best Clinton.

The former secretary of state, however, is looking to further bolster her lead in delegates over Sanders on Tuesday.

According to CNN estimates, Clinton has 1,244 delegates (including 772 pledged delegates and 472 superdelegates). Sanders has 574 delegates (including 551 pledged delegates and 23 superdelegates). Superdelegates are party officials and lawmakers who can vote at the convention and have already made their intentions clear.

CORRECTION: This story has been updated with the correct number of superdelegates for Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders.",1
4701,"In New Responses, Hillary Clinton Insists Email Setup A Matter Of 'Convenience'","In New Responses, Hillary Clinton Insists Email Setup A Matter Of 'Convenience'

Hillary Clinton said she decided to employ a private email server ""for the purpose of convenience"" in early 2009 and doesn't remember ""specific consultations"" about using that account to conduct State Department business, the Democratic presidential nominee told lawyers in material related to a Freedom of Information Act case released Thursday.

In written responses to 25 questions from the conservative group Judicial Watch, Clinton largely hewed to her prior statements about the email controversy, often saying she did not recall details about the arrangement. Clinton signed the court filing ""under penalty of perjury"" on October 10, one day after her debate with Republican nominee Donald Trump.

Clinton and her husband, former President Bill Clinton, have tangled with Judicial Watch for more than 20 years.

Some of that friction showed in her answers over 20-odd pages, littered with objections. At times, the candidate accused the conservative nonprofit of misstating her earlier remarks.

On occasion, she declined to answer questions about the vulnerability of her emails to hacking on the ground that it exceeded the boundaries of what a judge ordered earlier this year. And she cited attorney-client privilege in refusing to answer a question about her 11-hour testimony to a congressional panel in October 2015 that 90 to 95 percent of her emails ""were in the State's system.""

The Justice Department closed an investigation into Clinton's email practices with no charges against her or any of her aides. FBI Director James Comey found she had been ""extremely careless"" but concluded ""no reasonable prosecutor"" would have sought criminal charges. But that decision remains deeply unpopular among Republicans in Congress and with Trump, who is vying with Clinton to become president.

In the course of the investigation, the FBI recovered thousands of Clinton's emails during her tenure at the State Department. Many of those messages will be released in batches over the next month.

Clinton has said using one email account was a ""mistake"" she will not repeat. But it is also one she is unlikely to shake for the time being, if conservative watchdogs get their way.

""We're pleased that we now have a little bit more information about Hillary Clinton's email practices,"" Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton said. ""Our lawyers will be reviewing the responses closely. Mrs. Clinton's refusal to answer many of the questions in a clear and straightforward manner further reflects disdain for the rule of law.""",1
4929,Trump mulls alternative options for making Mexico finance 'the wall',"While Donald Trump doubled down this week on his vow to make Mexico pay for his proposed southern border wall, his campaign is reported to be weighing options that don’t necessarily involve the seemingly far-fetched scenario of the Mexican government handing America a great, big check.

LifeZette first reported that the Republican presidential nominee and his top advisers are looking at using assets seized from drug cartels and other traffickers. This reportedly could involve establishing a “joint border security fund” -- holding seized assets from crackdowns on both sides of the border – for border construction and maintenance.

Trump, asked Thursday by Fox News about the report, did not deny the option is on the table.

“There are many ways that they can pay for the wall,” Trump said, calling it a “negotiation.”

But he again insisted, “The United States will not be paying for the wall. Mexico will be paying for the wall.”

Breitbart News, whose chairman Stephen Bannon left to be Trump’s campaign CEO, also reported that cartel resources would be seized to fund the wall if Trump wins.

Trump supporter, and former presidential primary rival, Ben Carson floated another option Thursday night.

Speaking with Fox News, Carson said money saved from enforcing the border could be used – though he did not elaborate on what level of savings the federal government could expect, particularly when Trump is proposing spending more money on border security resources.

“Recognize that a lot of money is going to be saved by enforcing our borders, by not, you know, giving various types of benefits to people who are here illegally,” Carson said. “That money is money that we otherwise would not have had and that can be applied to the wall and various other things. That’s I believe the spirit in which that comment is made. I don't think Mexico is going to write a check out and say here, pay for the wall.”

Trump has not addressed such details on the stump.

He declared in his immigration policy speech Wednesday night that, “Mexico will pay for the wall … they don’t know it yet, but they’re going to pay.”

That came after Trump met with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto in Mexico City, and both men left the meeting battling over the payment issue. Trump said they didn’t discuss “payment,” while Pena Nieto said he made clear Mexico will not put up the money.

According to The Wall Street Journal, Trump added the line about payment into his Phoenix speech, in response to Pena Nieto’s claims.

If a Trump administration did pursue using cartel assets to fund a wall, it would take billions. Trump has estimated the wall could be built for as little as $8 billion, though other analyses have put the cost much higher.

Estimates of Mexican cartel revenue vary drastically. The U.S. government estimated a decade ago that Mexican traffickers make nearly $14 billion on drug sales to the U.S.",1
667,"Donald Trump said ‘university’ was all about education. Actually, its goal was: ‘Sell, sell, sell!’","When Donald Trump introduced his new university from the lobby of his famous tower, he declared that it would be unlike any of his other ventures.

Trump University would be a noble endeavor, he said, with an emphasis on education over profits. It was a way for him to give back, to share his expertise with the masses, to build a “legacy as an educator.”

He wouldn’t even keep all the money — if he happened to make a profit, he would turn the funds over to charity.

“If I had a choice of making lots of money or imparting lots of knowledge, I think I’d be as happy to impart knowledge as to make money,” Trump said at the inaugural news conference in the spring of 2005.

The launch of Trump University coincided with two auspicious developments for the real estate mogul: Through his then-year-old hit TV show “The Apprentice,” the billionaire was developing an image as America’s savviest boss, while the nation’s booming real estate market was giving hope to many who dreamed of striking it rich.

Ads touted Trump University as “the next best thing to being Trump’s apprentice.” Trump, who every week on TV singled out someone to be fired, pledged in a promotional video to “hand-pick” instructors. “Priceless information” would help attendees build wealth in the same real estate game that made Trump rich.

In the end, few if any of these statements would prove to be true.

Trump University was not a university. It was not even a school. Rather, it was a series of seminars held in hotel ballrooms across the country that promised attendees they could get rich quick but were mostly devoted to enriching the people who ran them.

Participants were enticed with local newspaper ads featuring images of Trump, then encouraged to write checks or charge tens of thousands of dollars on credit cards for multi-day learning sessions. Participants were considered “buyers,” as one internal document put it. According to the company’s former president, Trump did not personally pick the instructors. Many attendees were trained by people with little or no real estate expertise, customers and former employees have alleged in lawsuits against the company.

“I was told to do one thing,” said James Harris, a Trump University instructor whose sessions have been repeatedly cited in the litigation, in an interview with The Washington Post. “And that one thing was: . . . to show up to teach, train and motivate people to purchase the Trump University products and services and make sure everybody bought. That is it.”

A Trump spokesman said Harris’s comments “have no merit” and accused Harris of “looking for media attention to further his own agenda.”

All told, Trump University received about $40 million in revenue from more than 5,000 participants before it halted operations in 2010 amid lawsuits in New York and California alleging widespread fraud. The New York attorney general estimated Trump netted more than $5 million during the five years it was active. He has since acknowledged that he gave none of the profits to charity.

This account is based on a review of hundreds of pages of internal company records that have become public as a result of the lawsuits, as well as new interviews with former Trump University employees and customers.

Many of the company’s internal records, including several “playbooks” that advised employees on strategies for pressuring customers, were unsealed in court over the past week in response to a request by The Post.

Trump and his lawyers have vigorously disputed the allegations, predicting that they will win in court and reopen the business. They point to positive customer-satisfaction surveys that have been submitted in the lawsuits and suggest they have been unfairly targeted by trial lawyers and a politically motivated attorney general in New York.

“We continue to believe that people got substantial value and that people were overwhelmingly satisfied,” said Trump’s general counsel, Alan Garten. “We are not going to be stopping what we are doing. We are going to continue to zealously defend this case because, at the end of the day, we know we are not being tried by The Washington Post or by CNN — but in a courtroom by a jury.”

Garten acknowledged that Trump never gave away the profits to charity. He said it was always Trump’s intention but that the lawyers leading the class-action suits against the company “got a hold of this and . . . whatever profits existed sort of evaporated.” The unfulfilled promise was first reported last year by Time magazine.

In his defense, Trump has often cited the many positive reviews by former customers. A number of them submitted sworn statements in court explaining their positive experiences at Trump University.

Kissy and Mark Gordon, who own a residential development company in Virginia and jointly signed up for the most expensive program in 2008, said in an interview that they still use techniques they learned from the course today.

“Did we have an expectation that Trump was going to teach us? No,” Kissy Gordon said. “We have a building background and the economy changed, and we were looking for something in the same field to do something with it. So we were there to learn.”

Gregory Leishman, another former customer, recalled speaking to his assigned Trump University mentor on the phone weekly and touring potential properties for purchase with him in New Haven, Conn. “They gave me information I didn’t have otherwise,” he said. “You can probably get all that information from reading books. But Trump University was a crash course. You pay more, you get more.”

Nonetheless, the company has emerged as one of the most potent lines of attack against Trump’s campaign for president.

In the Republican primary, Sen. Marco Rubio (Fla.) cited it as a “fake university” and sought to use it to help build a case that Trump was a “con artist.”

In recent days, Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton and her campaign have picked up on that theme.

“Trump U is devastating because its a metaphor for his whole campaign: promising hardworking Americans a way to get ahead, but all based on lies,” tweeted press secretary Brian Fallon.

Trump also last week invited a torrent of criticism, including from legal scholars on the left and right, for accusing the judge presiding over the California suits, U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel, of being biased because he is of Mexican descent. Trump has said that Curiel is “Mexican,” although the 62-year-old was born in Indiana, and that because Trump wants to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border the judge cannot properly do his job.

The focus on Trump University also reignited a controversy in Texas over the decision there by the state attorney general not to file a fraud case against the business. Newly disclosed documents reported by Texas media show that investigators had probed the company for seven months and recommended a lawsuit. The inquiry was shut down when Trump University closed up shop in the state.

Trump later gave $35,000 to the gubernatorial campaign of then-Attorney General Greg Abbott. A spokesman for Abbott, now the Republican governor of Texas, has said it’s “absurd” to suggest a connection between the case and the donation that came several years later and that Trump University was “forced out of Texas and consumers were protected.”

Garten also dismissed any connection between the Texas decision and Trump’s donation, saying investigators reviewed “a few complaints . . . and decided not to proceed.”

The Trump University sales pitch began at free seminars, such as one hosted at a Holiday Inn just outside of Washington in 2009.

[In downturn, aspiring moguls turn to Trump U. for wisdom]

A placard outside the ballroom read, “Trump, think BIG.” Inside, aspiring real estate investors heard the theme song from “The Apprentice,” the O’Jays classic, “For the Love of Money.”

Then, a Trump University instructor took the microphone. “All right, you guys ready to be the next Trump real estate millionaire? Yes or No!?” he yelled, according to a Post account at the time.

The purpose of these free 90-minute introductions was not to turn attendees into millionaires, but rather to “set the hook” for future sales, according to employee playbooks.

The playbooks directed leaders of the free seminars to conclude introductory events by getting “in the sales mindset,” “ready to sell, sell, sell!”

Three-day courses typically cost $1,495, the records show. But people who paid to attend them were then urged to sign up for even pricier “elite” programs.

A “workshop enrollment form” distributed to participants laid out the options in categories, starting with the “Trump Gold Elite” program. At $34,995, it was the most expensive option — providing three days of personal, in-the-field mentorship as well as special programs on real estate investment, “wealth preservation” and “creative financing.”

The “Trump Silver Elite” package, priced at $19,495, offered real estate and finance training. The “Trump Bronze Elite,” priced at $9,995, offered similar, but fewer, courses.

Employees distributed “profile” surveys on the first day of the seminars, in which participants would outline their financial goals, as well as current assets and liabilities. Attendees were told that the information would help them figure out how much they had to invest in real estate, according to customer complaints.

But in the evenings, after seminars had concluded for the first day, staff members were instructed to use the information to rank each participant according to assets they had available to spend on more Trump University programs.

“If they can afford the gold elite,” the playbook advised, “don’t allow them to think about doing anything besides the gold elite.”

A 43-page “sales playbook” offered guidance on using psychological tools to convince students that they needed to sign up for the classes to fulfill their own goals — overcoming their worries that they might not need or be able to afford the classes.

“Customers don’t have needs — they have problems,” the book advised. “Problems are like health. The more a problem hurts now, the more the need for a solution now. And the more it hurts, the more they’ll be prepared to pay for a speedy solution.”

In a section devoted to “negotiating student resistance,” sales people were offered sample responses to common objections from potential students. If a potential customer said he was concerned about going into debt to pay for the classes, staff were advised to needle them: “I see, do you like living paycheck to paycheck?”

If doubts persisted, staffers were advised to invoke the big boss himself.

“Mr. Trump won’t listen to excuses and neither will we,” the instructors were told to say.

Former students have said they were instructed to call their credit card companies on the spot and raise their borrowing limit to pay for the program.

Harris, the former instructor, recalled one of his typical pitches to urge customers to find money for programs: “Do you have any equity on your home? Do you have a 401(k) or IRA?”

Harris, 47, said he was one of Trump University’s biggest sellers. Garten, Trump’s lawyer, said Harris was one of the most highly rated instructors.

Instructors had to sell hard to turn participants at free seminars into paying customers.

For the four years Trump University operated, more than 80,300 people attended the free introductory sessions. Those previews were offered 2,000 times in nearly 700 locations around the country.

But only around 6,000 people paid between $995 and $1,995 to attend three-day seminars, director of operations Mark Covais said in a 2012 affidavit. According to Covais, 572 people paid the full $34,995 for the top-level Trump University mentorship.

The entire program was built around Trump — his picture, his quotes and the promise of obtaining access to his special formula for prosperity.

One ad for the free Trump University seminars that appeared in a Corpus Christi, Tex., newspaper in 2009 promised attendees that they would “Learn from the Master,” below a picture of Trump.

“I can turn anyone into a successful real estate investor,” read a quote on the ad, attributed to Trump.

The California class-action lawsuit contains 49 separate instances of Trump University attendees being told their instructor or future mentor was personally chosen by Trump in 2009 alone.

“Donald Trump personally picked me,” one instructor told a group at a free seminar in May 2009, according to a transcript of the session filed as part of the New York case. “He could have picked anybody in this world but he picked me and the reason he picked me is because I’ve been very, very successful helping average people make a lot of money.”

Harris, the former instructor, told an introductory meeting of potential customers in 2009 that Trump’s personal generosity was a core element of the program.

“He did not have to start this university,” Harris told the group, according to a transcript in the New York case. “He does not need the money. . . . He does not get a dime of it. Does everyone understand this? Please say ‘yes.’ He does not need the money.”

In one presentation cited in the New York lawsuit, Harris described Trump as instrumental to his own efforts to turn his life around just after high school.

“I lived on the streets of New York, mostly down in the subways for the first nine months, and I did a lot of things to make some money,” he told a group attending a 2008 event. “And then I met a gentleman and he took me in, and I lived with him for a year and he taught me how to do real estate. He is still my mentor today. So the reason I am here is because Donald Trump picked me.”

In an interview, Harris said he met Trump once in the early 1990s, backstage at an event at the Taj Mahal casino. “Here is the truth,” he said. “When I was at Trump University, I had not one interaction with him ever. Not one.”

In reality, the instructors were not close to Trump, and many were not experts in real estate, according to several ex-staffers who have testified in the lawsuits.

“The Trump University instructors and mentors were a joke,” said Jason Nicholas, who worked for the company for seven months in 2007 and submitted a statement in the lawsuit. “In my opinion, it was just selling false hopes and lies.”

Michael Sexton, who was president of Trump University, acknowledged in sworn testimony in the New York case that none of the event instructors were hand-picked by Trump. Trump told lawyers in California that he would not dispute Sexton’s statement — nor could he remember a series of instructors, including Harris, by name or face.

Trump also did not review course curriculum, Sexton said.

“He would never do that,” Sexton said. “Mr. Trump is not going to go through a 300-page, you know, binder of content.”

Only when it came to marketing material was Trump deeply involved, reviewing every piece of advertisement, Sexton testified.

“Mr. Trump understandably is protective of his brand and very protective of his image and how he’s portrayed,” Sexton said. “And he wanted to see how his brand and image were portrayed in Trump University marketing materials. And he had very good and substantive input as well.”

Garten, the Trump attorney, said Trump was engaged as any CEO would be in the operations. Outside experts designed the curriculum, Garten said, but Trump was “intimately involved” in the process. While Trump may not have selected every instructor, Garten said he was “very much involved in the process and the discussion of what type of instructor was desired.”

At the courses, students were supposed to learn Trump’s secrets of real estate success.

But in sworn testimony in New York, Sexton could recall only one Trump practice that was incorporated into the courses: Invest in foreclosed properties.

The lesson underscored how Trump University, which was formed to teach aspiring business people to profit from the fast-expanding housing market, tailored itself after the 2008 economic crash to offer guidance on profiting from the aftermath.

One ad placed in the San Antonio Express-News in October 2009 promised that seminars would allow participants to “learn from Donald Trump’s handpicked experts how you can profit from the largest real estate liquidation in history.”

At a seminar called “Fast Track to Foreclosure,” students were instructed to find OPM, “other people’s money,” to buy homes out of foreclosure at depressed prices, dress them up with new paint and attractive landscaping — then flip them for profit.

Attendees were advised to use credit cards to invest in real estate, and they were told how to persuade credit card companies to raise their credit limits. If a credit card company representative asked for their income, they were advised to add $75,000 in anticipated earnings from their real estate venture before providing a figure for their expected earnings for the year.

Some customers have also alleged they were told there would be a personal appearance at the session by Trump. Instead, they received the opportunity to get their photograph taken with a life-size cardboard cutout of the mogul.

John Brown, a customer who provided a sworn statement in the New York case, described how he “came to realize that I was not adequately trained, which caused me to feel that Trump University had taken advantage of me.”

Brown said he paid $1,495 for a three-day seminar in 2009 and then used multiple credit cards to charge a $24,995 Trump mentorship program. Three years later, he said he had made no real estate investments using Trump knowledge — but was still paying off $20,000 from the courses.

“Because of the Trump name,” he said, “I felt these classes would be the best.”",1
3382,Kerry Adviser Marie Harf in Twitter Fight Over Iran Nukes,"With Western and Iranian negotiators racing toward a June 30 deadline to hammer out the final details of a nuclear deal, the mood is tense. Just take a look at Twitter, where Secretary of State John Kerry’s senior communications adviser Marie Harf is feuding with a reporter.",1
5199,The Daily 202: Many African Americans unenthusiastically ‘settle’ for Hillary Clinton,"RALEIGH, N.C.—Ayana McAllister went to Hillary Clinton’s rally two weekends ago at St. Augustine’s University, the historically-black school where she’s a freshman. She watched the Democratic nominee speak alongside the mothers of Trayvon Martin and Sandra Bland. But on the eve of the election, the 18-year-old is still not 100 percent sold.

“I don’t know,” said McAllister, a native of Largo, Md. “I feel like I’ve got to settle for Hillary. I feel like I’m going to vote because I know I need to, not because I want to. I feel like neither of them should be president, but I feel like Hillary will be better. Really, it’s like two children arguing back and forth.”

This was a common refrain during interviews at yesterday’s football game here between St. Augustine and crosstown rival Shaw University, another historically-black institution.

-- Early voting numbers and polling suggest that African American turnout is down nationally this year compared to 2012 and 2008. Though there are some signs that the gap has been closing in recent days, alarm bells have clearly gone off inside the Clinton high command.

-- Many students at the schools here in Raleigh regret that they never got to vote for Barack Obama. They are collectively disappointed that their first time forces them to choose between Clinton and Donald Trump, but they plan to vote nonetheless. In fact, teachers have told them that in lieu of class they will march to the polls on Tuesday.

“I am not a fan of either one, but of the two I will probably be voting for Hillary,” said Anoviua Rush, a freshman from Durham. “She’s just a liar. And Hillary is not even good at backing up her lies. Everyone makes mistakes, but when you try to cover them up it’s a problem.”

As a marching band performed behind her, under a cloudless sky on a perfect fall day, Rush explained that the prospect of electing the first woman president does not motivate her, but Clinton’s support for equal pay legislation does. “She’s more understanding of minorities and what we go through,” said Rush. “I’m not going to say he’s ‘racist,’ but he’s said some messed up stuff about minorities. … Donald’s main focus seems to be helping the wealthy and, I’ll say it, possibly Caucasians.”

-- “A lot of people are very discouraged. Very, very discouraged,” said Felishia McPherson, 47, who was wearing a “Black Lives Matter” t-shirt. “Really, it’s like you’re choosing between a liar and a clown. But who doesn’t lie? We all lie. … I’m a mental health counselor. I know that, psychologically, in order to want to be president, you’ve got to be a little narcissistic to start with. … Trump was never an option for me. I don’t love Hillary, but I don’t have to. She’s not coming to my house. She’s going to the White House.”

McPherson already voted early for Clinton. She brought her seven-year-old niece Malia, named after the president’s daughter, to Obama’s rally in Fayetteville on Friday. “I don’t know if I actually believe in the political system, as far as does my one vote count? But I’m not going to take a chance of it not counting,” she explained afterward. “If the system really does work, then I’m going to participate. If it doesn’t, then I still did the best I could by my ancestors. … I do believe, with Obama’s encouragement, even though we may not believe in the system, we know we need to do it.”

-- Several elderly African Americans expressed deep concern that millennials, including their grandchildren, do not sufficiently appreciate the importance of voting. Irene Hill-Thomas, 79, is a retired special education teacher who now spends most of her time volunteering at church and a food pantry in Sampson County. “If you’ve been around long enough, your eyes are open,” she said. “You appreciate it because you fought for it. The younger generation hasn’t been there. They don’t know. The younger generation doesn’t understand there was a time when we had to sit at the back of the bus and had no say so. … I remember the white and the colored fountains. They don’t.”

-- North Carolina was the closest state Obama won in 2008 and the closest state he lost in 2012. African Americans accounted for 23 percent of the electorate both times, and Obama won almost all of them.

Reflecting the importance of the 15 electoral votes up for grabs in North Carolina, and the strategic significance of the Research Triangle specifically, both candidates will return to Raleigh on Monday. Trump will give an afternoon speech at the state fairgrounds, and Clinton will hold the final rally of her campaign here -- at midnight.

-- Another very important explanation for why African American turnout is down in North Carolina: Republicans have worked to limit early voting locations and hours. The executive director of the state Republican Party persuaded GOP county officials to limit early voting in troubling emails that have been unearthed by public records requests. He pushed to limit the number of hours sites were open, especially evenings and Sundays, when many African Americans typically cast ballots (after church services).

In the Democratic-leaning county that includes Greensboro – the state’s third largest – there were 16 early voting sites in 2012 during the first week that polls were open. This year there was just one. So while 61,000 people voted during the first week four years ago, only 8,000 did this year. (After that first week, 25 voting sites were opened and turnout records were broken.)

-- I shadowed a field staffer from the AFL-CIO affiliate group Working America as she canvassed in a predominantly black section of Raleigh yesterday afternoon. Walking across lawns in a hilly neighborhood just off Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd., Andrea Vogler urged folks to go vote.

During a period of just one hour, though, half a dozen African Americans separately complained that they tried to vote early but the lines were too long. So they came home. They all said they hope to still go on Tuesday, but what if the lines are long then too? Will they stick around?

A woman in a nurse’s uniform said she went by the early voting site three times over the past week, but the lines were too long each time.

A younger man named Victor came to his door in red-checkered pajamas. He had gone earlier in the day too but said he was too tired to stand around. He works a night shift, so he said he’s going to try voting on his drive home from work at 6:30 a.m. Tuesday – which he hopes will be before a crowd forms.

“I’ve heard that on a couple of different days now,” Vogler, 32, lamented as she walked to the next house. “On the one hand, it is good people are trying to vote. On the other, I hope it doesn’t deter anyone from actually voting.”

A woman named Barbara, pulling out of her driveway in a Chevy Trailblazer with her infant son in the backseat, is one of the people who gave up when she saw the lines.

Damien, her husband, was who Vogler had come to talk with. Barbara warned her that he was sleeping. But every vote counts, so the canvasser went to knock on the door anyway. He was nonplussed. “I worked all damn night, 12 hours,” he said, his eyes bloodshot. “I just want to go back to my bed.” She tried to hand him a piece of paper with bullet points on why he should vote for Clinton. He grimaced and refused to take it.

Working America has about 700 field staffers farmed out across nine states. They have had 573,400 conversations with voters since launching this summer, including 45,500 in North Carolina. In the Raleigh area alone, the labor group had seven vans with five to seven people in each hitting doors on Saturday. The group largely targets African American and Latino voters, though some swing white Republicans are in their universe.

An older man sitting in his green Chevy Lumina, picking his teeth with a toothpick outside a row of ground-level studio apartments, told Vogler that he planned to vote later in the afternoon. She informed him that early voting had ended for the day, and that Saturday was the final opportunity until Tuesday. “Damn,” he replied.

“North Carolina is the most important state,” Vogler stressed over and over again. “You’ve got to get out to vote!”

-- In an interview late last night, I asked Democratic Senate candidate Deborah Ross – who is in a neck-and-neck race with Sen. Richard Burr that may decide which party controls the majority – about all these people who said they did not vote early because of the lines. “It’s by design,” she complained. But she argued that this will also galvanize many African Americans on Tuesday. “I don’t think anything is going to keep people from voting this year,” she said.

Ross, a former state representative who sponsored 2007 legislation allowing for same-day voter registration (which was pivotal to Obama carrying the state a year later), noted that, for every person who returned home when they saw the crowded early voting sites, many more waited around. “There were people who stood for hours in line,” she said.

The weather forecast for Tuesday looks good, and she believes this might make the difference in her “razor thin” race. “I think we’re going to see long lines on Election Day,” Ross predicted, with a southern twang. “We’re going to turn people out.”

A Clinton campaign official, speaking anonymously, said they were worried during the first week of early voting, but the fact that hundreds of additional sites wound up opening for the second week made the situation much better and led to a huge increase in turnout. But allies say Clinton may need to perform especially well on Election Day to offset votes that were lost over the past two weeks.

Surrogates have also streamed into the state to drive African Americans to the polls. Civil rights icon John Lewis headlined a march in Charlotte on Thursday. Cory Booker came Friday night. Other efforts are underway too. The national president of the Sierra Club was outside the St. Augustine’s football game handing out biscuits from Bojangles’ and urging young people to support Clinton in order to advance environmental issues.

-- The president himself has now spoken at five rallies for Clinton in North Carolina. Addressing a crowd of 2,500 that was probably 95 percent black in Fayetteville on Friday, he made a very explicit pitch. “Right now, Donald Trump is calling on his supporters to monitor ‘certain areas’ on Election Day,” Obama said. “I don’t know what ‘certain areas’ he’s talking about, but you do.”

He finished his speech with the story of a 100-year-old woman who was purged from the North Carolina voter rolls after a Republican challenged her registration status on flimsy grounds. Grace Bell Hardison was mentioned in an NAACP lawsuit that prompted a federal judge to issue an injunction on Friday. North Carolina election officials are now scrambling to restore the rights of thousands of voters – most black and Democratic -- who had been cut from the rolls under a so-called “individual challenge law.”

“So, young people, I want you to understand this,” Obama said. “It wasn’t that long ago when folks had to guess the number of jellybeans in a jar (or) the number of bubbles on a bar of soap. It wasn’t that long ago folks were beaten trying to register voters in Mississippi. … If you’ve been marching for criminal justice reform, that’s great. But you still need to vote! … If you vote, we’ll win North Carolina. And if we win North Carolina, Hillary Clinton will be president.”

WHILE YOU WERE SLEEPING:

-- Trump was rushed offstage during a campaign rally in Reno last night after a man reportedly yelled “gun,” but the GOP nominee emerged back onstage after a brief period to finish his speech. Secret Service officials said agents apprehended the man but found no weapon. The man, who identified himself as Austyn Crites, 33, was reportedly released after the event, telling reporters that he was attacked for holding a “Republicans against Trump” sign. “When I pulled out the sign, people around me were trying to grab the sign,” Crites said. “And so all that was occurring was booing, of course. That’s what you would expect.” He said that the crowd tackled him, and began “kicking me and grabbing me in the crotch and just, just beating the crap out of me.” (Jose A. DelReal, Anne Gearan and Ed O'Keefe have more.)

-- Donald Trump Jr. and top campaign social media aide Dan Scavino immediately retweeted unsubstantiated claims that Trump had just survived an attack on his life: “Hillary ran away from the rain today. Trump is back onstage minutes after assassination attempt,” the tweet read.

-- Meanwhile, a man wearing a mask and carrying a gun was arrested near the White House following a struggle with authorities. Immediate details surrounding the incident are unclear, but the Secret Service says he's being charged with carrying a firearm without a license, carrying unregistered ammunition, resisting arrest and committing a crime while wearing a mask. (Martin Weil)

-- A press bus following Tim Kaine in Tampa was hit “at high speed"" on Sunday evening, according to several people onboard. One reporter said the bus was hit by what appeared to be a police car. But there were no reports of injuries and the bus continued. Kaine was several cars ahead of the press bus, according to reporters in his motorcade.

-- Our WaPo/ABC News tracking poll finds Clinton leading Trump nationally by five points -- 48 percent to 43 percent -- widening last week’s tight race as she shows clear advantages on several personal attributes:

-- The Wall Street Journal/NBC poll finds Clinton up a similar four points (44-40). Clinton’s lead is less than half of the 11-point advantage she held in their mid-October survey, taken before the FBI email announcement. A wide swath of Trump’s support also comes from within his own party, as Republican voters rally around the nominee in the final stretch of the campaign.

-- A Des Moines Register/Mediacom poll shows Trump with a seven point lead in IOWA, up three points from last month.

-- A Columbus Dispatch poll shows Clinton eking out a single point lead over Trump in OHIO (48-47). Pollster Darrel Rowland says Clinton will “almost certainly” carry Ohio should enough young and minority voters show up to the polls. The same poll has Rob Portman crushing Ted Strickland by 21 points (58-37).LeBron James will appear alongside Clinton in Cleveland today on the final day of early in-person voting in OHIO.

-- The CBS News battleground tracker has Trump up 46-45 in OHIO and a 45-45 tie in FLORIDA.

THE FINAL SCHEDULES FOR BOTH CANDIDATES:

-- What's with the 11th-hour fluidity? Karen Tumulty and Dan Balz note that four states have dominated the Clinton campaign’s calculation throughout the fall: Florida, North Carolina, Ohio and Pennsylvania. “Obama won those four in 2008 and all of them but North Carolina in 2012. Until recently, it appeared that Trump needed to sweep all four to overcome Clinton’s electoral-map advantage. But as the race has tightened, Ohio seems to have moved into the Republican column, and other states outside those four have potentially come into play. The GOP nominee is looking to states including Michigan (and) New Hampshire … to make up a potential deficit, should he not win Florida, North Carolina and Pennsylvania. ... In Trump’s case, it is an effort to grab what he considers emerging opportunities in the sprint for the finish line; in Clinton’s, as insurance against surprises Tuesday in territory she has considered hers.” (The Post’s politics team lists the 15 states that will decide the election on Tuesday, breaking down the state of the race in each one.)

-- Why is Michigan getting so much late attention? Hillary campaigned in Detroit on Friday, and she’s coming back to Grand Rapids tomorrow while Barack Obama flies to Ann Arbor. Bill is stumping in Lansing at 1 p.m. today. Remember that HRC unexpectedly lost the state’s primary to Bernie Sanders in March, despite every poll putting her significantly ahead. Trump and Pence are also both going there. Fourteen percent of the electorate is African American.

-- The Clinton campaign is trying to downplay its late efforts in Michigan. “Look, if we hold onto Nevada (and) hold onto Michigan, then Hillary Clinton is going to be the next President of the United States,” John Podesta said on Meet the Press this morning. “Most people vote on election day in Michigan, so our schedule has been oriented to being in the early vote states, in the earlier period of time.” Stephen Neuman, a senior adviser to the Democratic coordinated campaign in Michigan, noted that the campaign already has 35 offices. A Washington Post average of recent polls in the state has Clinton leading Trump in Michigan just 43 percent to 41 percent. Mook acknowledged that polls have has tightened in Michigan, but added: “I feel very confident about how we’re going to do.” (John Wagner and Anne Gearan)

-- Trump seems to have given up on Wisconsin. Aides told me last week that he’d probably go back multiple times, including to the Milwaukee suburbs. He’s not even going to come back once to the Badger State. But now he’s going to Minnesota (where he has absolutely not a snowball’s chance). The campaign said it has done polling there, but Maggie Haberman of the Times tweeted that this is a lie.

-- The latest indignity for the Speaker --> ""Trump cancels Wisconsin rally just as Paul Ryan says he would campaign with him,"" by Jessie Opoien in the Madison Capital Times: “For the second time in as many months, the possibility of a joint Paul Ryan-Donald Trump campaign appearance was floated and quickly yanked away. The Republican nominee earlier this week scheduled a Sunday afternoon rally in West Allis, just outside Milwaukee. It was to be Trump's sixth Wisconsin event since he lost the state's primary election. ‘We don't know if it's scheduled firm or not yet, but I intend to do it if he's here,’ Ryan told reporters Saturday when asked if he would attend the Trump rally. … ‘If our nominee comes, we'll campaign with him.’ … Seconds later, a spokesman for Trump's Wisconsin campaign alerted reporters that the event had been canceled.” (Ryan stumped alongside Mike Pence yesterday.)

-- But perplexingly Trump and Pence have not given up on VIRGINIA, adding several stops and deploying key surrogates. “Trump’s decision to appear in a populous, purple Washington exurb cuts against his broader strategy of running up the vote in heavily red, rural areas,” Laura Vozzella writes. “Much of his last-minute appeals have been in tiny burgs like Selma, N.C., population 6,000. His foray into Northern Virginia appears to be a bid to hold down Clinton’s margins in a region that, excluding the exurbs, leans heavily Democratic.”

-- Bigger picture: Trump’s schedule belies the biggest challenge facing him right now. It’s not clear where and how he would win. “Of all of [Trump’s must-win] states, the only one where Mr. Trump has really been close in the polls is Nevada,” writes The Upshot’s Nate Cohn. “But Nevada is also the state where we know the most about the results because of early voting, and it hasn't brought good news for Mr. Trump. … Perhaps Mr. Trump will mount a huge comeback in Nevada on Election Day. Or maybe Democrats are much weaker among registered Democrats or unaffiliated voters than most analysts believe. But if Mrs. Clinton does indeed have a big advantage in Nevada, then his chances start looking very bleak: He's at a disadvantage in the polls of all of the other states that could put him over the top. What's more, it's not really clear where he has his best chance — something reflected in Mr. Trump's unfocused pre-election push.”

-- A deep dive on the national mood: Fifteen of our reporters traveled the country talking to voters and report on ""deep anxiety – and some lingering traces of optimism"": “Only eight years after millions of Americans poured into the streets in spontaneous, joyful celebration of the election of the nation’s first black president, optimism seems to have been sucked out of the country’s marrow, replaced by a heavy anxiety, a sense that things aren’t right and can’t easily be fixed.""

-- Early voting trends in FLORIDA appear to (narrowly) favor Clinton: “The Democrats’ lead of 7,280 ballots cast pales in comparison to their advantage of about 104,000 early and absentee votes four years ago, however the state’s voter rolls have shifted significantly and neither Republicans nor Democrats can lay claim to having a clear advantage,” Politico’s Marc Caputo writes.

“I think it's trending well for HRC, but it's definitely a toss up state,” says Democratic consultant Steve Schale, who helped lead Obama's efforts in the Sunshine State in 2008 and 2012. (Read his latest memo on the early vote.)

-- Jon Ralston, the dean of the NEVADA press corps, predicts a deep blue wave in the notoriously-hard-to-poll Silver State: “Trump may have been here this weekend, believing in the polls that show him ahead or competitive here. But like Bruce Willis in ‘The Sixth Sense’ (spoiler alert), he does not realize he is dead. The Democratic early voting effort, which was much more difficult with a nominee so many Democrats don’t like or trust, has been impressive — a valedictory statement from The Reid Machine. Yes, 2016 is not 2012. Hillary Clinton is not Barack Obama. Plenty of votes will be cast Tuesday. But: About two-thirds of the votes already have been banked. If the past is prologue … The only real question, I think, is how deep the blue wave goes.”

-- The Supreme Court moved to allow an ARIZONA “ballot collection” law barring organizers from picking up ballots and delivering them to election stations. The move is an eleventh-hour blow to Democrats, who argue that the ruling could disenfranchise thousands of minority voters. (CNN)

-- Chris Christie canceled four NEW HAMPSHIRE stops on behalf of Trump yesterday, following the convictions of two former top aides for their role in the 2013 Bridgegate scandal. The New Jersey governor is doing an interview today with Charlie Rose to try cleaning up the mess. Imagine is Christie was the Republican nominee, and those convictions got handed down the Friday before the election? (WMUR)

-- Faithless elector alert: A WASHINGTON state Democratic elector said he is refusing to vote for Clinton even if she wins the popular vote, facing the potential of a $1,000 fine. He told the AP he “doesn’t care.” This could matter if the election is really close.

-- Some are still Bernie or Bust: Sanders went to Iowa State University in Ames yesterday to lead a rally for Clinton. One of the warm-up speakers was Kaleb Vanfosson, the president of the Young Democratic Socialists group at the school. He was supposed to give a speech about the need for unity, but instead he took the stage and started talking about how ""terrible"" Hillary is. ""She is so trapped in the world of the elite,"" the sophomore in political science said. ""She has completely lost grip of what it's like to be an average person."" He added that there was no point in voting for the ""lesser of two evils."" It took about a minute of this before a Clinton staffer escorted him off the stage. Here’s the story from the student paper. And here’s the video:

-- Tim Kaine made headlines after suggesting that some inside the FBI are “actively working” to support Trump’s campaign. From Ed O’Keefe: In a Miami interview, Kaine called the FBI a “leaky sieve” and accused Jim Comey of breaking protocol by announcing his email investigation so close to an election. He also dismissed Trump ally Rudy Giuliani’s decision to back off claims that he, Giuliani, had been given advance notice of the FBI's plans to possibly reopen the Clinton investigation. “I don’t think Giuliani’s walk-back is credible,” the Virginia senator said, referring to Giuliani’s preemptive announcement that the FBI had a “big announcement” to come. “I think the FBI sadly has become like a leaky sieve,” he added.

-- New York Times, “If Clinton Moves to Oval Office, Aides’ Baggage May Be Heavy,” by Matt Flegenheimer and Mark Landler: “In the final sprint of her campaign, troubled by an F.B.I. inquiry and narrowing polls, [Clinton] has held tightly to a handful of advisers who have spent their careers protecting her interests, defending her reputation, and at times sullying it — and their own. And if she wins on Tuesday, the most telling test of Mrs. Clinton’s transition back to power will arrive quickly: After a campaign season often defined by voters’ weariness with and distrust of her, which old hands will — or should — follow her into the Oval Office? Almost no top adviser has been left untouched by the two central firestorms of Mrs. Clinton’s candidacy: the inquiry into her use of a private email server … and the WikiLeaks hack of [campaign chairman John Podesta]. The unvarnished view of infighting in the stolen documents is unlikely to bother Mrs. Clinton much, friends say. The political wisdom of importing excess baggage to the executive branch is another matter.""

-- Boston Globe A1, “9 moments that molded the campaign,” by Matt Viser and Annie Linskey: “When planning the Democratic convention in Philadelphia, Clinton campaign officials didn’t initially include Michelle Obama as a featured speaker, according to a Democratic strategist familiar with the plans. … For Clinton’s campaign, it made sense to put her on the rostrum on the tumultuous opening day — when Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren were both to speak. ‘We thought it would be hard for Sanders’ people to boo Michelle Obama,’ said the person, who isn’t authorized to talk about the first lady’s deliberations.” Another revelation: The Trump campaign was warned months in advance to be ready for Clinton’s attack over Alicia Machado but did nothing.

-- New Yorker, “Meet Maya Harris, Hillary Clinton’s Progressive Link,” by Emily Greenhouse: “To speak with those who have worked with Harris is to be bulldozed with superlatives. Mary Kay Henry, the president of the Service Employees International Union, who worked with Harris recently on the Democratic Party platform, told me that ‘she lives her life on a moral crusade on all of those justice issues … She carries her peeps, our peeps, with her in everything she does.’ Beyond policy, Harris seems to offer, in her very person, solutions to some of Clinton’s image problems.""

-- The owners of the National Enquirer reportedly paid to shield Trump from allegations of a former Playboy model who claims they had an affair, paying $150,000 for rights to her story before declining to publish it. From the Wall Street Journal’s Joe Palazzolo, Michael Rothfeld and Lukas I. Alpert: “The tabloid-newspaper publisher reached an agreement in early August with Karen McDougal, the 1998 Playmate of the Year. American Media Inc., which owns the Enquirer, hasn’t published anything about what she has told friends was a consensual romantic relationship she had with Mr. Trump in 2006. At the time, Mr. Trump was married to his current wife, Melania. Quashing stories that way is known in the tabloid world as ‘catch and kill.’ In a written statement, the company said it wasn’t buying Ms. McDougal’s story for $150,000, but rather two years’ worth of her fitness columns and magazine covers as well as exclusive life rights to any relationship she has had with a then-married man.” Trump and American Media Owner CEO David Pecker are longtime friends.

-- Melania stumped alongside her husband in North Carolina, calling him a ""compassionate, giving ... loving"" man, she said, who ""cares so deeply about this country.""

-- “In America’s democratic showcase, the world sees a model of what not to do,” by Griff Witte: “In the seaside cafes of Beirut, the whole thing looks ‘like a bad joke.’ To persecuted journalists in Burundi, it amounts to ‘a total loss of dignity.’ The government-scripted press of Beijing diagnoses ‘an empire moving downhill.’ And the spin doctors of the Kremlin see cause for pure and unambiguous delight. The U.S. presidential election — America’s quadrennial chance to showcase for the world how democracy works in the most powerful nation on Earth — has become instead an object lesson in everything that ails a country long seen as a beacon of freedom and hope. People in small and distant countries who count on the U.S. to stand up for democratic values have been astonished to see essential components … trammeled. Long-standing allies have been left to wonder … whether the U.S. can be relied on when it counts. And even though the campaign still has days to go — with the outcome very much in doubt — the damage to American moral standing may already be done.”

Quote du jour: “America always spoke to Arab countries as if they had so much to learn,” said a 27-year-old Beirut café worker, who says he has been closely watching the election ever since he read about Trump’s sexual assault boasts. “And now we see their own democracy involves choosing between a woman from a dynasty and a man who says the system is manipulated. If that’s democracy, then we don’t want it.”

-- The New York Times’ Farah Stockman and Nick Corasaniti explore how this loss of luster could affect the American brand: “In interviews, Americans who travel overseas and foreign observers say that tourists who once felt themselves the envy of the world now feel the sting of embarrassment. Businesses that once marketed their jeans and fleece jackets internationally as tiny pieces of the American dream are being advised to revamp their ad campaigns."" An Australian public relations consultant noted that state lawmakers in Sydney recently adopted a resolution – by unanimous consent – describing Trump as ""a revolting slug” unfit for office.

-- The idea that Tuesday will end our partisan rancor is a “naïve fantasy,"" writes Frank Bruni:“There’s no end here, just a punctuation mark, a measly comma between the rancor that has built until this point and the fury to come. And there’s no way to un-see what all of us have seen over these last 18 months, to bottle up what has been un-bottled. Election Day will redeem and settle nothing, not this time around. Whether balloons fall on [Clinton] or [Trump], there will be bolder divisions in America than there were at the start of it all and even less faith in the country’s most important institutions … Even putting Trump’s angry troops aside, it feels as if we’re coming out of this election with four parties: the Paul Ryan Republicans, the Freedom Caucus, the establishment Democrats and the Elizabeth Warren/Bernie Sanders brigade … Meet the new paralysis, same as the old paralysis. Potentially, worse. From elections past, I don’t recognize this terrain. How can I assume that it’s navigable?”

-- “If [Trump] loses, the party faces a daunting reconstruction challenge,” says conservative columnist Peter Wehner, who served in the Bush and Reagan administrations: “Policies that promote economic growth, social mobility and greater opportunity are important. But in some respects the party’s stance [here] is a secondary priority. Republicans need to wrestle with more fundamental questions first: Will their party choose as its leaders people who respect democratic institutions and traditions, or not; who conceive of America as a welcoming society or as one that is racially and religiously closed … who abhor ignorance or embrace it? In a post-Trump world, Republicans need to ask themselves if their party will be characterized by its aspirations or its resentments. Can it make its own inner peace with living in an increasingly diverse and nonwhite America? Does it conceive of its role as tamping down or inflaming ugly passions? Does it believe in a just social order or not? The next few months will tell us a lot about whether Mr. Trump and Trumpism were an anomaly or are now the new norm of the party that Lincoln helped create.""

-- “When historians write about this bizarre, ugly and dispiriting campaign … the epic dark saga will unfold this way: A man, filled with fear and insecurity, created a hatemongering character and followed it out the window. And a woman, filled with fear and insecurity, hunkered down and repeated bad patterns rather than reimagining herself in an open, bold way,” Maureen Dowd writes. “Before he jumped into the presidential race, Trump was seen as bombastic, vulgar, a bit of a buffoon and a cave man, but [also] ‘a cheeky brio.’ He was not regarded as a bigot or demagogue. He was seen as a playboy, not a predator … But he created another character for the Republican primaries, playing to the feral instincts of angry voters, encouraging violence at his rallies, hatred toward journalists and disrespect for democracy itself. ‘He’s so used to playing a role in different areas of his life,’ said [TV personality] Donny Deutsch … ‘He saw the crowd’s adulation and it drove him. He started to get the biggest cheers for saying the most offensive things.’”

-- The New Yorker’s Jeffrey Toobin dubbed this election “Clinton investigation mania, part two”: “Bill Clinton’s Presidency was defined, for the most part, by criminal and congressional investigations,” he writes. “The subjects of those probes sound like entries in a nineteen-nineties time capsule: Whitewater, Filegate, Travelgate … It may be that Republicans spent so much time in pursuit of Bill Clinton’s scalp because things were mostly going well otherwise. The economy boomed, and the nation was at peace. So Congress took a vacation from its responsibilities to investigate a decade-old Arkansas land deal in which the Clintons lost money. But real dangers abound in the unstable world of today. The economy is only tenuously prosperous. And a warming planet, notwithstanding the lack of interest among debate moderators, threatens apocalyptic change. A politics based on pursuit and accusation, rather than on reason and compromise, will address none of these problems. And the prospect of four years of governance that resemble the last days of this campaign is one that would drive anyone to drink.”

-- “Averting the worst starts with electing Hillary Clinton,” says the New York Times’ Editorial Board. “For many voters that will mean defying Republican efforts to jam the electoral machinery through lies, legal obstructions and the threat of violence. We hope the voters hold out, however intimidating the process and long the lines. For Americans who may feel unmoved or unwilling to vote for Mrs. Clinton, here is a question from the future: In 2016 we were closer than ever to electing an ignorant and reckless tyrant — what did you do to stop him? There’s no sense complaining anymore. The hurricane is three days from landfall. The urgent thing now is to avert the worst, minimize the damage, save the foundations, clear the mess.”

-- ""The Wall Street Journal hasn’t endorsed a presidential candidate since 1928, and if we didn’t endorse Ronald Reagan we aren’t about to revive the practice for Mrs. Clinton or Mr. Trump,"" the Journal’s board declares. “A broken Washington needs to be shaken up and refocused on the public good, and who better to do it than an outsider beholden to neither political party? If only that reform possibility didn’t arrive as a flawed personality who has few convictions and knows little about the world.”

-- South Korean prosecutors arrested two former aides of President Park Geun-hye on Sunday, widening an investigation into the bizarre “shadow president” scandal that has stoked outrage across the country. On Saturday, tens of thousands of people gathered in the capital to demand she step down. (AP)

-- A Kurdish-led, U.S. backed force in Syria launched an offensive to retake control of Raqqa, seeking to drive out Islamic State militants from their northeastern stronghold. The operation with the U.S.-supported military effort to seize the Mosul from ISIS militants, Hugh Naylor writes. And the impending assault represents an “intensified international effort” to increase pressure on the extremist group as it loses control of territory in the countries.

-- As Chicago battles its highest rate of homicides in nearly 20 years, police are solving fewer cases than they have in decades. Officers today clear just 26 percent of cases – a drastic reduction from years such as 1991, where levels averaged 80 percent. (Kimbriell Kelly, Wesley Lowery and Steven Rich)

-- A South Carolina real estate agent accused of kidnapping a woman and keeping her chained up by the neck “like a dog” inside a storage container may be responsible for the deaths of at least seven people, authorities said. Police said they discovered at least one body on the man’s property, and he confessed to a string of other homicides. The gruesome revelations come as a stark contrast to the man’s professional image – appearing to be a successful realtor who ran his own firm upstate. (Amy B Wang)

-- Two men in D.C. were arrested for allegedly spray painting the Trump Hotel and the FBI building on Saturday. Police said the incidences occurred during the Million Mask March demonstration. Both men were charged with defacing government property and resisting arrest. (Joe Heim)

-- Great profile --> “Founding Fervor,” by Kevin Sullivan:  “More than 250 people, mostly conservative Christians, clap and whoop as [KrisAnne] Hall takes the stage in the ballroom of a suburban Minnesota hotel … Hall, a radio host, former Florida prosecutor and Army veteran, tells the crowd that the Southern Poverty Law Center, a civil rights group that tracks extremism, has included her on its list of 998 anti-government groups in the U.S. She just loves that. Hall, 47, started firing up rage at the federal government six years ago, driving around the southeast in her old Saturn car … [Now] in this era of [Trump], her message fits the moment, and her popularity has exploded. She is a chief circuit rider for liberty, spending more than 260 days a year preaching against federal government overreach.  She says those who disagree with her reading of history are either ignorant of the founders’ intentions or ‘federal supremacists’ who ignore the Constitution. ‘The problem with her approach is that it ignores 240 years of history,’ said Georgetown professor David Cole.”

-- “Big government is the new West Coast craze,” by Jim Tankersley: “Voters up and down the West Coast are quietly poised to extend a massive economic experiment this Election Day, probing the limits of how much states can soak the big guys to help the little guys. Their efforts — in three of the hottest state economies in the country — defy decades of conservative arguments about cutting taxes to spur economic growth. The new West Coast Model is higher taxes on the rich, higher spending by the state and wide-scale efforts to lift the working poor. … It is on the ballot in three states: Californians are set to essentially make permanent an income tax surcharge on millionaires in order to fund education. Washington voters appear likely to raise their minimum wage statewide to $13.25 an hour … In Oregon, it will be a down-to-the-wire battle to see if voters will bolster their state budget by taxing large corporations. Advocates are already planning how to export them to the rest of the country.”

-- “Islamic State tunnels below Mosul are a hidden and deadly danger,” by William Booth and Aaso Ameen Shwan “’They’re everywhere,’ said the Iraqi intelligence officer, sweeping his arm from this ancient Christian village toward the horizon. The Iraqi captain was searching for tunnels dug by Islamic State fighters. The officer stomped on the ground. ‘Here. We found one, then three, now six. Right here.’ … Villages recaptured from ISIS over the past three weeks … have been honeycombed with tunnels, many of them booby-trapped. In the past three days, commanders say Iraqi forces have faced the hardest fighting of the offensive as they entered Mosul, made worse by extensive tunnels that are allowing ISIS fighters to appear seemingly out of nowhere, attack, then retreat to the hidden bunkers. An Iraqi armored commander who drove his Abrams tank into eastern Mosul recalled seeing dozens of fighters scrambling on the street in front of his guns. ‘Then they disappeared,’ he said. Into the ground. ‘It’s like we are fighting two wars in two cities,’ said Col. Falah Al-Obaidi of the Iraqi counterterror forces. ‘There’s the war on the streets and there is a whole city underground where they are hiding.’""

-- “Senate majority may hinge on NEVADA candidates unable to break through noise,” by Paul Kane: “The battle for the Senate might well come down to a contest in which neither candidate has broken through the much-louder noise of other political fights. For months, U.S. Rep. Joseph J. Heck and former state attorney general Catherine Cortez Masto have slugged it out in the most expensive Senate race in this state’s history, locked in a tight contest that gives Republicans a chance to steal a Democratic crown jewel: the seat of Senate Minority Leader [Harry Reid]. A Heck victory would make the tenuous path for Republicans to hold the Senate majority easier to navigate. Democrats need four seats to capture the majority if [Clinton] … wins the White House. Yet despite those high stakes, the Senate race here has often felt like an undercard boxing match on the Las Vegas Strip as everyone awaits the main event between the presidential candidates, Clinton and [Trump], who have campaigned and spent heavily in this key swing state.”

NEWS YOU CAN USE IF YOU LIVE IN D.C.:

-- The Capital Weather Gang forecasts another gorgeous fall day ahead: “Our spectacular weekend weather continues today. You’ll want to get out and enjoy every minute you can, before the sun sets in the District at 5:02 p.m.! Morning temperatures rise through the 50s and, by afternoon, it doesn’t feel much like November, as highs climb to around 65-70.”

Here's the final ""Saturday Night Live"" cold open before the election, with Cecily Strong as Erin Burnett:

It's been a long election season, but there were some great moments; here are a few of our favorites:

Clinton quickly ended her rally in Florida when it began pouring rain:

The Clinton campaign released an 8-minute ""mini documentary"" about her campaign:

In Denver, Trump said he ""doesn't need"" celebrity supporters like Beyoncé and Jay Z:

In light of Trump, Bill Maher said maybe he was too tough on George W. Bush and Mitt Romney:

NH1 asked Elizabeth Warren what she thought about a possible 2018 race with Red Sox legend Curt Schilling:",1
1809,"100,000 people have come to recent Bernie Sanders rallies. How does he do it?","The overflow crowds showing up to hear Bernie Sanders these days are a testament not only to his current popularity and the campaign’s social-media savvy but also to the promotional abilities of an alchemy of like-minded interests: progressive activists, labor unions and even Sarah Silverman.

The comedian took to Twitter to let her nearly 6.7 million followers know she would be at a rally for the Democratic presidential hopeful here Monday. That event drew an estimated 27,500 people — about five times as large as any crowd that has turned out for Democratic front-runner Hillary Rodham Clinton.

“Bernie always seems to be on the right side of history,” Silverman told the boisterous audience at the Los Angeles Memorial Sports Arena, noting that the 73-year-old was a civil rights activist in the 1960s, supported gay rights in the 1980s and strongly opposed the Iraq war before most other Americans.

[To his old socialist allies, Sanders has sold out]

All told, Sanders has attracted more than 100,000 people to his rallies in recent weeks, riding a wave of Facebook shares, retweets and old-fashioned word-of-mouth to become by far the biggest draw on the campaign trail.

Such turnout is no guarantee that Sanders will perform well in the crucial early-nominating states — fellow Vermonter Howard Dean preached to similarly large and frenzied audiences in mostly liberal enclaves in 2003, only to collapse as the Iowa caucuses approached.

But it is drawing energy and attention away from Clinton — whose aides peg her largest crowd to date at 5,500 — and exposing a lack of enthusiasm for her candidacy among some facets of the Democratic Party. And it is creating a network of small-scale donors and volunteers that could provide Sanders with the resources he will need to compete with the former secretary of state and first lady in the weeks and months ahead.

Roughly 28,000 people showed up for a recent Sanders rally in Portland, Ore. The self-described democratic socialist drew 15,000 in Seattle; 11,000 in Phoenix; 10,000 in Madison, Wis.; 8,000 in Dallas; and 4,500 in New Orleans.

[The Sanders predicament: Where do you fit all those people?]

This weekend, Sanders will host a couple of town hall meetings in Iowa and attend events with other candidates. His campaign has not yet said where his next large-scale rally will be.

In Los Angeles, Sanders’s campaign estimated that 27,500 people were jammed inside and outside the 16,000-seat arena — a figure impossible to independently verify. Nearly every seat appeared to be taken, and the arena floor was packed. Outside, thousands more watched the rally on large screens.

The throngs were greeted by Dante Harris, the leader of a flight attendants union local that had helped promote the rally.

“Did all of you make the trip out here on a Monday night because everything is going well for you and your family?” he asked.

Harris nodded and shouted back. “Workers’ lives matter! . . . Black lives matter! . . . The truth matters!” Struggling to be heard over the ensuing ovation, he said, “We can build a movement with Bernie!”

The audience was noticeably more diverse than those at recent Sanders rallies in Portland, Seattle and other majority-white cities. Los Angeles is majority-minority, with about 44 percent of its population Latino.

[Sanders needs to court black voters. Now he is.]

There were young hipsters and graying hippies. Some wore black T-shirts with red hammers and sickles; others wore black T-shirts that read “Black Lives Matter.” They sang along as the loudspeakers blasted songs by Willie Nelson, Tracy Chapman and Neil Young. One man carried a handmade sign that said “Bernie: Our Only Hope for Change.”

About a week before each Sanders rally, his campaign sets up a Web page announcing the location and blasts out an e-mail to supporters in that geographic area, asking them to RSVP. There are no paid advertisements.

The events are promoted on Facebook, with the campaign enlisting progressive groups and other “friends and allies” to help spread the word, said national field director Phil Fiermonte. From there, things tend to take on a life of their own.

Like Harris, climate-change activist Joe Galliani got a speaking slot in Los Angeles because his union had spread the word about the rally. He earned some of the loudest cheers as he denounced construction of the Keystone XL oil pipeline and touted the benefits of solar roofs.

Then there was Maria Barrera, the 31-year-old leader of the Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles, who tearfully noted that Congress has not enacted comprehensive immigration reforms since the 1980s. “For the last 25 years, families have been separated,” Barrera said.

[Activists drove Sanders from a stage, 15,000 people awaited him at the next]

The turnout and enthusiasm have been similar at Sanders events across the country.

For the Portland rally, a local group lobbying for a $15-per-hour minimum wage in the city — a cause Sanders supports nationally — drove a sizable contingent of people to the event. In addition, the Oregon Democratic Party sent an e-mail to people in its database letting them know about the event (with the disclaimer that the party is not taking sides in the presidential primary).

Local Democrats who attended the rally said it appeared to draw lots of newcomers to party politics.

“I hardly ever go to these events without running into friends, and I didn’t see many people I knew,” said Sue Hagmeier, the communications officer for the Democratic Party in Multnomah County, which includes Portland.

Hagmeier said she probably received 15 to 20 digital notifications in advance of the event, counting forwarded e-mails and Facebook posts. Sanders supporters also posted fliers on telephone poles and promoted the event by “chalking the sidewalks,” a tradition in a city known for big political rallies. (In 2008, an estimated 75,000 people came to see then-Sen. Barack Obama on the banks of the Willamette River as he closed in on the Democratic presidential nomination.)

Sanders is striving to harness the energy to help him in states such as Iowa and New Hampshire, where his crowds have been much smaller but still relatively robust. Volunteers hand out donation envelopes to rally attendees and carefully take down their contact information so they can be solicited for money later.

In Los Angeles, anyone who gave on the spot received a Sanders campaign T-shirt. Speakers asked the crowd to text “Bernie” to a five-digit number. In reply, they would receive text messages seeking money and volunteer time.

When Sanders came onstage, the cheers were deafening. His voice hoarse, the senator told the crowd, “This campaign is not a billionaire-funded campaign — it is a people-funded campaign.”

“There is no president who will fight harder to end institutional racism,” he said. “Or for a higher minimum wage. Or for paid parental leave. Or for at least two weeks of paid vacation. . . . Whenever we stand together, when we do not allow them to divide us up by the color of our skin or our sexual orientation, by whether a man or a woman is born in America or born somewhere else, whenever we stand together, there is nothing, nothing, nothing we cannot accomplish.”

Mike Jelf, 69, said he spent the day before the rally leafleting for the campaign in nearby Torrance. He brought his Saint Bernard, Munro, to the arena, wearing a shirt that said “Saints for Sanders.”

“I want to see a country that’s returned to the people, rather than a plutocratic oligarchy,” Jelf said. “I would like to have a planet that’s habitable for future generations.”

Jean-Luc St. Pierre, 19, said he flew from Maryland to attend the rally. He started a “Baltimore for Bernie” Facebook group targeting people in the home town of former Maryland governor Martin O’Malley, another Democratic presidential candidate.

Gloria Rios, from Eagle Rock, Calif., said she joined Sanders’s e-mail list a month ago. “I feel very strongly about him,” she said, adding that she has concerns about Clinton.

What are those concerns? She paused. For a really long time.

“There’s — too much conflict around her,” Rios said. “I’m the kind of person who feels that what you say and do has to match up.”

Sanders, she added, “resonates more closely to me.”

After the rally, the Sanders campaign tweeted a photo showing some of the thousands who had watched from outside the arena.

“Apologies to the large crowds who couldn’t fit indoors at tonight’s rally,” the tweet said. “We’re gonna have to get bigger venues!”",1
2812,"'You've been fleeced': Congress grills Kerry, Obama officials on Iran nuke deal","Secretary of State John Kerry found himself on the defensive Thursday at a Senate hearing where he was hard-pressed to find support for the Iran nuclear deal from either side of the aisle -- and sharply sparred with Republicans who accused him of being ""fleeced"" and ""bamboozled.""

The Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing was the first on the controversial deal to lift economic and other sanctions in exchange for concessions of the Islamic state's nuclear program. With Congress taking up the deal and expected to vote on it sometime in September, the hearing underscored the deep resistance the Obama administration faces from both parties.

""From my perspective, Mr. Secretary, I'm sorry ... I believe you've been fleeced,"" Committee Chairman Bob Corker, R-Tenn., told Kerry, claiming the agreement paves the path for Iran to eventually develop a nuclear bomb.

Critics repeatedly suggested the Obama administration's negotiating team gave in to pressure from the Iranians on key points. They question whether sanctions indeed can be reinstated once they're lifted; whether Iran might be able to stall international inspectors; and whether Iran might be closer to a weapon once the deal expires.

Sen. James Risch, R-Idaho, said: ""You guys have been bamboozled.""

Kerry, though, vigorously defended the agreement, calling it ""fantasy, plain and simple,"" to think the United States failed to hold out for a better deal at the bargaining table.

""Let me underscore, the alternative to the deal we've reached isn't what I've seen some ads on TV suggesting disingenuously,"" he told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. ""It isn't a quote better deal, some sort of unicorn arrangement involving Iran's complete capitulation.""

Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz also said the deal is not ""built on trust.""

Some lawmakers tried to play referee when the hearing got heated. Sen. Barbara Boxer, D-Calif., said the remarks from Corker and Risch were ""disrespectful and insulting.""

""If you were bamboozled, the world has been bamboozled -- that's ridiculous,"" Boxer told Kerry.

Kerry still had to contend with skeptical Democrats, notably Sen. Bob Menendez, D-N.J., who questioned whether the language in the deal is tough enough and like Corker said the deal aids Iran in building an ""industrial-scale"" nuclear program.

Kerry earlier warned that Iran will not come back to the negotiating table to pursue a new deal, voicing frustration that: ""We've got 535 secretaries of state.""

The hearing comes as lawmakers raise new concerns about alleged secret ""side deals"" struck with Tehran over its nuclear program.

Sen. Tom Cotton, R-Ark., and Rep. Mike Pompeo, R-Kan., first brought attention to them Tuesday, saying they learned from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) that there were two ""side deals"" between Iran and the IAEA.

According to the lawmakers, one agreement covers inspection of the Parchin military complex, and the other concerns potential military aspects of Iran's nuclear program. On the former, they said, Iran would be able to strike a separate arrangement with the IAEA concerning inspections at Parchin.

House Speaker John Boehner and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell joined Cotton and Pompeo in sending a letter to President Obama on Wednesday requesting that the agreements be made available to Congress so that they can be reviewed.

""We request you transmit these two side agreements to Congress immediately so we may perform our duty to assess the many important questions related to the JCPOA [Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action],"" the letter says.

National Security Adviser Susan Rice, while defending the overall nuclear agreement, appeared to acknowledge the existence of the side deals on Wednesday. She said the matter of the Iran nuclear program's ""possible military dimensions"" (PMD) has long been an issue between Iran and the IAEA. She said they ""negotiated and concluded an agreement to deal with this issue of PMD, which was one of the major sticking points in our dealings.""

She added: ""These documents are not public, but nonetheless, we have been briefed on those documents, we know their contents, we're satisfied with them and we will share the contents of those briefings in full in a classified session with the Congress. So there's nothing in that regard that we know that they won't know.""

Pompeo also asked Kerry about the secret deals in a briefing Wednesday and said afterwards that Kerry ""confirmed that there were in fact side deals and himself had not seen the agreement.""

""I was incredibly surprised to learn there were components of the deal that Congress was not going to be privy to,"" Pompeo said, adding that he had expected that American negotiators would have demanded to see the side deals being cut.

Kerry said after Thursday's hearing, though, ""there are no side deals.""

The letter to Obama expressed concern that Congress was being kept in the dark.

""Most troubling, Iran and the IAEA reached agreement to resolve issues related to research at Parchin, but Congress will not have the ability to review this agreement, nor will we know the results of the IAEA's assessment until December 15,"" the letter says.

It goes on to request access to the side deals so that Congress can effectively review the deal as a whole:

""Failure to produce these two side agreements leaves Congress blind on critical information regarding Iran's potential path to being a nuclear power and will have detrimental consequences for the ability of members to assess the JCPOA,"" the letter says.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
4666,"What 20,000 pages of hacked WikiLeaks emails teach us about Hillary Clinton","Hillary Clinton told a joke. Speaking to a roomful of Goldman Sachs bankers in June 2013, Clinton said that Goldman CEO Lloyd Blankfein could leave the Wall Street firm that’s made him a billionaire to start a soup kitchen:

This exchange was written down by Clinton’s aides as they gathered information on what parts of her paid Wall Street speeches could prove damaging should they leak to the press. Her team filed it under the heading, ""AWKWARD.""

This ""AWKWARD"" quote and hundreds of other previously hidden nuggets about Clinton have spilled out into public view recently. Over the last two weeks, Julian Assange’s whistleblower platform WikiLeaks has published about 20,000 pages of emails illegally stolen from John Podesta, Clinton’s campaign chair.

The strangest thing about the ensuing uproar is that none of the Podesta emails has so far actually broken any fresh scandals about the woman on track to be the next president. Instead, they’ve mostly revealed an underbelly of ugliness to the multiple Clinton controversies that we’ve already known about: the questionable relationship between the Clinton Foundation and its donors, Clinton’s ease with powerful interests on Wall Street, her ties to wealthy campaign contributors.

The Goldman soup kitchen joke is a perfect example. If there’s one thing to really get mad about here, it’s something we’ve known for years — that Clinton took millions from big Wall Street banks right before running for president. Seeing her and Wall Street titans share a laugh about helping the hungry might turn your stomach, but the most important question — was it wrong for Clinton to take big checks from Goldman right before running? — is in no way new. (Clinton’s campaign refused to comment on individual emails, instead blaming the Russians for hacking the emails and providing them to WikiLeaks.)

This is, from what we’ve seen so far, the real story of WikiLeaks’ Podesta emails. Yes, they have not found any major ""bombshells."" No, they’re not going to sink Clinton’s campaign. But by filling in the storylines that have long dogged her campaign with new and vivid detail, we are getting our clearest picture yet of how the sausage — or, if you prefer, the creamy risotto — gets made in Clinton-world.

It can be an ugly sight.

I’ve now read hundreds of the Podesta emails, as well as upward of 60 stories from across left-wing, mainstream, and conservative media outlets about what they entail.

I should stress that what I’ve found is far from all bad. Dozens of these emails show Clinton’s team genuinely striving to discover the correct position on an issue. Many of them show real, determined efforts to find the right solution to some public policy crisis. In general, especially compared to the vicious infighting that characterized her 2008 presidential run, you come away from the Podesta emails thinking that Clinton has assembled an admiringly loyal group of aides that believes in the candidate and the mission of the campaign. There’s some backbiting, but you could imagine far, far worse.

Then there’s the other stuff — the emails Podesta presumably wish never leaked. To help make sense of what we’ve learned, I’ve broken out the interesting new bits into what I think can be more-or-less characterized as four distinct categories:

Vox reached out to the Clinton campaign for comment, and spokesperson Glen Caplin replied that they are ""still not authenticating any individual emails."" The campaign also referred foundation-related questions to the foundation itself, and referenced several times that the leaks were tied to a ""Russian attempt to influence our election."" As it has to other reporters, the Clinton campaign did not dispute the accuracy of any of the individual emails.

We should be clear that these Podesta email leaks have nothing to do with the multiple other ""Clinton email"" scandals percolating over the past few years. So they aren’t, as some news outlets have incorrectly reported, related to the FBI investigation into Clinton’s private server or allegations that she went around transparency laws.

Instead, since these emails emerge from the private account of Clinton’s campaign chair, they tend to tell us far more about candidate Clinton than they do about Secretary of State Clinton.

There is, however, one exception to that general rule: the Clinton Foundation.

Since the campaign began, the Clinton Foundation has been at the center of an intense debate. The most extreme critics, like Donald Trump, have alleged that Clinton used the state department to transactionally reward the charity’s donors (there’s no evidence for that). Meanwhile, the campaign and foundation have fallen back on one consistent defense — that there’s been no proof of a quid pro quo between donor and foundation.

The Clinton Foundation really did do inarguably life-saving work. But good government experts have argued that the Clintons accepted private donations in a way that they should have known would have created dangerous conflicts of interest. This more nuanced attack faults the Clinton Foundation for dangerously blurring the distinction between private and public.

The Podesta leaks back up that story.

One way it does so is by uncovering a private audit conducted by a widely-respected New York City law firm. The review concluded that the Clinton Foundation’s board had failed to oversee potential conflicts of interest, and that some donors expected ""quid pro quo benefits."" ""Interviewees reported conflicts of those raising funds or donors, some of whom may have an expectation of quid pro quo benefits in return for gift,"" the audit found.

It’s not clear they received them. but either way the audit is a striking confirmation that even the attorneys hired by Clinton recognized the danger in the relationship between donor and foundation.

Then there’s another disclosure emerging from the Podesta emails: that Qatari officials sought to present Bill Clinton with a $1 million gift on his birthday on during his wife’s tenure as secretary of state. As the New York Times noted, this revelation suggests that foreign governments were able to gain an audience with Bill Clinton in exchange for a check. (The Times couldn’t confirm if the $1 million check was ever cashed.)

The last revelation in the leaks about the foundation may also be the most unusual: Chelsea Clinton apparently was running around raising the alarm bell over possible conflicts of interest, suggesting the Clintons themselves were aware of the potential problems. (Politico’s Kenneth Vogel has a detailed blow-by-blow of Chelsea’s concerns over the overlapping roles of a consulting firm named Teneo.)

Nothing here represents a major revelation. If you weren’t bothered by the Clinton Foundation before, this probably isn’t going to trouble you. But if you were, having an audit and Chelsea Clinton share your fears will fuel the sense that something suspicious was afoot here.

Over the course of the election, Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders leveled a similar critique of Clinton: that she’s too wedded to the ""political establishment.""

For Sanders, that usually meant that Clinton didn’t have the independence to challenge powerful actors on Wall Street and in Washington, DC. Trump has used similar rhetoric, going after ""Crooked"" Clinton for her big dollar campaign contributors.

Whatever you think of the merits of those attacks, it’s clear that the majority of the American people think it’s correct, at least in broad strokes. Seven in 10 voters consider Clinton part of the establishment. Just 30 percent trust her to take on special interests.

It’s an impression that the Podesta emails only deepen — even if they don’t provide ground-breaking new controversies around it.

Again, none of this is revelatory. Nobody who has closely followed Clinton will be shocked to find her campaign was attuned to the wishes of donors. Her affinity for Israel is well known. Critics of her approach to campaign finance are mad about the decision to take money from big donors — not the internal discussion over whether or not to do so.

But watching how all of this unfolded — seeing for yourself how Clinton spoke gently to Wall Street — won’t make the disclosures any easier for her detractors to swallow. It’s a confirmation of what we already know, but that doesn’t make it any less astonishing, at least for Clinton’s critics.

Clinton’s close ties to Wall Street and big donors are certainly part of the story revealed by the Podesta leaks. But only one part.

Indeed, dozens of interesting tidbits have also emerged that allow us to see inside the Clinton campaign’s infrastructure. They have showed that, at some times, the Clinton campaign openly discussed the ""political"" implications of her deciding to get behind one policy or another. They also show the Clinton campaign at other times responding to more high-minded policy concerns.

In one leak, for instance, Clinton’s team discussed at length whether they should endorse the reinstatement of the Glass-Steagall Act, which would restrict commercial banks’ ability to engage in some investment activity.

Clinton aide Mandy Grunwald worries that reversing course and backing the law would lead to ""phoniness charges,"" while not doing so could lead Sen. Elizabeth Warren to endorse Bernie Sanders. (""Jake"" in the following exchange is Jake Sullivan, a top Clinton adviser):

Then there’s a lengthy exchange in Clinton-world about a carbon tax proposal. As Vox’s Brad Plumer explains, the emails show how fears of embracing an unpopular idea dominated the internal discussion. Robby Mook, a top Clinton aide, said that embracing the carbon tax would prove ""lethal"" in the general election:

But other revelations have pointed to how the Clinton campaign got behind positions it found genuinely worthwhile. In one exchange highlighted by the Washington Post, the Clinton team talked about forming the ""signature pillars of a future progressive agenda"" like a ""significant middle-class tax cut.""

The exchange about the carbon tax did involve frank political talk. But as Plumer also noted, Podesta elsewhere makes genuine efforts to convince his colleagues about the menace posed by climate change and the need for genuinely huge solutions to address it:

There are other examples. A debate over the ""Cadillac Tax,"" which taxes the most expensive health insurance plans, showed twin impulses fighting against each other. As Vox has written, the tax is widely seen as an essential way to raise revenue for Obamacare. But it’s also hated by unions, whose votes and endorsements Clinton wanted to cultivate during the primary.

The emails reveal Clinton’s policy advisers arguing for a ""fix it"" strategy, while the ""political team"" pushed harder for her to call for a full repeal. (They ultimately came down fully on the political side):

None of Clinton’s critics will be surprised to find her team debating political ramifications of certain policies — it’s certainly widely understood that this is how almost all politicians make their decisions.

But a fair appraisal of the emails doesn't reduce Team Clinton to opportunism. Even behind closed doors, they appear motivated by a genuine embrace of progressive beliefs and causes. At least much of the time, that is. But not always.

Let's be honest: Everyone who has worked in a big enough office has said or written something about a co-worker he or she wouldn't say to that co-worker’s face.

Clinton-world is no exception. But most offices don’t have to deal with essentially all of their internal communications being dumped unceremoniously on the web. Team Clinton’s internal gossip and snipings have been neatly organized into a searchable database that the whole world can use.

These are, understandably, the best catnip for reporters. Like the other revelations, they also don’t tend to reveal anything genuinely earth-shattering. But by laying bare the bitter grievances we (generally) already knew about, these emails are fueling added frustration and old grudges. For instance, the emails include:

This kind of stuff, of course, has the least to do with public policy or the positions of the campaign.

But this category of emails is perhaps most interesting to people who work for Clinton. In a terrific article in Politico, Annie Karni and Glenn Thrush detailed the psychological impacts it’s having on the Clinton campaign:

As Karni and Thrush note, this should be a heady time for Clinton-world. She’s cruising to victory in the polls. Donald Trump has sunk in the polls, and Clinton has trounced him in three consecutive presidential debates.

In general, the critics most upset about the Podesta emails are the ones who have confirmed what Clinton’s inner-circle thought about them. Ironically, that dynamic now appears to apply to Clinton’s own team as well.

Two clear conclusions jump out when trying to determine what these emails tell us about a future Clinton presidency.

One is that Clinton appears genuinely responsive to pressure from outside groups. Her team has clear goals, but they’re also closely attuned to polls and to winning over the organizations (union backers, environmentalist groups, Black Lives Matter activists) whose support they think they need. In private conversations, Clinton tells the audiences in front of her more or less what they want to hear.

But while this appreciation for her listeners may reflect political savvy, it also suggests a flexibility that may worry those on her left. What happens if President Clinton gets polling suggesting a majority of voters support slashing entitlements? What if the country clamors for a war in Iran? What if she can win over Republican voters by tacking to the center?

And second, more than anything, the Podesta emails show how Clinton is the transactional politician many have long suspected. That’s a dispiriting conclusion for some who may wish she was a pure progressive. But it also helps clarify the battle lines for what looks like the coming Clinton administration — persuade her team they need you, and you might have a shot at getting them on your side.",1
4808,What do Americans really think of election coverage?,"More Americans think that the media are too easy on candidates than in 2012 or 2008, according to a Pew Research Center poll. But they're also more likely to say that 'their' candidates are treated too harshly.

Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump (l.), is interviewed by co-hosts Matt Lauer and Savannah Guthrie on the NBC 'Today' television program, in New York, on April 21, 2016.

Both presidential campaigns have been outspoken in saying that they think the media are too hard on them. But do Americans agree?

More Americans think the media are letting presidential candidates off easy than in previous years, according to a poll released by the Pew Research Center on Thursday. In the case of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, 27 percent of Americans think the media is too easy on him, compared to 20 percent who reported feeling that way about coverage of the 2012 Republican nominee, Mitt Romney, and 15 percent for John McCain in 2008. Some 33 percent of Americans think coverage of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton is too easy, compared to 28 percent and 31 percent for President Obama in 2012 and 2008, respectively, according to the survey.

Positive attitudes toward the media have reportedly been declining since the 1970s. Less than one-third of people now say that they have a “great deal” or “fair amount” of trust in the media. Scholars say this is part of a larger trend in poor attitudes toward institutions generally, compounded by a rise in the number of media outlets and the polarization of these outlets.

When people ""go into their newsfeed or turn on the TV and they're getting information from a wide array of sources, and some of them are less than reputable ... it contributes to the sense"" that all media is untrustworthy, David Jones, a professor of political science at James Madison University, told The Christian Science Monitor’s Gretel Kauffman earlier this month.

A question about Americans’ attitude toward “the media” could refer to information expressing all kinds of opinions, in forums as large as a TV network or national newspaper or as small as a Twitter feed.

This polarity and range of sources could help explain why rising numbers of Americans also think that “the media” is being unnecessarily harsh – on their chosen candidates, that is. Pew reported that three-in-ten Democrats and independents who lean Democratic are likely to see coverage of Mrs. Clinton as too tough. Nearly half of Republican surveyed – 46 percent – believe that coverage of Mr. Trump has been too tough.

Finding the middle ground certainly isn’t easy. And nowhere is this clearer than in the high-stakes world of interviews and presidential debates. The Associated Press highlighted the demands placed on moderators with these guidelines offered during the 2012 election cycle:

Craft sharp questions to get the candidates to talk, while being meticulously fair not to challenge one more than another. Keep an eye on the clock so one candidate doesn't get to hog the time. Don't be bullied; be firm in forcing the candidates to move on. But be flexible enough to keep a productive discussion flowing. Know the difference. Keep the focus off yourself. And do it all on live television before some 60 million people.

Matt Lauer’s performance at NBC’s Commander-in-Chief forum earlier this month was widely panned, with critics saying that he focused too heavily on Clinton’s email server and failed to fact-check some of Trump’s statements. Candy Crowley, whose moderation of a 2012 debate Rush Limbaugh described as “an act of journalistic terror,” later told the Associated Press that she knew from the beginning that “somebody is always going to be unhappy no matter what you do.”

For some, the media’s election coverage – and Americans’ trust in the media on the basis of this coverage – is critical to American democracy.

""Citizens need information, they need to get it from the media. The First Amendment was set up to create a media that served as a surrogate role for the public, and if the public is not engaged and they move on and they're not consuming news ... it's really a disservice and it hurts our democracy a lot,"" Jeff McCall, a professor of communication at DePauw University, told Fox News's Bill O'Reilly following a 2014 Gallup poll.",1
4411,Lynch schools the wingnuts: How the right tried — and failed — to wound Obama’s AG nominee,"By all accounts Loretta Lynch, president Obama’s choice to replace Eric Holder as attorney general, was very impressive in the first day of hearings. In fact, she was so impressive that even the right-wing bloggers at Powerline called her the Ernie Banks of nominees, which, judging from their eulogy for the real Ernie Banks, is very good indeed. But then they also said the committee was throwing softballs, so the metaphors got a little confusing.  It was a very good day for Loretta Lynch, much to their chagrin. She was appropriately confident, dignified and boring and thus made for a dull affair that was unlikely to derail her nomination.

The second day of hearings, in which both Republicans and Democrats on the committee invited both people to testify, was a little bit more lively. We knew it would be when the committee announced their guests. The Democrats offered a group of former colleagues and law professors. The Republicans offered a couple of conservative law professors to denounce President Obama’s usurpation of democracy — and some far-right-wing activists to complain about being victimized.

The first person to testify was someone who had never met or had any knowledge of Loretta Lynch. This was former reporter and current right-wing icon Sharyl Attkisson who told a harrowing story of harassment, including her questionable allegation that the government bugged her computer, obviously shocking the likes of Chuck Grassley and Orrin Hatch to the depth of their souls. It’s one thing for the government to relentlessly pursue reporters like James Risen who report serious and important stories. They wholeheartedly support the Justice Department in such cases. Attkisson, however, resigned from CBS News because she felt the entire network was biased in favor of the Obama administration and refused to allow her to pursue the scandals she just knew were there. (These were scandals like Benghazi and Fast and Furious — scandals that have been investigated approximately 756 times under every committee in the Congress and have turned up zilch.) Somehow they’ve managed to morph this professional dispute into a story of Attkisson being victimized by the authoritarian police state.

It would have been interesting to hear testimony about the government’s pursuit of leaks and reporters over the past few years, which really is a scandal and which should form the basis of questioning for the new attorney general. But since both parties are generally in favor of this practice, that wasn’t to be. Instead the Republicans called one of their celebrity martyrs to testify about how hard it is for a conservative to live in this world.

The next activist they called to testify about Loretta Lynch was a man who admittedly has absolutely no knowledge of her but had something to say about how Eric Holder was very mean to police officers around the country. He is an African-American sheriff from Wisconsin named David Clarke who up to this point is best known for his appearances on “Fox and Friends” in which he says things like, “the NAACP is nothing more than a propaganda entity for the left” and that the behavior of black people is the reason they are getting shot so often. He suggested that the federal government is waging a war on police and should butt out of local business.

The final activist of the day was a citizen who has been working her heart out trying to protect our electoral system from the scourge of nonexistent voter fraud. That would be a woman named Catherine Englebrecht, who runs a far-right-wing group called True the Vote, which sends out groups of “observers” to African-American and Hispanic polling places to make sure they’re not stealing the votes of decent Americans. Upon Eric Holder’s resignation, her group put out a press release stating that Holder had carried out a “radical, racialist assault on voting rights.” She was there to complain about the Department of Justice failing to immediately interview her over the alleged IRS scandal and to excoriate them over the “nightmare of citizen targeting.” She then testified that Loretta Lynch was wrong in saying that laws had been passed throughout the South to prevent some people from voting. Sen. Jeff Sessions pointed out that an Alabama Tea Party leader had been victimized by the IRS and nobody at the IRS cares. Sen. Orrin Hatch expressed his deepest sympathy for what she’s been through and assured her that they were going to get to bottom of it. Her voice cracked with emotion as she said, “Thank you, sir.” This was the first committee hearing of the new Senate Judiciary Committee under GOP rule, a hearing to determine the fitness of a presidential nominee to the most powerful law enforcement office in the land, and they called a group of partisan crackpots and grass-roots loons to relitigate moldy pseudo-scandals and complain about nonexistent government persecution. And it’s not as if they couldn’t have found some real scandals to talk about. The Obama Justice Department is hardly perfect. But they are married to their Foxified version of reality and simply can’t see the forest for the trees. The whole spectacle was a nostalgic trip back in time to the days of Clinton madness when the judiciary committees were able to leverage any public hearing into a scandal fest. The press seems less inclined to go along these days, a fact that Sharyl Attkisson would surely attribute to its political bias. But the truth is that these “scandals” are just sad echoes of the scandal-mongering of the 1990s. The energy is gone, the issues seem pale and lifeless. Not that there was ever any “there” there, but they are now just going through the motions. But I hope Democrats don’t get too complacent. President Obama has never been able to get their scandal mojo rising. But there’s every reason to suspect that this is just an off-season workout for what they see as a return to the big leagues. If Hillary Clinton wins the presidency you can be sure there will be a return to the fiery investigations whenever the Republicans hold either house of Congress. And if history serves, the press will likely be eager to join the team. But this sad little show reveals just how much they are in need of some spring training. Loretta Lynch may be a genial public servant in the mold of Ernie Banks, but when it comes to scandal management, Clinton is Babe Ruth. They are going to need to up their game significantly.",1
1754,"Yes, Ted Cruz could win","Conventional wisdom holds that Sen. Ted Cruz doesn’t have a snowball’s chance in hell of winning the GOP nomination, but I wouldn’t bet the ranch against him yet.

His announcement at Liberty University was impressive, and he was passionate and precise in a 40-minute speech without notes or TelePrompter.

A brilliant man of clear, conservative convictions, he is not muddled by the politics of calculation, which gives him an advantage in a big, wide-open field.

To continue reading Michael Goodwin's column in the New York Post, click here.

Michael Goodwin is a Fox News contributor and New York Post columnist.",1
854,Trump advisors try to pivot not fishtail,"**Want FOX News First in your inbox every day? Sign up here.**

 

 Buzz Cuts:

 • Trump advisors try to pivot not fishtail

 • Indiana shaping up as do or die for Cruz

 • What happened to working man’s liberalism?

 • Pro-Clinton PAC spends $1 million to fight online trolling

 • 10-point score

TRUMP ADVISORS TRY TO PIVOT NOT FISHTAIL

 HOLLYWOOD, FLA. – It’s a fine line between a general election shift and the dreaded ‘Etch A Sketch.’

Donald Trump’s supporters give him broad latitude on issues and even his promise of an attitudinal change. For example, his suggestion that the Republicans should become a pro-choice party likely wrinkled few brows among his core supporters.

The idea that Trump would change his attitude and approach along with his opinions wouldn’t trouble many who have faith in him as a man and a leader. For those who believe the Trump is the only person who can make America great again, putting on a new guise for the general election would be nothing troubling.

Remember, these are people who believe him when he describes himself as the new Reagan and the person more presidential than anybody since Lincoln.

But can Trump create a habitat that is healthy for both his backers and the kinds of folks that his newly expanded campaign are schmoozing here in Hollywood without further antagonizing the substantial chunk of his party that ranges from resentful to outright outraged about Trump’s surprising success in overtaking the GOP?

Trump had a very good day here Thursday. Aside from turning back a Rules Committee vote that might’ve helped Sen. Ted Cruz win a floor fight at the convention, delegates and other members of the establishment were very impressed by Trump’s campaign’s effort to start sucking up to them.

Promises of Trump’s flexibility when served alongside seafood platters and open bars from his new K Street handlers went a long way toward convincing the GOP elite that Trump is ready to play ball.

Little could be more comforting to them than the pledge from Trump’s campaign boss that the wildness of the frontrunner to this point has been a put on.

Consultants and party elders are not uncomfortable with the idea of tricking rubes or profit and or patriotism. And for those facing general election oblivion, anything that sounds like avoiding a savage showdown in Cleveland and not losing the general election by 40 states sounds good.

But even if Trump and his new handlers can keep the GOP elite and his existing populist base happy, the current maneuvers do pose a risk.

The most important thing for the Republican frontrunner right now is for his detractors and enemies on the conservative side of the party to just give up.

There are enough Republicans who loathe Trump to still stop him. But they have to go vote and they have to be willing to blow up their conventions to do it.

When Trump’s new Sherpa suggests that it has all been a fake so far, that gives new cause for alarm to the conservatives who already deeply mistrust Trump and see him as more of a Democrat than Republican.

All Trump needs in order to win is for the resistance to just lay down for a couple of weeks. When they wake up it will all be over.

But if Trump starts fishtailing in his turn towards conventionality it will reinvigorate the #NeverTrump movement.  

 

 It’s great to suck up to the party, even belatedly, but doing in such a transparent manner could be hazardous to Trump’s nomination. 

 

 [GOP delegate count: Trump 845; Cruz 559; Kasich 147 (1,237 needed to win)]

Fox News Sunday: Trump’s new man - Mr. Sunday sits down with the Trump campaign’s new boss, Paul Manafort, to discuss the latest campaign news on the heels of the RNC’s spring meeting. “Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace” airs at 2 p.m. and 6 p.m. ET on the Fox News Channel. Check local listings for broadcast times in your area.

 

 Indiana shaping up as do or die for Cruz - RCP: “Due to a dearth of public polling in Indiana, however, it’s not clear how large Cruz’s advantage might be, if he indeed has one. One recent private poll not affiliated with any of the presidential campaigns showed Cruz leading in two congressional districts, Kasich in one, and Trump dominating in two more. Three other congressional districts, meanwhile, showed Cruz and Kasich essentially tied…Although there are just 57 delegates at stake in Indiana, the contest is one of the few remaining wild cards on the primary map. If Cruz or Kasich do not win, the Republican race could quickly spiral out of their control. If Trump does not win Indiana, however, his delegate math becomes exceedingly difficult to win the nomination before Cleveland.”

 

 Unpacking Trump’s health proposal - Health care policy expert, James Capretta, points out the flaws in Trump’s health care plan proposal: “Trump has said he wants to get rid of the entirety of the [Affordable Care Act], including subsidies for health insurance and its expansion of Medicaid. What does he propose instead to boost enrollment in health insurance by lower-income households? Essentially nothing.”

 

 [Watch Fox: On Sunday, Martha MacCallum and Bill Hemmer host a town hall in Philadelphia with voters ahead of the crucial Pennsylvania primary. Tune in at 8 p.m. ET]

 

 WITH YOUR SECOND CUP OF COFFEE…

 The passing of legendary pop star Prince on Thursday rocked the music industry in a way not seen since the passing of Michael Jackson. But the music revolutionary also had another passion in his life, one that Charlie Murphy was surprised by: Prince’s love of basketball. Time: “Back in October, Prince unexpectedly showed up to Target Center in Minneapolis to watch the fifth and deciding game the WNBA Finals, between the Lynx and the Indiana Fever. The Lynx won, 69-52, to clinch the series. The pop icon…approached a Lynx staffer with an incredible offer. The players, plus a guest, were invited to his Paisley Park compound for a private concert…He played ‘Purple Rain,’ ‘When Doves Cry,’ ‘1999,’ and some new stuff. He played different instruments throughout the evening — guitar, keyboards, drums. He played until 4 am; a few Lynx players and coaches danced on stage.”

 

 Got a TIP from the RIGHT or the LEFT? Email FoxNewsFirst@FOXNEWS.COM

 

 POLL CHECK

 Real Clear Politics Averages

 National GOP nomination: Trump 40.4 percent; Cruz 30.6 percent; Kasich 21.8 percent

 National Dem nomination: Clinton 47.7 percent; Sanders 46.3 percent

 General Election: Clinton vs. Trump: Clinton +9.3 points

 Generic Congressional Vote: Democrats +1

WHAT HAPPENED TO WORKING MAN’S LIBERALISM?

 Vox’s Emmet Rensin takes a deep dive into a concept he dubs “smug style” liberalism in America and how the political concept changed from an ideology of the working class to that of the elite. How did this happen and what has the smug style done to American liberalism? This lengthy piece goes into the origins and results of the shift in American political thought:

 

 “The smug style is a psychological reaction to a profound shift in American political demography. Beginning in the middle of the 20th century, the working class, once the core of the coalition, began abandoning the Democratic Party…In 1964, it was 55 percent of working-class voters. By 1980, it was 35 percent…The smug recognize one another by their mutual knowing…It is the smug style’s first premise: a politics defined by a command of the Correct Facts and signaled by an allegiance to the Correct Culture…So long as liberals cannot find common cause with the larger section of the American working class, they will search for reasons to justify that failure. They will resent them. They will find, over and over, how easy it is to justify abandoning them further.  They will choose the smug style.”

 

 Pro-Clinton PAC spends $1 million to fight online trolling - Daily Beast: “Citing ‘lessons learned from online engagement with ‘Bernie Bros,’ a pro-Hillary Clinton Super PAC is pledging to spend $1 million to ‘push back against’ users on Twitter, Facebook, Reddit and Instagram. Correct the Record’s ‘Barrier Breakers’ project boasts in a press release that it has already ‘addressed more than 5,000 people that have personally attacked Hillary Clinton on Twitter.’ The PAC released this on Thursday.”

Democrats shift from protecting to adjusting Obamacare - National Journal: “In in­ter­views, Sen­ate Demo­crats poin­ted to items like sort­ing out the ‘Ca­dillac tax,’ build­ing on de­liv­ery-sys­tem re­forms, mak­ing sure states are af­forded flex­ib­il­ity in the law, and more. The Demo­crat­ic pres­id­en­tial front-run­ner, Hil­lary Clin­ton, has based her own health plat­form on pro­tect­ing and build­ing on the Af­ford­able Care Act. Her pro­pos­als in­clude adding a new tax cred­it to help with ex­cess­ive out-of-pock­et med­ic­al costs, cap­ping monthly pre­scrip­tion-drug costs, and al­low­ing three free sick vis­its per year, to name a few.”

#mediabuzz - Martha MacCallum and Bill Hemmer talk with host Howard Kurtz ahead of their Sunday town hall with voters in Philadelphia. Watch Sunday at 11 a.m. ET, with a second airing at 5 p.m.

 

 [Dem delegate count: Clinton 1893; Sanders 1180 (2,383 needed to win)]

 

 10-POINT SCORE

 BBC: “Tom Lo, 17, has told Newsbeat that he was about 10 minutes into the test when [a deer] ran across a road right in front of his car. ‘I was picking up speed because it was a 60mph zone and all of a sudden I see a deer in front of me…So I hit my brake but unfortunately the deer was killed,’ he says. It happened on a road near Colchester [England]. ‘I pulled over after the incident and my driving instructor had a look at the car and checked the deer…‘He said there was nothing we could do and that it wasn’t my fault, so I was told to continue my test.’ Amazingly, Tom passed the driving test with two minor faults.”

 

 AND NOW A WORD FROM CHARLES…

 “I mean do we really have an epidemic of transgenders being evil in bathrooms across the country? I haven’t heard of a single case…This is a very small problem at the edges of the other problem having to do with gender identity that’s become national precisely because Republicans of North Carolina decided it was a problem.” – Charles Krauthammer on “Special Report with Bret Baier”

Chris Stirewalt is digital politics editor for Fox News. Sally Persons contributed to this report. Want FOX News First in your inbox every day? Sign up here.

Chris Stirewalt joined Fox News Channel (FNC) in July of 2010 and serves as digital politics editor based in Washington, D.C.  Additionally, he authors the daily ""Fox News First"" political news note and hosts ""Power Play,"" a feature video series, on FoxNews.com. Stirewalt makes frequent appearances on the network, including ""The Kelly File,"" ""Special Report with Bret Baier,"" and ""Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace.""  He also provides expert political analysis for Fox News coverage of state, congressional and presidential elections.",1
3137,"Christians drop, 'nones' soar in new religion portrait","WASHINGTON — The United States is a significantly less Christian country than it was seven years ago.

That's the top finding — one that will ricochet through American faith, culture and politics — in the Pew Research Center's newest report, ""America's Changing Religious Landscape,"" released Tuesday.

This trend ""is big, it's broad and it's everywhere,"" said Alan Cooperman, Pew's director of religion research.

Christianity still dominates American religious identity (70%), but the survey shows dramatic shifts as more people move out the doors of denominations, shedding spiritual connections along the way.

Atheists and agnostics have nearly doubled their share of the religious marketplace, and overall indifference to religion of any sort is rising as well. Only the historically black Protestant churches have held a steady grip through the years of change.

Remember the familiar map of American religion? The South: A bastion of white evangelicals. The Northeast: Cradle of Catholics. The Midwest: Nest of Mainline Protestants. The West: Incubator of ""nones"" — people who claim no religious brand label.

Well, scratch all that in the new topography.

The shrinking numbers of Christians and their loss of market share is the most significant change since 2007 (when Pew did its first U.S. Religious Landscape survey) and the new, equally massive survey of 35,000 U.S. adults.

The percentage of people who describe themselves as Christians fell about 8 points — from 78.4% to 70.6%. This includes people in virtually all demographic groups, whether they are ""nearing retirement or just entering adulthood, married or single, living in the West or the Bible Belt,"" according to the survey report.

Massachusetts is down on Catholics by 10 percentage points. South Carolina is down the same degree on evangelicals. Mainline Protestants, already sliding for 40 years or more, declined all over the Midwest by 3 to 4 percentage points.The Southern Baptist Convention and the United Methodist Church, the country's two largest Protestant denominations, are each down roughly the same 1.4 to 1.5 percentage points.Every tradition took a hit in in the West as the number of people who claim no religious brand continues to climb.

Christian faiths are troubled by generational change — each successive group is less connected than their parents — and by ""switching"" at all ages, the report shows. While nearly 86% of Americans say they grew up as Christians, nearly one in five (19%) say they aren't so anymore.

""Overall, there are more than four former Christians for every convert to Christianity,"" said Cooperman.

Although evangelicals are part of the decline, their slide has been less steep. They benefit from more people joining evangelical traditions, but they're hurt by generational change and by America's increased diversity.

According to the survey, white ""born-again or evangelical"" Protestants — closely watched for their political clout within the GOP — now account for 19% of American adults, down slightly from 21% in 2007.

Politicians should take note, said Mike Hout, a sociologist and demographer at New York University who is also a co-director of the General Social Survey.

""Traditionally, we thought religion was the mover and politics were the consequence,"" he said. Today, it's the opposite.

Many of today's formerly faithful left conservative evangelical or Catholic denominations because ""they saw them align with a conservative political agenda and they don't want to be identified with that,"" Hout said.

Catholics dropped both in market share and in real numbers. Despite their high retention rate for people reared in the faith, they have a low conversion rate. Today, Cooperman said, 13% of U.S. adults are former Catholics, up from 10% in 2007.

Generational shifts are also hurting Catholic numbers. Greg Smith, Pew's associate director of research, said ""just 16% of the 18-to-24-year-olds today are Catholic, and that is not enough to offset the numbers lost to the aging and switching.""

Where are they going? To religious nowhere.

The ""nones"" — Americans who are unaffiliated with brand-name religion — are the new major force in American faith. And they are more secular in outlook — and ""more comfortable admitting it"" than ever before, said John Green, director of the Bliss Institute of Applied Politics at the University of Akron.

Their growth spans the generations, as well as racial and ethnic groups, said Green, a senior fellow in religion and American politics for the Pew Research Center.

""Nones,"" at 22.8% of the U.S. (up from 16% just eight years ago) run second only to evangelicals (25.4%) and ahead of Catholics (20.8%) in religious market share.

The ""nones"" numbers are now big enough to show noteworthy diversity:

Atheists rose from 1.6% to 3.1%, and agnostics from 2.4% to 4%. Combined, there are more ""nones"" than Evangelical Lutherans, United Methodists and Episcopalians all together.

""It's because we're right,"" crowed David Silverman, president of American Atheists. He hadn't yet seen the Pew findings, but commented based on other surveys he said showed nones rising numbers. Indeed, it's the public attention given to ""nones"" in the last decade, combined with the wide-open access to anti-religious discussion on the Internet, that drives the change, Silverman said.

""More people know the facts, and more people realize they are not alone,"" Silverman said. And with these shifts, the stigma of coming out as an atheist is lessening.

""It's now impossible for an atheist to think he is alone in this world. They are automatically empowered,"" said Silverman.

The bulk of the ""nones"" (15.8%, up from 12.1% in 2007) don't even commit to any view on God. Instead, they say they believe ""nothing in particular.""

But among the ""nothings,"" there's a distinct split between ""spiritual"" and totally indifferent ""nones.""

Thirty percent of all ""nones"" still showed ""a sort of religious pulse"" by saying that religion is still at least somewhat important to them, said Cooperman.

However, the bulk of this group (39%) are not agnostic, atheist or vaguely spiritual — they're just not interested. Religion is not even somewhat important to them.

That same level of disinterest cuts into their social and political clout, said Hout.

The nothing-in-particular folks ""don't vote, don't marry and don't have kids,"" at the same rate as other Americans, said Hout. ""They are allergic to large, organized institutions — mass media, religions, big corporations, and political parties.""

""None"" is the winning category for religious switchers across society, particularly among gay and lesbians — 41% of gay or lesbian Americans say they have no religion. Cooperman said. ""This suggests the degree of alienation and discomfort and sense of being unwelcome that they may have felt in traditional religious groups.""

Intermarriage is rising with each generation. Among Americans who have gotten married since 2010, nearly four-in-ten (39%) report that they are in religiously mixed marriages, compared with 19% among those who got married before 1960, according to the report.

There's an identity gender gap. Most Christians are women (55%) and most ""nones"" are men (57%). However, women's unbelief numbers are growing: nearly one in five (19%) now say they have no religious identity.Diversity makes a difference. Racial and ethnic minorities now make up 41% of Catholics (up from 35% in 2007), 24% of evangelicals (up from 19%) and 14% of mainline Protestants (up from 9%). ""The share of Americans who identify with non-Christian faiths also has inched up, rising 1.2 percentage points, from 4.7% in 2007 to 5.9% in 2014. Growth has been especially great among Muslims and Hindus,"" the report said.

The latest survey was conducted among a nationally representative sample of 35,071 adults interviewed by telephone, on both cellphones and landlines, from June 4-Sept. 30, 2014. The margin of error on overall findings is plus or minus 0.6 percentage points.",1
2010,Inside the Deliberations of a Hillary Clinton Campaign Launch,"Washington (CNN) This time eight years ago, when she first ran for president, Hillary Clinton was already officially a candidate.

""I'm in it to win it,"" she said in a YouTube video posted on January 21, 2007.

But even though a second Hillary Clinton for president campaign is all but certain, she and those close to her are debating when she should jump in the race, potentially delaying her entry by months.

There is no waiting for Republicans, who are engaged in a furious behind-the-scenes scramble for advisers and donors. Mitt Romney, Republicans' nominee in 2012, announced Friday he would bow out after just three weeks on the presidential speculation treadmill. Three Republican senators, two current governors and one former governor have all made active moves toward campaigns.

There could be ten or more Republican candidates by this summer. That might be when Hillary Clinton gets around to officially moving toward a campaign, if she heeds some confidantes, who are privately arguing for an announcement in July to coincide with the start of the third fundraising quarter. Delaying until the summer is an idea that is said to be gaining momentum against those who want to stick to the plan for an April start date.

The possibility of the delay is very real but still unsettled.

""I would say it's 40 percent,"" in the direction of those arguing for a delay, said one Democrat who supports a spring debut for Clinton's presidential campaign. Another Democrat who saw merits in both time lines put the odds of a delay at 50 percent.

Democrats on both sides of the debate spoke to CNN on the condition of anonymity so they could make their case without upsetting Clinton or those close to her for talking openly about internal deliberations.

Some Clinton loyalists worry that as the increasingly crowded Republican race heats up, the attacks on her could begin to stick without an apparatus in place to answer them.

The liberal superPAC American Bridge has been countering Republican attacks on Clinton's behalf but many Democrats think it's no substitute for a campaign messaging operation.

""They're doing terrific research,"" said one, ""but they don't know what her specific policy agenda is going to be. She should get in and start putting together a substantive policy agenda so the attacks that are going to begin to come from every single Republican who is jumping in to the race can be answered.""

The Democratic National Committee is beginning to take on a larger role in an effort to protect Clinton and the party brand but many Democrats are concerned even that won't be enough.

Other supporters want Clinton to lay low as the Republican field heats up, convinced Clinton will avoid some fire if she's undeclared and GOP candidates will take aim at each other instead.

""Never interrupt your opponent when it's destroying itself. That event in Iowa - nobody hated that more than [RNC chairman] Reince Priebus,"" said one Democrat, referring to the recent Iowa Freedom Summit, the first GOP cattle call for prospective candidates of many Republican presidential hopefuls (though noticeably neither Jeb Bush, Mitt Romney nor Rand Paul) attended. ""Let's get Sarah Palin out there, let's get Donald Trump out there - the whole clown car.""

Some Democrats believe it's also in Clinton's best interest to wait until President Obama, whose approval ratings have begun to rebound, becomes more popular, since a campaign by his former secretary of state will undoubtedly be seen as an extension of his presidency. It's a view shared by many at the White House who eye the entry of Clinton into the 2016 contest as the beginning of Obama's lame duck phase.

But if Clinton waits, she could run the risk of looking like she's taking the Democratic nomination for granted.

""The American people don't like to see a candidate assume that something is theirs for the taking,"" warned one Clinton supporter.

""If [Hillary Clinton] is trying to avoid a coronation it really is a terrible way to go about it. It sends a message that we don't have to campaign in the primaries."" said a Democratic operative in Iowa, who warned it leaves an opening. ""It really does require another candidate to fill that void""

And so far, no one has.

Vice President Joe Biden, former Maryland governor Martin O'Malley, former Virginia Senator Jim Webb and Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders have all made the trek to Iowa in the last year, but none are being particularly agressive in recruiting staff or taking on Clinton.

""O'Malley hired one staff member the other day and that's all anyone is talking about,"" said the Iowa operative of the unusually quiet political scene in the early state. ""It's kinda weird.""

In 2008, Clinton's air of inevitability was off putting to many voters. Clinton and her advisers have been looking to avoid it this time around.

But without an insurgent, Obama-like candidate waiting in the wings (Clinton insiders are now pretty much convinced that populist darling and Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren won't run, despite initial concerns she could mount a serious challenge from the left), many loyalists argue Clinton is safe to wait.

""If she's out there working hard, making her case, speaking to voters, that's what's going to matter,"" said a Washington-based Clinton backer who thinks a delayed campaign launch could benefit her.

It won't benefit her campaign coffers, however.

""Money will not flow until she's actually running,"" said one Democrat who cited powerful donor support for a Clinton run but acknowledged, ""People don't give that kind of money on speculation.""

The numerous Clinton loyalists interviewed for this piece admit there are arguments for both timelines. But perhaps the most important factor in deciding when to jump in the race is Hillary Clinton's personal inclination to put off campaigning.

The last time she ran for president, she entered the race in January 2006, almost two years before the election. The Democratic primary contest turned into a bruising slog that she is not eager to repeat.

""You can't dance in that spotlight for two years,"" a Clinton loyalist said. ""She's not Rand Paul, she's the most famous woman on earth and every move is scrutinized.""",1
1109,Clinton condemns Trump over Chicago violence,"Clinton said at a campaign event outside St. Louis that the ""ugly, divisive rhetoric we are hearing from Donald Trump and the encouragement of violence and aggression is wrong, and it's dangerous.""

""If you play with matches, you're going to start a fire you can't control,"" Clinton said about Trump at a caucus kick-off event at a local YMCA. ""That's not leadership. That's political arson. The test of leadership and citizenship is the opposite. If you see bigotry, oppose it. If you see violence, condemn it. And if you see a bully, stand up to him.""

Clinton acknowledged the ""anger"" that is motivating people on the left and the right of the political divide but said the way to bridge the gap ""is to stand together against the forces of division and discrimination that are trying to divide America between us and them.""

Clinton, the Democratic front-runner, has made knocking Trump a regular part of her stump speech, blasting the businessman for comments he has made against Mexicans, women and Muslims. She regularly touts herself as the first candidate to call out his rhetoric.

But at the outset of the Republican race, many inside Clinton's campaign saw Trump as an interesting sideshow, not someone who could credibly capture the Republican nomination. That has changed. Clinton's top aides now view Trump as the favorite to win the Republican nomination, and Clinton has started to go after the brash billionaire with more directness. ""You don't get the chance to make America great by getting rid of everything that made America great,"" Clinton said, parroting Trump's campaign slogan. ""No, our values, our diversity, our openness, these are strengths, not weaknesses.""",1
3592,"In France, a growing debate over why some speech is protected and some isn’t","They tease terrorists. The prophet Muhammad cries. A devout Muslim woman shows some leg, and more. They take on Pope Francis, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, French Prime Minister Manuel Valls. There are nuns, priests, rabbis and imams. They laugh at death itself.

The latest edition of Charlie Hebdo, the satirical newspaper attacked last week by Islamist extremists for lampooning the prophet Muhammad, became a symbol of freedom of expression as soon as it hit newsstands Wednesday — selling out millions of copies before dawn. Yet, in a country that mobilized Sunday by the millions in support of the paper’s right to mock, France also found itself facing a mounting debate over the limits of free speech within its borders.

French authorities on Wednesday detained and charged a notorious comedian, Dieudonné M’bala M’bala, with “glorifying terrorism” for an ambiguous Facebook post Sunday that, to some, appeared to show support for the gunman who killed four people in a kosher market Friday.

Since last week’s attacks, at least 54 people have faced similar charges — including several underage pranksters and drunken louts who were mouthing off. Authorities have used a beefed up anti-terrorism law passed last year to expedite their cases and issue harsher jail sentences — with one offender arrested Saturday already receiving a four-year sentence. The Justice Ministry has also issued fresh orders for prosecutors to crack down on “anti-Semitic and racist acts or speech.”

Laurent Léger, an investigative journalist for Charlie Hebdo who survived the attack, said there was no comparing the newspaper to Dieudonné — a French showman of Cameroonian descent who popularized a Nazi-like salute and who jokes about the Holocaust.

“Dieudonné does not know the Charlie spirit,” Léger said. “Charlie never glorified terrorism. Dieudonné is a bit too quick when he claims that his freedom of speech is being hampered. His attitude is just making things worse by continuing the confusion that is destroying this country.”

Yet others disagreed, saying France was in danger of trouncing the very right it is aiming to protect: freedom of expression.

“We can definitely talk about hypocrisy here,” said Adrienne Charmet, campaign coordinator for La Quadrature du Net, a Paris-based Internet rights group. “In the past days, we have seen a lot of people condemned for putting out words, no matter how condemnable those words, and receiving sentences that seem quite exaggerated.”

“French opinion is split in two,” she added. “Some see it as the worst possible response to last week’s attack, because many of those who have said these things were drunk, or teenagers, who did not know the weight of their words. But there is another segment of the population that does agree, because they feel these people are making themselves accomplices to terror. Either way, this crackdown on freedom of speech is a betrayal of last Sunday’s march.”

Charlie Hebdo was undoubtedly the hottest property in town Wednesday, with lines snaking for blocks as Parisians clamored for copies that sold out within minutes. An initial print run of 3 million copies was expanded to 5 million when kiosks across the country ran out.

Surviving staff members, who worked day and night after the Jan. 7 attack to ensure the issue came out on time, produced the paper. With their offices still roped off as a crime scene, the staff worked out of a conference room at the left-wing daily Libération. The offices there are being guarded around the clock by an extraordinary number of police officers and private security guards.

There was plenty inside the paper to stir controversy. The 16-page edition brims with the sort of irreverent, off-color humor that made Charlie famous — and infamous. No one is spared ridicule.

In one cartoon, two hooded terrorists are pictured in heaven, with one asking the other, “Where are the virgins?”

“They’re with the Charlie staff, loser,” his accomplice replies.

Another pictures a harried and exhausted cartoonist hunched over his desk, with a caption that reads, “Cartooning at Charlie Hebdo, it’s 25 years of work.” The next panel shows hooded gunmen mowing people down with a Kalashnikov, accompanied by the words, “For a terrorist, it’s 25 seconds of work.”

As ever with Charlie Hebdo, the goal is to provoke, to stir debate and to make people laugh — while also reminding anyone who might think otherwise that reading Charlie can be distinctly discomfiting.

The paper’s lead editorial offers a vigorous defense of secular values, saying that staffers laughed when they heard that the bells of the Cathedral of Notre Dame would ring in their honor.

“The millions of anonymous people, all the institutions, all the world leaders, all the politicians, all the intellectuals and media figures, all the religious dignitaries who proclaimed this week that ‘I am Charlie’ need to also know that that means, ‘I am secularism,’ ” the editorial says.

Delphine Ravion-Casalta, 39, spent an hour and a half visiting three newsstands Wednesday morning before she found her Charlie. She sipped coffee at a cafe, her copy proudly spread out before her, eagerly taking in every word.

“In France, we’re still fighting for our freedom,” she said. “We had revolution for our freedom. A lot of revolutions. And great men like Voltaire and Rousseau. The fight for those ideas continues.”

The rush for copies of Charlie Hebdo came as French authorities detained and charged Dieudonné, 48. After the unity march that brought 1.5 million people onto the streets of Paris on Sunday, the comedian wrote: “After this historic, no legendary, march, a magic moment equal to the Big Bang which created the Universe, or in a smaller way comparable to the crowning of the [ancient king] Vercingétorix, I am going home. Let me say that this evening, as far as I am concerned, I feel I am Charlie Coulibaly.”

Charlie Coulibaly is a reference to both Charlie Hebdo and Amedy Coulibaly, the gunman who killed four people in a Paris kosher market on Friday. The comedian, in a second Facebook post Monday, sought to clarify his remark, saying his purpose was “to make people laugh, and to laugh at death, since death makes fun of us all, as Charlie very well knows.” He concluded by saying, “They consider me to be Amedy Coulibaly when I am no different from a Charlie.”

Valls, speaking in the National Assembly, sought to draw a distinction between the creative caricatures of Charlie Hebdo and the comedian’s hate-based humor, while insisting that France was not compromising freedom of speech.

“There is a fundamental difference between the freedom to be impertinent, and anti-Semitism, racism, glorification of terrorist acts and Holocaust denial, all of which are offenses, all of which are crimes, that justice should punish with the most severity,” he said.",1
3147,Gay rights and religious liberty: Can Americans have both?,"From an Indiana pizzeria to a Washington State florist, America is grappling with a clash between gay rights and religious liberty. But there are paths forward.

Why climate scientists are taking fact-checking into their own hands

Arkansas state Rep. Warwick Sabin (D) cheers with others protesting the state's religious freedom law at the state Capitol in Little Rock last month.

The recent backlash against “religious accommodation” laws in Indiana and Arkansas is evidence of an increasingly bitter confrontation that is dividing the country and threatens to diminish the scope of religious liberty in America.

That is the conclusion of a number of scholars and experts who are urging the United States Supreme Court to consider this confrontation when it hears oral argument on April 28 in a potential landmark case involving same-sex marriage.

On one side are gay couples who are seeking the full benefits of equal treatment and dignity in a society that has long forced them into second-class status, or substantially worse.

On the other side are religious conservatives, who say they are being coerced to support and/or participate in activities that offend their religious beliefs.

Gay rights activists, sensing an approaching victory at the Supreme Court, are growing more aggressive in challenging the conservatives. Many argue that any accommodation of religious beliefs in the context of gay rights would amount to a “license to discriminate.”

Conservatives counter that the issue is freedom of conscience. Religious accommodations traditionally have been provided to avoid the prospect of coercion against one’s faith, they say.

Indiana and Arkansas were just the latest flashpoints in what could become a major turning point. For the first time in US history, a sizeable social and political force seems intent on sharply restraining or eliminating religious accommodations, according to scholars who study religious freedom.

Now with the Supreme Court poised to take up same-sex marriage, some advocates are hoping the high court will offer much-needed guidance to a nation torn between conflicting values.

Some states, like Indiana, have tried to address the religious accommodation side of the equation, while others, like Utah, have taken a more comprehensive approach – addressing religion accommodations and antidiscrimination laws together.

The stakes involve more than just whether same-sex couples will be able to obtain a cake, or photographs, or flowers for their wedding. Ultimately at stake is a quintessential requirement of life in America: tolerance – on each side for the other.

Douglas Laycock, a leading scholar of religious liberty, has staked out a middle ground position in the looming confrontation between gay rights and religious rights. He calls his approach “liberty and justice for all.”

“Same-sex civil marriage is a great advance for human liberty. But failure to attend to the religious-liberty implications will create a whole new set of problems for the liberties of those religious organizations and believers who cannot conscientiously recognize or facilitate such marriages,” writes Mr. Laycock, a professor at the University of Virginia School of Law, in a friend-of-the-court brief.

He is urging the high court to recognize a constitutional right to same-sex marriage. And he believes states should pass laws barring discrimination based on sexual orientation.

But he also favors robust religious freedom restoration laws at the state level, and he is urging the justices to make clear in their opinion that religious conservatives retain broad freedom to live their lives in accord with their highest sense of morality and faith.

“The gain for human liberty will be greatly undermined if same-sex couples now force religious dissenters to violate conscience in the same way that those dissenters, when they had the power to do so, forced same-sex couples to hide in the closet,” Laycock said.

“That is what will happen, unless this Court clearly directs the lower courts to protect religious liberty as well as same-sex civil marriage,” he told the justices.

In a speech last fall, Sen. Orrin Hatch (R) of Utah warned that religious liberty was under attack – and losing ground. “What was once a broad consensus here in the United States that religious freedom deserves special protection has recently crumbled,” he said.

The senator said that gay rights organizations and other advocacy groups were increasingly opposed to religious exemptions that a few years ago would have passed without dissent.

“From my perspective, it appears that now these groups believe they are ‘winning’ the argument and therefore have no need for religious accommodations,” he said. “Whereas in the past they were willing to respect religious freedom, now that they believe they have the upper hand they are ready to disregard religious liberty altogether.”

Last June, the Supreme Court pushed back against this trend in a 5-to-4 decision upholding a religious accommodation for the owners of Hobby Lobby.

Within weeks of that ruling, 56 senators voted to overturn the decision and eliminate the accommodation. The tally, only four votes short of the 60 needed to advance the bill, included every Senate Democrat and three Republicans.

The uproar sparked by Indiana’s passage of its own Religious Freedom Restoration Act (RFRA) in late March illustrates the potential high stakes for religious conservatives.

Indiana lawmakers and Republican Gov. Mike Pence encountered a swift and unrelenting backlash by a well-organized gay rights campaign supported by major business leaders, Democratic governors, and others threatening to unleash an economic boycott against an entire state.

Those threats prompted Republican leaders in Indiana and Arkansas to quickly retreat and water down their religious freedom laws.

It also directed a national spotlight on the intersection of gay rights and religious rights.

It did so in part by focusing on an eight-table pizza shop in Walkerton, Ind.

Memories Pizza owner Kevin O’Connor and his daughter, Crystal, said they would serve any gay or lesbian customers in the shop. But they added that they would refuse to cater a same-sex wedding because such a ceremony would offend their religious beliefs about marriage.

The store closed for eight days after receiving threats and hate mail. At the same time, supporters on a fundraising website contributed more than $840,000 to the shop.

The action against Memories Pizza erupted not from an actual request for service from a gay couple. It resulted from a hypothetical question from a local television news reporter.

Other well-known cases involve a Colorado bakery’s refusal to bake a wedding cake for a same-sex marriage ceremony, a New Mexico photographer’s refusal to photograph a same-sex commitment ceremony, and a Washington florist’s decision not to design floral arrangements for a same-sex wedding.

In each case, the Christian business owner said the refusal was based on a sincerely-held religious belief about the sanctity of marriage. And in each case, the courts ruled that the Christian owners violated laws prohibiting discrimination based on sexual orientation.

“In the last year or so, with the rise of the push for gay rights, it is beyond wanting there to be an appreciation and respect for gay rights. Now a segment of our population is seeking to have that right trump religious freedom,” said Jeffrey Mateer, a lawyer with Liberty Institute in Plano, Texas.

“We are seeing people of faith being attacked, discriminated against, and losing their jobs because they are speaking out on the marriage issue,” Mr. Mateer said.

Among other cases cited by conservatives:

It isn’t just a matter of filing lawsuits or challenging the award of government benefits to certain businesses. The broader campaign often portrays religious conservatives as bigots. The strategy appears aimed at discrediting any claim to the American tradition of solicitude to religious adherents involving sincere matters of faith.

“That’s one way of looking at it,” says Yale Law School Professor William Eskridge. “Here’s another way. What counts as a religious reason is highly dynamic.”

In the 1960s, opponents of the Civil Rights Act used the Bible to try to justify continued discrimination against African-Americans, notes Professor Eskridge, a leading scholar of gay rights. It didn’t work. The tactic was swept aside as the tide of public opinion embraced the principle of equality for African-Americans.

Eskridge suggests it is only a matter of time before gay rights become normalized across the country, and religious and moral arguments are swept aside and discarded.

“One of the lessons of history unfortunately is that very often the line between bigotry and religious doctrine or religious faith is not a clear-cut line, particularly when public opinion is swiftly changing,” Eskridge said.

The professor predicted that as the nation’s rapid embrace of gay rights continues, public norms and the law will also change. So will religious practice and belief, he said.

“We’ve already seen it. And we are going to continue to see it,” he said. “Some religions are literally changing their doctrine.”

So where does that leave the state of interplay between gay rights activists and religious conservatives?

The legal landscape is a patchwork. Even if the US Supreme Court rules in late June that all 50 states must issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples, only 22 states currently have laws prohibiting discrimination based on sexual orientation.

That means that gay men and lesbians are vulnerable to discrimination in 28 states.

Among those 28 states: Indiana and Arkansas.

Some observers view the recent ugly flare-up in the culture war in both states as a missed opportunity.

Had officials in Indiana and Arkansas sought to pass their new religious freedom restoration laws in concert with new legal protections for the lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) community, the energy invested in threatened boycotts and waging heated protests would have been expended instead on celebrations of leadership and progress, these analysts say.

Robin Fretwell Wilson knows how to get this done. She was an adviser to the effort do it in one of the most conservative states in America.

“At a time of great change, people have to know what the rules are,” says Ms. Fretwell, a professor at the University of Illinois College of Law. The idea is to get the relevant parties around a table and negotiate a set of rules acceptable to all.

It employs a common sense approach: If you are sensitive to our concerns, we’ll be sensitive to yours.

The result was the Utah Compromise. It passed the Republican-controlled state legislature and was signed into law last month with the blessing of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.

When it takes effect on May 11, it will mark the first time in state history that gay men, lesbians, bisexuals, and transgender people have specific legal protections prohibiting discrimination in housing and employment because of sexual orientation or gender identity.

“Utah gets it right on every single score,” Wilson says. “They did something good and decent for the LGBT community, but they did not make it come at the expense of religious believers. I think that’s huge.”

The workplace protections apply to all businesses with 15 or more workers, including state agencies, local governments, and school districts. It does not apply to religious organizations, religious schools, and wholly-owned subsidiaries of religious organizations. It also exempts the Boy Scouts.

The compromise has its critics. Some say it does not go far enough.

For example, the Utah Compromise does not address the thorny issue of public accommodations – whether a small business such as a bakery, wedding planner, or florist must participate in same-sex wedding ceremonies if they have religious objections.

But within the compromise are the seeds of a solution to that problem, as well, Wilson says.

The agreement establishes a right for any qualified person in Utah to get married at a county clerk’s office. But under the agreement, no official in any clerk’s office can be fired or otherwise forced to officiate a same-sex wedding if they have a religious objection.

Instead, every clerk’s office in Utah – including in rural counties – must have a process that provides a willing celebrant to any same-sex couple seeking to marry at the clerk’s office.

There is a term for this kind of approach. It is called religious accommodation.

Wilson says she is developing a similar model that may offer a compromise for religious business owners who are worried about getting sued over their religious objections to participating in a same-sex wedding.

In the medical field, there are recognized abortion conscience clauses that exempt certain medical professionals from involvement in that procedure because of their religious beliefs. In effect, someone else takes their place through a prearranged process.

“When that happens, no one says you are being mean to the lady who wants an abortion,” Wilson said. “We don’t even think about it that way.”

The same prearranged process could be set up at a Christian-owned bakery or flower shop. In essence, those parts of the business serving same-sex marriages would be handled by workers (in-house or by contract) who do not have a religious objection to such ceremonies.

“The idea that you show up in the moment and get refused by a religious person is really, really hard to choke down. I don’t think the gay rights people are going to be able to bargain to that,” Wilson says. “And the idea that you suddenly let gay rights run roughshod over every religious person in the community is also hard to choke down.”

She adds: “So if we can find a model where everybody gets served and religious people don’t have to leave those jobs, I think we’d do a really good thing.”

Wilson’s approach holds great promise, particularly in conservative red states looking for solutions or to avoid economic boycotts. But not everyone is ready and willing to negotiate a cease-fire in the culture war.

That’s where the concept of a RFRA may become essential as an increasing number of cases move into the courts.

Much of the controversy last month in Indiana and Arkansas was premised on misinformation and misconceptions on both sides of the debate, according to legal experts.

Some conservatives were under the false impression that a RFRA would offer guaranteed protection against lawsuits by same-sex couples. And some gay rights activists argued, incorrectly, that the Indiana RFRA would be a “license to discriminate.”

Uncritical press reports parroted this line, over and over.

The debate kicked up gobs of dust and fury, but shed almost no light on the real purpose of passing a state RFRA, analysts say.

“I don’t think it is right to view RFRAs in light of gay rights specifically, because RFRA has always protected religious minority groups,” says Eric Rassbach, a lawyer at the Becket Fund for Religious Liberty in Washington.

He says RFRAs have helped protect a Santeria priest seeking an exemption from a local ordinance outlawing goat sacrifices; it is being invoked to help native Americans who need an exemption from federal law to possess eagle feathers. The law has been used to uphold the right of a Sikh accountant to pass through security at a federal building in possession of her religious “kirpan,” a small dull dagger that is as symbolic to Sikhs as the cross is to Christians.

In January, the US Supreme Court applied a RFRA-like statute and ruled that the Arkansas prison system must allow a Muslim inmate to grow a short beard in compliance with his religious faith. That ruling was 9 to 0.

“If people want to go around stopping RFRAs or neutering RFRAs, the people who are going to be hurt will be the religious minorities – the Sikhs, the native Americans, the Muslims, the Orthodox Jews,” Mr. Rassbach said.

“I think that is a real problem for our society because we are not getting less religiously diverse, we are becoming more heterogeneous,” he said.

The purpose of passing a religious freedom restoration law is not to grant a right to engage in anti-gay discrimination, Rassbach and other analysts say. The law isn’t designed to work that way, and it hasn’t worked that way in practice.

No religious exemption sought under RFRA has ever been granted in any case involving alleged sexual orientation discrimination.

That doesn’t mean there won’t be an accommodation granted in the future. But these results suggest RFRA is no “license to discriminate.”

The real license to discriminate in Indiana was the state’s lack of a statute prohibiting discrimination because of sexual orientation. That is a license to discriminate, legal experts say.

In contrast, the purpose of a RFRA is different. The law is designed to allow a neutral judge to weigh the competing interests when a law that is applied broadly imposes a significant burden on sincerely-held religious beliefs.

When that happens, there must be proof that the provision advances a compelling government interest and that it is tailored to do that in a way least restrictive of religious faith.

This approach was not dreamed up in some backroom legislative chamber in Indiana. It is a legal standard that was recognized as a constitutional guarantee for the entire country and was enforced by the US Supreme Court from 1963 to 1990.

Despite this broad, constitutional protection of religious conscience, religious adherents didn’t always prevail. In 1983, Bob Jones University argued for a religious exemption from a federal regulation prohibiting tax-exempt organizations from discriminating on the basis of race. The university had a rule barring interracial dating.

The high court held that the government had a fundamental – and overriding – interest in ending any vestige of racial discrimination in education.

Though the decision did not diminish the importance of religious accommodations in general, it put religious adherents on notice: fighting discrimination is a compelling government interest that can outweigh a claim for religious accommodation.

Then, in 1990, the high court abruptly changed course. The justices were presented with a case involving two drug counselors who were fired for their sacramental use of peyote as members of the Native American Church. They were also denied unemployment benefits. The two sued the state of Oregon, seeking a religious accommodation that would allow them to collect the benefits.

A divided Supreme Court ruled that the free exercise clause of the Constitution did not authorize a religious exemption from laws of general applicability.

This was a major constitutional shift that made it more difficult for religious adherents – particularly those in minority religions – to seek accommodations from general laws that imposed significant burdens on their faith.

Congress responded in 1993 by passing the Religious Freedom Restoration Act. (It passed the House by voice vote, and the Senate 97 to 3.) The statute reestablished the same national legal standard of religious accommodation that had been enforced by the high court from 1963 to 1990.

Then in 1997, the Supreme Court ruled that the federal RFRA only applied to federal law, not at the state or local level.

In response to that decision, states began enacting their own religious freedom restoration acts. Currently, 22 states – including Indiana and Arkansas – have enacted RFRAs.

In addition, 11 other states have interpreted their state constitutions as providing guarantees of religious liberty consistent with the standard enforced by the US Supreme Court from 1963 to 1990.

Thus, 33 of the 50 states have in some fashion embraced the broad concept of offering religious accommodations.

How the approaching legal battles will play out is uncertain.

Some cases will be preempted by automatic exemptions from discrimination laws that have long been granted to religious organizations and affiliated groups.

But the stage is now set for litigation over public accommodations related to same-sex marriages. Ironically, most of those cases will be litigated not in conservative “red” states, but in liberal “blue” states that have already accepted gay marriage. That’s because there are no antidiscrimination statutes in most red states that would allow a same-sex couple to file a lawsuit.

“It is that middle area of the small business, individual proprietorship, the mom and pop enterprise; that’s the area where this is going to bite,” Eskridge says. “That is in play and it is highly dynamic.”

The professor sees the legal landscape shifting against accommodation claims.  “Accommodations that would have been given in courts 10 years ago are not going to be given in courts 10 years from now, or even today in some cases.”

In courts across the country the critical question is going to be whether it is possible to strike a balance between discrimination and religious accommodation.

What is at stake is more fundamental than cakes, and photographs, and flowers. It is whether at some point politicians and judges begin to look for ways to defuse disputes so that both sides can start moving forward together toward tolerance and acceptance.

The alternative is more Indiana-style protests and boycotts.

“What was so devastating for the religious community was to be seen as saying we have to have our religious freedom so that we can knock down your gay rights. When they say stuff like that – which is just ugly – they lose,” Wilson says.

“But on the other side, if the gay rights guys say I have to run you out of business in order for me to win, that is just as ugly, and they will lose,” she says.",1
4318,"As Rand Paul stalls, Ted Cruz seeks to pick up support among libertarians","Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) came to a convention of libertarian-leaning Republicans and talked about shrinking government, slashing regulations, fighting against the bulk collection of phone data and his great affinity for a rival in the presidential race.

Paul, Kentucky’s junior U.S. senator and scion of one of the country’s most famous libertarian families, was expected to lock down the support of libertarian voters in the presidential campaign. But as Paul’s poll numbers have sagged nationally — and in such libertarian-minded places as New Hampshire — Cruz is trying to pick off what is sometimes called the liberty vote.

Cruz essentially crashed what was supposed to be Paul’s big libertarian party here, the biennial meeting of the Republican Liberty Caucus. Cruz stood in a hotel here on a dreary Friday morning, surrounded by supporters and curious attendees who held signs and jostled for photos.

“I was elected with tremendous support from the liberty movement,” Cruz said of his 2012 Senate campaign, noting that Rand Paul and his father, former representative Ron Paul (R-Tex.), both endorsed him in that race.

The Texas Republican’s presidential campaign has been making the case that as Paul’s campaign has floundered, Cruz is viable — flush with cash and able to go the distance.

On the trail, Cruz has invoked the Fourth Amendment’s privacy protections and railed against the Federal Reserve. Last month, the campaign rolled out a video showing eight supporters of Ron Paul’s 2012 presidential campaign who are backing Cruz for 2016.

“The liberty movement has been integral to our campaign since Day One,” Cruz said.

Cruz breaks down the Republican electorate into four brackets of support: tea party conservatives; evangelical Christians; establishment Republicans; and libertarians. He sees his base in the tea party and evangelical wings, but he also is trying to siphon off libertarian voters with a message of limited government.

Cruz tailored his speech here in New Hampshire to those voters. He took a less hawkish tone when discussing foreign policy, saying that the United States “shouldn’t engage in nation-building” and calling for armed Kurdish ground troops to fight the Islamic State.

“There’s no reason for us to get in the middle of the Syrian civil war,” he said.

Cruz praised the liberty movement as an “amazing thing” and vowed that the size of government will be “materially smaller” if he is elected president. He promoted a bill he co-sponsored to end the bulk collection of phone metadata — an issue that Rand Paul championed this year with a nearly 11-hour Senate floor speech.

“This is the battleground between Cruz and Paul,” said Dave Nalle, a former chairman of the Liberty Caucus. He said Paul appeals to privacy-minded libertarians while Cruz appeals to those who want a strict adherence to the Constitution.

“I was impressed” with Cruz, said Louis Colavecchio Sr. of Wakefield, R.I., who also said he has not decided whom he will support in the primary.

The scramble for supporters seems to have somewhat strained the cordial relationship between the onetime Senate allies. Last month, Paul said Cruz was “pretty much done for” in the Senate after Cruz tried to disrupt the passage of a government funding bill because it would give money to Planned Parenthood.

“Ted has chosen to make this really personal and chosen to call people dishonest in leadership . . . which really goes against the decorum and also against the rules of the Senate, and as a consequence he can’t get anything done legislatively,” Paul said on Fox News Radio. On Friday, Cruz called Paul “a friend” and “good man.”

Paul gave an animated speech here and appeared to be in his comfort zone, saying he wants a government that leaves him alone. He reminded his audience of his marathon Senate speech to defend that principle. He called for reform of the criminal-justice system, and he knocked other candidates for saying they would not hold talks with rival nations. Paul also rapped Congress, labeling a just-passed bill that temporarily funds the government “a bunch of crap” and the body itself “impotent and inconsequential.”

“I’m embarrassed that I’m even a part of it,” said Paul, sporting a bright-blue belt with the University of Kentucky’s logo on it.

Paul played down the threat from Cruz.

“Both here and Iowa, we know where our support is and where my dad’s support was, and we feel comfortable that the overwhelming majority of it is with us,” Paul said.

Some libertarians here were uncomfortable with Cruz making religion such a large part of his campaign.

“I don’t think he’s going to have as much sway on Rand Paul’s electability as people think he will, because he’s a religious zealot. It’s too much,” said Austin Sekel, 22, who is supporting Paul. Cruz “needs to stop grandstanding on the Senate floor,” he said.

Sekel and others said they do not think Paul’s sagging poll numbers will change anything. Sekel thinks Paul has a base of support that has not yet become engaged in the campaign.

Bob Pyle, a pastor from Harrisburg, Pa., said Paul has a “solid, loyal following that is not given to the sounds of throwing red meat.” Between those people and Ron Paul supporters, Pyle said the Kentucky Republican’s fortunes will only increase.

Other people here are not completely enamored of either candidate. Some libertarians have said that Paul has run his race too far from his father’s pure libertarian principles. They include John Cisar, 36, of Burlington, Vt.

“I think there’s a big schism among libertarians that he’s fallen short of expectations,” Cisar said of Paul. Cisar said that he is not a Cruz fan and that he thinks Paul is the more acceptable of the two in the 2016 race.

“He’s the lesser of the evils,” Cisar said of Paul. “And that doesn’t make me feel really good inside to vote for him.”",1
1905,“A dream come true for Hillary Clinton”: Wall Street Journal editorial board rips Ted Cruz,"In a Tuesday editorial, the paper’s opinion editors cast significant doubt on the Texas Republican’s ability to assemble a winning coalition, arguing that Cruz’s assumption that he can win by turning out more white conservative voters is fundamentally flawed and warning that the Tea Party firebrand’s hardline stance on immigration makes him “a dream come true for Hillary Clinton,” the likely Democratic nominee in 2016.

Blaming Cruz for “plunging” the GOP’s favorability by leading the 2013 government shutdown — part of a botched attempt to derail health care reform — the Journal depicts Cruz as a polarizing figure all too willing to reflexively oppose anything the Obama administration proposes. The editors castigate Cruz as an “opportunist” for seeking to pare back government surveillance and for opposing the administration’s abortive effort to authorize air strikes in Syria in 2013 — stances that Cruz took despite a generally hawkish worldview.

As for Cruz’s claim that Republicans like 2012 nominee Mitt Romney have lost because they failed to galvanize the right-wing base, the Journal allows that “Romney in particular failed to motivate enough conservatives.” However, the editors posit, Cruz “is probably wrong to think that conservatives alone, especially white conservatives, can elect the next President,” adding that the party’s 2016 nominee “must broaden the GOP’s electoral appeal.” Part of that, the editorial suggests, entails a softer line on immigration; continued opposition to reform will only prove a boon to Democratic efforts to keep Latino voters solidly in the blue column.

This being the Wall Street Journal editorial board, the piece is not without pot-shots at Democrats. Indeed, the editorial is framed around the notion that Cruz is the Republican version of Barack Obama. There are areas of overlap: Both began their presidential bids as 40-something first-term senators, both graduated from Harvard Law School, both are perceived as dynamic speakers, and both boast appeal among key segments of their parties’ respective constituencies. Although the similarities largely end there, the Journal insists otherwise. Much as Cruz is notorious for his scorched-earth Tea Party tactics, the Journal would have us believe that Obama harbors “contempt” for Republicans and for the very idea of “work[ing] across the aisle.”

In the latter half of his second term, Obama may have come to the belated realization that Republicans had no interest in cooperating with him, but the president reached this conclusion only after the failure of his assiduous efforts to woo GOP support. His 2008 campaign rested on the notion that he, not Hillary Clinton, would bridge Washington’s partisan divide, and he spent much of his first term negotiating against himself in the vain hope that his proposals would garner Republican backing. There was the largely fruitless effort to secure GOP support for the 2009 stimulus package, for instance, and the months-long, ill-fated bid to get then-Sen. Olympia Snowe (R-ME) to vote for health care reform. Obama’s Kumbayaism was doomed literally from the start; just as Obama took office, top congressional Republicans decided in a closed-door meeting that the next four years would be ones of knee-jerk opposition to the president’s policies. Six years later, Cruz is telling Republicans that the obstructionists who run his party aren’t intransigent enough. That view may be held by a large segment of the Tea Party, but even some of the nation’s most conservative voices find it laughable — and politically perilous.",1
4051,Obama Presses Putin to Strike Ukraine Peace Deal,"President Barack Obama called his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin on Tuesday to discuss escalating violence in eastern Ukraine, urging him to embrace a negotiated solution.

Expressing unease at ""Russia's ongoing support"" for separatists in Ukraine, Obama warned that the failure of upcoming peace talks would lead to more pain for Russia.

During the call Obama ""underscored the importance of President Putin seizing the opportunity presented by the ongoing discussions between Russia, France, Germany and Ukraine to reach a peaceful resolution,"" the White House said.

""If Russia continues its aggressive actions in Ukraine, including by sending troops, weapons, and financing to support the separatists, the costs for Russia will rise.""

Obama has dangled the prospect of further sanctions against Russia and U.S. arms being sent to the Ukrainian government if talks fail.

A four-nation peace summit is planned for Wednesday in Minsk.

The United States has voiced skepticism about Putin's sincerity in negotiating.

A previous agreement, signed in the Belarusian capital Minsk in September, has been largely ignored by Russia.

The White House on Tuesday said that the previous Minsk agreement must be the basis for any new deal.

Key points of that deal include withdrawing ""all troops and weapons"" from eastern Ukraine, allowing ""effective international monitoring of the international border"" and freeing hostages, White House spokesman Josh Earnest said.

""While we're supportive of continuing diplomatic conversations, what's most important is for both sides to come to the table ready to not just make commitments, but live up to them,"" said Earnest.

Obama also spoke to Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, offering condolences for the loss of Ukrainian life.

A devastating rocket strike on Kiev's military headquarters in the east killed at least 37 people on Tuesday.

""The president underlined the commitment of the United States to work with our international partners to provide the financial support Ukraine needs as it continues to undertake essential reforms,"" the White House said.",1
3852,"Trumka: Disappointment with Obama, a warning for Hillary","WASHINGTON — The nation's most powerful labor leader, vowing to defeat President Obama's key trade legislation in the House next month, warned Hillary Clinton of serious political consequences if she fails to take a stand against the Pacific trade pact that the president is campaigning for as a major part of his legacy.

Richard Trumka, president of the AFL-CIO, predicted that no more than 20 House Democrats would vote for Trade Promotion Authority, the ""fast-track"" bill that on Friday passed the Senate.

""Thirteen Democrats left their base,"" he said of the Senate vote in an interview with Capital Download. ""They decided to pass something that was going to cost jobs and lower wages, and they're going to have to answer to their constituencies for that."" He added: ""They'll be held accountable; there's no question about that.""

Organized labor has been waging a fierce battle against the legislation, which would require Congress to approve or reject without amendments the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a trade deal among the United States and 12 other Pacific Rim nations. Many labor unions have frozen campaign donations as they lobby against it.

The battle between two customary allies — a Democratic president and the country's biggest labor federation — underscores the complicated politics of Obama's attempts to pass legislation through a Republican-controlled Congress during the final two years of his tenure. It also exposes challenges ahead for Clinton, who praised the emerging Pacific pact as ""the gold standard"" in her memoirs as secretary of State but has avoided declaring her view of it since becoming a presidential candidate.

""Unfortunately, it falls far short of being the gold standard,"" Trumka told USA TODAY's video newsmaker series in an interview at AFL-CIO headquarters, just across Lafayette Square from the White House. ""It's not silver. I'm not sure it's copper or some other form of metal, but it's not gold, because it's going to cost us jobs and it's going to lower wages in this country.""

Trumka said he didn't know where Clinton now stood on the issue.

""She's going to have to answer that,"" he said. ""I think she won't be able to go through a campaign without answering that and people will take it seriously and it will affect whether they vote for her or don't vote for her.""

If Clinton backs the trade pact and the fast-track authority, there will be costs, he cautioned. ""It will be tougher to mobilize working people. It'll be tougher to get them to come out excited and work to do door-knocking and leafleting and phone-banking and all the things that are going to be necessary if she is the candidate and we endorse her to get elected. It will make it far more difficult.""

It even is ""conceivable"" that the AFL-CIO wouldn't endorse a presidential candidate, he said, ""if both candidates weren't interested in raising wages and creating jobs.""

Asked whether Obama's presidency had been good for working Americans, Trumka paused.

""The president's been seriously handicapped in his ability to deliver things for the American public, because you've got a determined opposition in the Republican Party that will actually hurt the country to deny him a victory,"" he began. But he added, ""I wish he would have fought for some of the things that are needed as hard as he's fighting for fast track and TPP.""

In the Senate vote, Trumka said he was surprised to have lost the support of Democratic senators Benjamin Cardin of Maryland, Chris Coons of Delaware and Patty Murray of Washington state. When the interviewer commented that it's hard to defeat a president, he replied: ""We'll see.""",1
205,Wingnuts have a death-grip on Congress: Why Paul Ryan can’t control the House GOP,"Remember last fall, when pundits and politicians were trying to talk themselves into Paul Ryan as Speaker of the House because he would lay down the law with the hard-right wing of the Republican caucus? When he was the man who could bring some much-needed order to the ranks? Who could maybe end this habit of careening from crisis to crisis that Congress has fallen into because the two parties are unable to agree on anything, down to whether toilet paper should be rolled over or under in Capitol Hill bathrooms, let alone a budget to fund the basic functions of government?

As the kids like to say, LOL:

“The release of President Obama’s eighth and final budget on Tuesday has forced into the open the seething tensions that never really went away after a spending agreement was reached last year, in part to ease Mr. Ryan’s transition into the speaker’s suite. That deal set spending until the end of October of this year, at levels that the president adhered to and Senate Republicans hope to make stick. But a core group of House Republicans who gave Mr. Ryan a pass back then now say they want to toss those numbers out like so much flotsam and pass their own budget with far tighter spending restrictions.”

That “core group of House Republicans” is the House Freedom Caucus, the band of 40 or so feral meerkats who did much of the heavy lifting in driving John Boehner into retirement. But they aren’t the only Republicans who look like infants here. Rep. Tom Price (R-GA) and Sen. Mike Enzi (R-WY), the chairs of the House and Senate Budget Committees, last week announced they will not even let the director of the Office of Management and Budget present the proposed budget to the Congress. This practice is a common courtesy extended to presidential administrations for the last 40 years or so.

No one would expect any Congress to rubber-stamp a president’s budget proposal, of course. Not even if the same party controlled both chambers and the White House. But what’s notable here is this quote from one member of the Freedom Caucus:

Right, except you’re not passing a Republican budget any more than President Obama expects you to pass a Democratic budget. The president’s proposal is the opening to a negotiation, to be hashed out between two parties. Is anyone available who can explain the job of legislating to these legislators?

But like so many other legislative norms that the Republicans in Congress have tossed out the window during the Obama era, the practice of two co-equal branches of government openly and fairly debating genuine issues that will affect the American people has been given the heave-ho. Yet I’d bet cash money some of these legislators like Mulvaney and Price are also just astonished that bullying idiot Donald Trump is stomping their party’s candidates for the Republican nomination.

Paul Ryan knows how this is supposed to work. He was, after all, the ranking Republican member of the House Budget Committee for the four years the Democrats controlled the House from 2007 to 2011. Then, when the GOP regained the majority in the chamber, he chaired the committee for another four years, until 2015. If anyone in the House knows how the budget sausage gets made, knows all the little compromises over appropriations levels and priorities that go into funding the government, it’s Ryan. But as part of his deal to earn his Republican colleagues’ votes for Speaker, Ryan devolved a fair amount of power for setting legislative agendas back to the committee chairmen. This took away one of the tools that past Speakers like Boehner could use as leverage to get bills they favored taken up by individual committees. With that gone, a weak Speaker is practically a helpless bystander to this sort of spectacle. Sure, maybe he can still yank the chairmanship away from Price, but that will just raise howls of protest from the other chairs who thought they had freedom to run things as they see fit. And though Price isn’t a member of the Freedom Caucus, you can bet that group approves of what he’s doing. If Ryan punishes him, he gets an even louder revolt on his right flank, in the middle of an election year. But beyond all this inside-baseball stuff is a point that many pundits have hammered on over and over during the primary campaign. Which is that this partisan infection of the House is not going away after the 2016 election, or even after 2018 and likely not until sometime after the next census in 2020, if it happens at all. So even if Democrats still hold the White House next year, either Bernie Sanders or Hillary Clinton will spend much of his or her time negotiating and fighting these budget fights just to keep the government’s lights on, let alone pushing through major changes to healthcare or financial industry regulations. Plus, there’s a good chance he or she will be saddled with Paul Ryan as Speaker, and he’s about as solid as helium. By the end of 2017, we may all be longing for the halcyon days when John Boehner ran things.",1
3326,State Department warns of possible terror attack in South Africa,"WASHINGTON – The State Department on Saturday warned American citizens in South Africa of the imminent threat of terrorist attacks.

The warning, issued by the U.S. Diplomatic Mission to South Africa, states that the government has received information that terrorist groups are planning to carry out ""near-term attacks against places where U.S. citizens congregate in South Africa, such as upscale shopping areas and malls in Johannesburg and Cape Town.""

The warning refers to the public call by the Islamic State, or ISIL, to conduct terrorist strikes during the coming month of Ramadan.

The State Department has issued similar warnings to U.S. citizens living or traveling in Europe, saying credible information exists about ISIL militants planning attacks there.

On Friday, the Pentagon announced that it had conducted several strikes – some of them kept secret until now – against Islamic extremists outside of Iraq and Syria as the military widens its attacks on militants. In 2016 alone, U.S. attacks in Yemen have killed more than 100 militants, according to U.S. Central Command, which oversees operations in the Middle East.

The most recent airstrike against Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula occurred on May 19 in central Yemen and killed four al-Qaeda operatives. It was the ninth attack in Yemen this year, including several the military had announced since March. Central Command also confirmed three previously unannounced attacks in Yemen. Strikes on Feb. 3, Feb. 29 and March 30 killed 11 al-Qaeda fighters

The military didn't disclose those attacks immediately in order to confuse militants and act swiftly on intelligence gathered at the sites, Air Force Col. Patrick Ryder, a Central Command spokesman, told reporters on Friday.

“Sometimes the chatter that comes after a strike allows us to collect more intelligence on adversaries to conduct future strikes,” Ryder said.

Meantime, in Iraq and Syria, the U.S.-led coalition continued to attack ISIL, hitting 25 targets, the military command in Baghdad announced Saturday. Those attacks came as Syrian troops advanced on Raqqa, the self-proclaimed capital of ISIL, and the suicide bombers struck in Iraq, killing 15 people in and around Baghdad.",1
2968,Who Lost Iraq?,"For a brief, happy—and misguided—moment, most Americans stopped thinking about Iraq. After withdrawing the last U.S. troops in 2011, President Barack Obama declared the country “sovereign, stable and self-reliant.” No such luck. Iraq plunged back into chaos as the Islamic State stormed the region last year, and the fall of Ramadi in May revived questions about how, and whether, the country can be salvaged.

As Americans try to understand what $2 trillion and nearly 4,500 American lives really accomplished, partisans are battling over how much blame falls on Obama, who left Iraq, and on President George W. Bush, who took us there. “If you fought in Iraq, it worked,” 2016 presidential candidate Lindsey Graham recently said. “It’s not your fault it’s going to hell. It’s Obama’s fault.” Naturally, Democrats see it differently: “This represents the failed policies that took us down this path 10 years ago,” House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi has said.

Who’s right? Could Iraq have remained stable if Obama had left behind a small troop contingent? Did Bush’s “surge” really stabilize the country? In June, Politico Magazine assembled a dozen experts—including veterans of both administrations from the State Department, White House, Pentagon and the CIA—and asked a simple question: Who lost Iraq? —Michael Crowley

Michael Crowley: Ambassador Khalilzad, you were in Iraq from 2005 to 2007. Describe the trajectory Iraq was on when you left, and the Iraq that Obama inherited when he was inaugurated in January 2009.

Zalmay Khalilzad: It was a very difficult period. Especially in the aftermath of the al-Askari Mosque bombing in 2006, the sectarian violence became front and center—a very large number of fatalities and causalities, both Shia and Sunni—and the rise of Al Qaeda in Iraq. We began a more concerted effort training Iraqi troops, which resulted in significant growth in their size and capabilities. The new Iraqi government led by Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki showed more willingness to use force against the Shia militias in Basra and Baghdad’s Sadr City. Additionally, the excesses committed by Al Qaeda in Iraq against the Sunni community was beginning to turn some Sunnis against them. With increased outreach to the Sunnis, we began to have significant numbers of them work with us.

There were still some issues unresolved—there was no oil law for the distribution of resources, there still was no reform of de-Baathification. These were self-inflicted wounds, if you like—mistakes we made, in my judgment, at the very beginning. But I think the Iraqis were heading in the right direction. You had a government that acquired greater national legitimacy. There was a greater Sunni participation in government compared to an earlier period. The level of violence, by the end of the Bush administration, was significantly down compared to 2006, early 2007.

We’re still talking about Iraq, but relatively speaking, I would say it was on a positive trajectory with some big issues still unresolved.

MC: Kim, tell us more about the security situation when President Obama arrived.

Kim Kagan: The security situation in Iraq was dramatically improved by operations conducted by surge troops—violence in Baghdad and in Iraq fell dramatically over the course of 2007. And in 2008, U.S. forces partnered with the Iraqi security forces, pushed AQI out of Baghdad, out of Diyala and all the way to Mosul, where the Al Qaeda elements were greatly reduced over time by follow-on operations and special forces operations. The Shia militias, which posed a threat to the sovereignty of the Iraqi government, had been greatly diminished by the operations that Prime Minister Maliki and U.S. forces undertook in 2008 and were no longer militarily viable within Iraq.

The two main threats to Iraqi state security had been significantly diminished by 2008 and over the course of 2009. Our U.S. forces were handing over security to Iraqi security forces, such that U.S. forces came out of the major cities of Iraq, and handed responsibility for those cities back to the Iraqi security forces. One of the principles behind the way that the U.S. had constructed its surge operations was that the U.S. had special tie-in capabilities that the Iraqi security forces did not have, because they were still growing, still developing skills. So clearing cities was something the U.S. did with Iraqi security forces’ support.

As those cities became more peaceful, as the population returned, as AQI left, the Iraqi security forces could handle the security environment in the urban centers. But AQI was not destroyed. It had not lost the will to fight. It was potentially reduced from an organization that had high-end terrorist capabilities that could threaten the state, to an insurgency, a group that had very limited capacity to act as a terrorist organization, but still had some will to fight, and still had some organization, some command and control left over, primarily in the Mosul area.

MC: John, what did the threat to the U.S. or western interests in the region emanating from Iraq look like at the time Obama took office?

John McLaughlin: If you go all the way back to 2008, the Arab Spring or Awakening was still years away. In 2008, Al Qaeda central was on the run but not defeated. We were still very much on guard against attacks on the United States; we were just two years after detecting the attempt by Al Qaeda-related people to put together an operation over the Atlantic out of London—the planes plot. So Al Qaeda in that period is still very dangerous but not particularly noteworthy insofar as its capability in Iraq was seen.

MC:  Ambassador Hill, you get to Iraq at the start of Obama’s first term. What does that Iraq look like—is it on a trajectory to a place where it can stand on its own?

Chris Hill: There was perhaps more optimism than the facts might have justified. For example, there was a view that somehow Maliki had gotten in the saddle, that he understood the need for outreach to the various groups and was prepared to continue the payments to the so-called Sons of Iraq. There was an overall kind of optimistic mood, but I must say, in talking to the Sunni leaders who were part of his cabinet, you certainly didn’t get the sense there was any reason to be optimistic. You certainly got the impression when you talked to people that it wasn’t going well. Going out to Anbar, for example, and talking to Sunni sheiks out there, they were all prepared to work together in a kind of all-in Sunni party, but you certainly didn’t get the impression they were cutting Baghdad any slack or cutting Maliki any slack.",1
3107,Pope Francis implores Congress to accept immigrants as their own,"Pope Francis, making history’s first papal address to the U.S. Congress, on Thursday implored America’s leaders to accept those born in other countries as their own children, urging lawmakers to set aside political differences and embrace people who “travel north in search of a better life.”

The pope wrapped traditional Catholic teachings into a celebration of American icons including Abraham Lincoln and Martin Luther King Jr., drawing lessons from their work to gently but firmly push Congress to move beyond the partisan paralysis that has blocked progress on immigration reform, climate change and other issues.

“Each son or daughter of a given country has a mission, a personal and social responsibility,” the 78-year-old pontiff said in heavily accented English. “Your own responsibility as members of Congress is to enable this country, by your legislative activity, to grow as a nation.”

President Obama watched the speech on television, according to White House press secretary Josh Earnest. “Pope Francis made the appropriate observation for the United States to live up to the high standards that we set for ourselves,” Earnest said.

[LIVE UPDATES: The latest on Pope Francis in America]

The Capitol Hill call to action kicked off a second full day of gleeful crowds and emotional visits to Catholic institutions. The faithful gathered at the Apostolic Nunciature, or Vatican embassy, to greet the pope when he emerged. More lined the streets as his motorcade traveled to the Capitol, where thousands waited on the Mall to watch his speech on giant screens.

After his address to Congress, the pope went directly from the grandeur of Capitol Hill to the spare St. Patrick’s Catholic Church in a neighborhood that has flipped over the past decade from marginalized to magnet. He prayed with people who variously wore suits and torn T-shirts, and he blessed the meals of more than 300 homeless people.

Upon arrival at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York, the pope traveled by helicopter and motorcade to a very different St. Patrick’s, the soaring cathedral on Manhattan’s Fifth Avenue, for an evening service.

There, the pontiff began his homily by expressing “my sentiments of closeness” with Muslims after the tragic stampede that killed more than 700 pilgrims near Mecca on Thursday, the first day of Eid al-Adha, one of the holiest Muslim holidays. “I unite myself with all prayers to Almighty God, the merciful,” he said.

He spoke directly to nuns and women in the church, saying, “What would the church be without you?” He also referenced the clergy sex scandal for the second time on this visit, lamenting “the shame” caused by “brothers who harmed and scandalized the church in the most vulnerable of her members.”

The pontiff will carry his message to world leaders Friday when he speaks at a meeting of the United Nations General Assembly.

In his speech to Congress, Francis crafted an address saturated in American references, with special praise for the nation’s role as “a land which has inspired so many people to dream.”

He was pointed at times, urging the abolition of the death penalty and the end of arms trading, and warning of the dangers of religious extremism worldwide. And he was oblique at points, never directly mentioning abortion or the United States’ rapid embrace of same-sex marriage, saying only that the family is being threatened and that “fundamental relationships are being called into question, as is the very basis of marriage and the family.”

He saved his most specific prescription for combating climate change, a cause on which he said the United States has a special obligation to lead.

“I call for a courageous and responsible effort to redirect our steps, and to avert the most serious effects of the environmental deterioration caused by human activity,” the pope said. “I am convinced that we can make a difference — I’m sure. And I have no doubt that the United States — and this Congress — have an important role to play. Now is the time for courageous actions and strategies.”

The pope, who helped broker a diplomatic opening with Cuba, offered himself and his example as a pastoral link between opposing points of view. “It is my duty to build bridges and to help all men and women, in any way possible, to do the same,” he said. “A good political leader is one who, with the interests of all in mind, seizes the moment in a spirit of openness and pragmatism.”

Although members of Congress largely avoided the ostentatious displays of partisan cheering that have come to characterize the president’s annual State of the Union addresses, an ideological divide was apparent at times. In response to Francis’s passage about climate change, Democrats mostly stood and cheered, while some Republicans stayed seated and applauded mildly, if at all.

But the response to the pope’s passionate words about embracing immigrants seemed to strike a bipartisan chord. Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.), a presidential candidate and son of Cuban immigrants, wiped away tears as the pope called himself “the son of immigrants.”

[Pope Francis: ‘I always was interested in politics’]

Pope Francis tempered his call for action with a statement of support for the role that business plays in society, calling it “a noble vocation, directed to producing wealth and improving the world.”

“The creation and distribution of wealth,” he said, is a vital element in the fight against poverty and climate change.

Those looking for signs of this pope’s political direction could find evidence in the speech’s repeated references to a pantheon of liberal heroes, from Dorothy Day, who dedicated her life to a battle against poverty and war, to Thomas Merton, whose “Letters to a White Liberal,” written in 1963, urged Christians to follow their faith and join the fight for civil rights for black Americans.

The pope praised King for his focus on “liberty in plurality and non-exclusion,” Day for “social justice,” and Merton for “dialogue and openness to God.”

[6 reasons the pope’s speech could be awkward for some lawmakers]

Francis implored Congress to “reject a mind-set of hostility” and embrace the immigrants who come “to this land to pursue their dream of building a future in freedom.”

The pope, noting that many in Congress are also children of people who made the risky journey to America, said the nation must follow the golden rule and “treat others with the same passion and compassion with which we want to be treated.”

“We must not be taken aback by their numbers,” he said, “but rather view them as persons, seeing their faces and listening to their stories, trying to respond as best we can to their situation.”

Francis’s emphasis on immigrants is a matter of self-interest for a U.S. church that is rapidly becoming majority Latino. Parishes across the white Northeast are shuttered while many in the West and South are bursting with ­Spanish-language Masses.

That focus also dovetails with the major theme of his American trip so far, a series of reminders that his papacy is very much about renewing the church’s focus on the poor and the powerless. The pope this year opened a 30-­bedroom homeless shelter just steps from the Vatican. He had showers set up for homeless people in St. Peter’s Square, and he invited about 150 homeless people to a private viewing of the Sistine Chapel.

In New York, he will get a direct look at inner-city Catholic education when he visits a school in East Harlem and meets with immigrants and refugees. In Philadelphia, where he will end his U.S. visit, the pope will visit a prison to meet with inmates. In Washington, his visit at St. Patrick’s immediately — and pointedly — followed his hour in the majestic House chamber. The plain sanctuary of the 220-year-old downtown church was filled with people who need basic life services. But as Francis noted, “In prayer, there is no first or second class.”

“I need your prayers, your support,” the pontiff said, standing at a simple wooden podium before a reverentially silent flock. “Would you like to pray together?”

The hush broke like the uncorking of a bottle: “Yes!”

Americans are largely supportive of the pope’s engagement on economic, social and environmental issues. But American Catholics, who make up about one-fifth of the U.S. electorate, remain deeply divided over their church’s directives.

[Poll: Americans love this pope. His church? Not as much]

One Catholic congressman, Rep. Paul A. Gosar (R-Ariz.), skipped the pope’s appearance to protest Francis’s advocacy for strong action against global climate change and what Gosar sees as the pope’s failure to speak out “with moral authority against violent Islam.”

The many lawmakers who were inside the chamber on Thursday emerged with bipartisan agreement that the pope’s central message was simple: Just get along.

On the Capitol lawn, many of those who watched the pope’s congressional address on giant video screens came away convinced that Congress should — but probably won’t — take his message to heart.

“I was not expecting him to address the bipartisan divide,” said Emily Warn, 62, a writer from Seattle. “It’s as if he was trying to heal Congress.”

In a country where the old-line Catholic population is diminishing because many families are having fewer children — though a wave of Hispanic immigrants is partly making up for that decline in numbers — the pope spoke to young Catholics, especially those who are “disoriented and aimless, trapped in a hopeless maze of violence, abuse and despair.”

They will have children, he said, only if the nation provides them with a greater sense of “possibilities for the future.”

After the address, Francis walked through the Capitol’s second floor to Statuary Hall and paused at the statue of Junípero Serra, the California missionary whom he had canonized on Wednesday.

The pontiff then joined Vice President Biden, House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) and other congressional leaders on the speaker’s balcony overlooking the West Front of the Capitol, greeting an enthusiastic crowd that numbered in the thousands. He said a few words of thanks in Spanish and then, to great cheers, switched to English: “Thank you very much, and God bless America!”

Sarah Pulliam Bailey, DeNeen L. Brown, Pamela Constable, Jessica Contrera, Ed O’Keefe, Michael E. Ruane and Kelsey Snell contributed to this report.",1
1284,"Poll: Trump gains in Iowa, still dominates in New Hampshire","With just over a week until the first 2016 election contest, Donald Trump takes the lead in Iowa -- and maintains his big advantage in New Hampshire.

That’s according to the latest round of Fox News state polls on the Republican presidential nomination contest.

CLICK HERE TO READ THE IOWA POLL RESULTS

CLICK HERE TO READ THE NEW HAMPSHIRE POLL RESULTS

Trump bests Ted Cruz in Iowa and now receives 34 percent support among Republican caucus-goers.  Trump was at 23 percent in the Fox News Poll two weeks ago (January 4-7).

Cruz is second with 23 percent -- down a touch from 27 percent.  Marco Rubio comes in third with 12 percent, down from 15 percent.  No others garner double-digit support.

Among caucus-goers who identify as “very” conservative, Cruz was up by 18 points over Trump earlier this month.  Now they each receive about a third among this group (Cruz 34 percent vs. Trump 33 percent).

There’s been a similar shift among white evangelical Christians.  Cruz’s 14-point advantage is now down to a 2-point edge.

A lot has happened in the intervening two weeks.  Fox Business Network hosted a Republican debate where Trump questioned Cruz’s eligibility to be president, and Cruz attacked Trump’s liberal “New York values.”  On Tuesday, Gov. Terry Branstad urged his fellow Iowans to vote against Cruz because of his opposition to ethanol -- and former Vice-Presidential candidate Sarah Palin endorsed Trump.

Republican pollster Daron Shaw says, “We tend to over-interpret every little thing in a presidential race, but here we actually have solid evidence Trump didn't just win last week in Iowa -- he won it by enough to put some distance between himself and Cruz.”  Shaw conducts the Fox News Poll with Democratic pollster Chris Anderson.

But a lot can change before Iowans caucus February 1.

A third of Republican caucus-goers say they may change their mind (33 percent).  Even one in four Trump supporters says they may ultimately go with another candidate (25 percent).

Cruz tops the list when GOP caucus-goers are asked their second-choice candidate.  When first and second-choice preferences are combined, it’s extremely tight between Trump (48 percent) and Cruz (45 percent).

That’s because 20 percent of Iowa Republican caucus-goers are so negative on Trump they say they would “refuse” to vote for him over the Democrat in November, while fewer say the same of Cruz (11 percent).  Another 14 percent say they would stay home if the nominee is Jeb Bush.

Here’s how the rest of the field stands:  Ben Carson is at 7 percent, Rand Paul is at 6 percent, Bush and Chris Christie each get 4 percent, Mike Huckabee, John Kasich and Rick Santorum tie at 2 percent, and Carly Fiorina gets 1 percent.

More than a third who say they will attend a Republican caucus this year have never gone before (38 percent).  Many of these first-time attendees, 43 percent, are supporting Trump, while 19 percent favor Cruz and 14 percent Rubio.  The poll can’t predict how many from this group will actually show up.

Among just those Republicans who have caucused before, it’s a 3-point race:  Trump 28 percent vs. Cruz 25 percent.  Another 10 percent go for Rubio.

True conservative values is the top characteristic GOP caucus-goers want in their party’s nominee (27 percent), closely followed by telling it like it is (24 percent) and being a strong leader (23 percent).  Those traits outrank nominating someone who can win in November (9 percent) or has the right experience (7 percent).

Unlike Iowa, there has been little movement in the New Hampshire Republican race. Trump continues to garner more than twice the support of his nearest competitors.

The Fox News poll shows Trump at 31 percent (down 2 points), Cruz at 14 percent (up 2 points) and Rubio at 13 percent (down 2 points).

Kasich is at 9 percent, Bush and Christie each receive 7 percent, Carson and Paul tie at 5 percent, while Fiorina gets 3 percent, and Huckabee 1 percent.

Despite dominating the NH race, Trump also tops the list as the nominee who would make Republicans stay home in November:  26 percent say they would refuse to vote for Trump against the Democrat.  Fifteen percent say the same of Bush, 14 percent feel that way about Cruz, and 12 percent about Rubio.

Over half of likely Republican primary voters in the Granite State say they are certain to vote for their candidate, while 36 percent could still shift their support.

Granite Staters also want slightly different traits in their nominee than their Iowa counterparts.  NH GOP primary voters want a strong leader (27 percent) and someone who tells it like it is (21 percent) more than a nominee who has true conservative values (15 percent), is electable (13 percent), or has the right experience (12 percent).

The Fox News Poll is conducted under the joint direction of Anderson Robbins Research (D) and Shaw & Company Research (R).  These polls were conducted January 18-21, 2016, by telephone (landline and cellphone) with live interviewers.

The New Hampshire poll was among a sample of 801 registered voters selected from a statewide voter file.  Results based on the sample of 401 Republican primary voters have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus five percentage points.

In Iowa, the poll was among a sample of 801 registered voters selected from a statewide voter file.  Results based on the sample of 378 Republican caucus-goers have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus five percentage points.",1
2989,Rand Paul Goes on Senate Floor to Protest NSA Spying Measure,"Congress faces a June 1 deadline for the law's expiration, and Paul's speech underscored the deep divisions over the National Security Agency's (NSA's) bulk collection of Americans' phone records, which was revealed by former contractor Edward Snowden.

""There comes a time in the history of nations when fear and complacency allow power to accumulate and liberty and privacy to suffer,"" the Kentucky senator said at 1:18 p.m. EDT when he took to the Senate floor. ""That time is now, and I will not let the Patriot Act, the most unpatriotic of acts, go unchallenged.""

He finished at 11:49 p.m., having not sat for more than 10 hours.

The House overwhelmingly passed a bill to end the bulk collection and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Kentucky, has said the Senate will act on the issue before beginning a Memorial Day recess scheduled for week's end.

But McConnell, along with presidential hopefuls Sens. Marco Rubio, R-Florida, and Lindsey Graham, R-South Carolina, favors extending the law. Final congressional approval of the bill before the deadline is no certainty.

Paul plunged into a lengthy speech declaring the Patriot Act unconstitutional and opposing renewal of the program. With a hefty binder at his desk, he spelled out his objections, occasionally allowing Republican and Democratic senators to pose questions and getting support from a handful of House members seated at the back of the chamber.

""I don't think we're any safer looking at every American's records,"" Paul said.

Paul's campaign sent out a fundraising appeal while his longstanding opposition to bulk collection, a pillar of his campaign, stirred social media.

Throughout the night, several Democratic senators and a few Republicans gave his voice occasional breaks by speaking several minutes to ostensibly ask him questions. Paul kept control by yielding for questions without ""yielding the floor,"" and by not sitting.

The surveillance issue has divided Republicans and Democrats, cutting across party lines and pitting civil libertarians concerned about privacy against more hawkish lawmakers fearful about losing tools to combat terrorism.

As Paul made his case, a Justice Department memo circulated on Capitol Hill warning lawmakers that the NSA will have to begin winding down its bulk collection of Americans' phone records by the end of the week if Congress fails to reauthorize the Patriot Act.

""After May 22, 2015, the National Security Agency will need to begin taking steps to wind down the bulk telephone metadata program in anticipation of a possible sunset in order to ensure that it does not engage in any unauthorized collection or use of the metadata,"" the department said.

If Congress fails to act, several key provisions of the law would expire, including the bulk collection; a provision allowing so-called roving wiretaps, which the FBI uses for criminals who frequently switch cellphones; and a third that makes it easier to obtain a warrant to target a ""lone wolf"" terror suspect who has no provable links to a terrorist organization.

Last week, the House backed the USA Freedom Act, which would replace bulk collection with a system to search the data held by telephone companies on a case-by-case basis. The vote was 338-88, and House Republican and Democratic leaders have insisted the Senate act on their bill.

But McConnell and several other top Republicans prefer to simply reauthorize the post-Sept. 11 law. McConnell has agreed to allow a vote on the House bill, but has indicated there may not be enough votes to pass it in the Senate.

The Justice Department also said that if Congress allows the law to expire and then passes legislation to reauthorize it when lawmakers return to Washington the week of June 1, it would ""be effective in making the authorities operative again, but may expose the government to some litigation risk in the event of legal challenge.""

The White House backs the House bill and has pressed for the Senate to approve the legislation and send it to President Barack Obama for his signature.

The House bill is the result of outrage among Republicans and Democrats after Snowden's revelations about the NSA program.

Although Paul called his action a filibuster, it technically fell short of Senate rules since the bill the Senate was considering was trade, not the Patriot Act.",1
3866,Obama Details His Disappointment With Netanyahu In First Post-Election Comments,"The president's comments cap a geopolitical backlash sparked by Netanyahu's statement on Monday that a Palestinian state would not be established on his watch. The Israeli prime minister has since insisted that he remains open to a two-state solution under very specific, restrictive conditions. But the damage appears to have been done, with the White House offering only the most perfunctory of diplo-speak to obscure its frustrations.

""We indicated that that kind of rhetoric was contrary to what is the best of Israel's traditions. That although Israel was founded based on the historic Jewish homeland and the need to have a Jewish homeland, Israeli democracy has been premised on everybody in the country being treated equally and fairly,"" said Obama. ""And I think that that is what's best about Israeli democracy. If that is lost, then I think that not only does it give ammunition to folks who don't believe in a Jewish state, but it also I think starts to erode the meaning of democracy in the country.""

In his first public comments on Tuesday's elections in Israel, Obama's deepest discomfort was saved for Netanyahu's Election Day warning about Arab Israeli voters going to the polls ""in droves.""

Though he pledged to keep working with the Israeli government on military and intelligence operations, Obama declined to say whether the United States would continue to block Palestinian efforts to secure statehood through the United Nations. In a phone conversation the two had on Thursday, he said he indicated to Netanyahu that ""it is going to be hard to find a path where people are seriously believing that negotiations are possible.""

""We take him at his word when he said that it wouldn't happen during his prime ministership, and so that's why we've got to evaluate what other options are available to make sure that we don't see a chaotic situation in the region,"" the president said in an interview with The Huffington Post on Friday.

WASHINGTON -- President Barack Obama is operating under the assumption that Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu does not support the creation of a Palestinian state, despite the Israeli leader's post-election efforts to recast himself as amenable to a two-state solution.

Besides the pressing international matters, Obama also discussed challenges on the domestic front. In forceful terms, he chastised Senate Republicans for holding up his attorney general nominee , Loretta Lynch, and encouraged Democrats to buck demands that they first pass a human trafficking bill with a controversial anti-abortion provision.

""Our goal,"" he added, ""is to get this done in a matter of weeks, not months.""

Negotiators took a hiatus for the observation of Nowruz, the Iranian New Year. The president on Friday encouraged everybody involved to use that time to grow more ""comfortable with the current positions that are being taken.""

Standing in the way of that final deal, according to recent reports, are lingering disputes over limits on new types of centrifuges that Iran wants to develop and the pace of international sanctions relief to be given to the country after a deal is struck.

""Frankly,"" he said, ""they have not yet made the kind of concessions that are I think going to be needed for a final deal to get done. But they have moved, and so there's the possibility.""

While he expressed worry about the strain that Netanyahu had placed on Israel's democratic fabric, Obama did not see the Israeli prime minister's electoral victory as having a tangible impact on current negotiations over Iran's nuclear program. With just days to go before those talks between Iran, the U.S. and five other countries are scheduled to wrap, Obama offered a markedly sober assessment about the prospects for a deal.

An even bigger fight between the parties could be on the political horizon. The president flatly said that he would not sign an appropriations bill to fund the government if it did not alleviate the spending cuts brought about by sequestration. With spending cuts set to return in October 2015, his declaration ups the ante for lawmakers and portends another government shutdown showdown.

""I’ve been very clear. We are not going to have a situation where, for example, our education spending goes back to its lowest level since the year 2000,"" said Obama. ""We can’t do that to our kids, and I’m not going to sign it.""

Even without Congress' input, there are initiatives that Obama can pursue during his closing year-and-a-half in office. During the roughly 25-minute interview in the White House Cabinet Room, he said that two major ones will be coming.

""Relatively soon,"" Obama said, he will be raising the annual salary threshold at which companies are required to pay overtime to employees who work more than 40 hours a week. The president didn't tip his hand as to how much he would lift the current level of $23,600.

In addition, Obama said he would be exercising his pardon and clemency powers ""more aggressively for people who meet the criteria."" There has been ongoing criticism that he has utilized those powers less than many of his predecessors.

One place where Obama will not go in the closing months of his second term is back to the negotiating table over a ""grand bargain"" on long-term deficit or debt reduction. Despite Republican criticism that a crisis still looms, he insisted that the times allow for a different approach

""The truth is, is that circumstances changed,"" said Obama, when asked why he no longer highlights issues like entitlement reform. ""At that time, we were seeing significantly higher deficits, and the economy was just beginning to grow. We now know that we’ve got strong growth.""

His unwillingness to re-open those talks he had in 2010 and 2011 isn't indicative of some ideological drift, he added. Asked if he'd become a more progressive president over time -- as recent comments from his former top adviser Dan Pfeiffer indicated -- the president answered, emphatically, ""No.""

""What we have done,"" Obama said, ""is consistently looked for additional opportunities to get stuff done. ... By hook or by crook, we're going to make sure that when I leave this office, that the country is more prosperous, more people have opportunity, kids have a better education, we're more competitive, climate change is being taken more seriously than it was, and we are actually trying to do something about it. Those are going to be the measures by which I look back and say whether I've been successful as president.""",1
4796,Reality Check: First Clinton v Trump presidential debate,"The first televised presidential debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump was a bonanza for fact checkers. Here are some of the candidates' statements and how they compare with the facts.

Claim: Donald Trump repeated his insistence that he was against the 2003 invasion of Iraq, claiming Clinton's assertions to the contrary were ""mainstream media nonsense put out by her"".

Reality Check verdict: Trump did not publicly speak out against the war before it started. On 11 September 2002, radio host Howard Stern asked Trump if he supported a potential invasion of Iraq. He replied: ""Yeah, I guess so"". During the debate, he tried to explain that away by saying the comment had been made ""lightly"". He said he had been arguing in private, to Fox News's Sean Hannity, that war would destabilise the Middle East, but we have no evidence to support that so far. He did start to express doubts after the invasion.

Claim: Clinton attacked Trump over his boasts about his business acumen. ""You know, Donald was very fortunate in his life and that's all to his benefit,"" Clinton said. ""He started his business with $14m, borrowed from his father.""

Reality Check verdict: Trump says he received a $1m loan from his real estate mogul father. He also got loan guarantees and money from his future inheritance and inherited a share of his father's property holdings.

Claim: Trump alleged that Clinton called the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal the ""gold standard"" of trade agreements. Clinton denied this but added: ""I did say I hoped it would be a good deal.""

Reality Check verdict: We give this one to Trump. Clinton did more than express hope that the deal would turn out well and in a 2012 trip to Australia said it would be the ""gold standard"": ""This TPP sets the gold standard in trade agreements to open free, transparent, fair trade, the kind of environment that has the rule of law and a level playing field.""

Claim: Clinton said: ""People have looked at both of our plans, have concluded that mine would create 10 million jobs and yours would lose us 3.5 million jobs.""

Reality Check verdict: Clinton has made this claim before. It is based on an optimistic reading of a report by Moody's Analytics, which says that most of the 10 million new jobs would be created anyway by an expanding economy. If all of Clinton's economic policies became law - which the report says is unlikely - they would account for 3.2 million of the 10 million jobs. The same company analysed Trump's plans and suggested they would tip the US into recession and lead to 3.5 million job losses - something strongly disputed by the Trump campaign.

But the two reports cover different time frames. The author Mark Zandi told CNN Money a more accurate comparison to the 10 million jobs created under Clinton would be 400,000 jobs lost under Trump, not 3.4 million.

Claim: Trump has frequently tried to blame the rise of Islamic State militants on Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. This is his latest attempt.

Reality Check verdict: Possibly the strangest claim of the night. Clinton is 68 years old. The so-called Islamic State can trace its roots back to 1999, although it did not start referring to itself as the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) until 2013. Read more here.

Claim: Clinton accused Trump of calling calling climate change a hoax invented by the Chinese. He insisted ""I did not say that"".

Reality Check verdict: This claim relates to a 2012 tweet which Trump later said was a joke. He said: ""The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make US manufacturing non-competitive.""

Claim: Clinton said race determines how people are treated in the criminal justice system.

Reality Check verdict: This is a tough one to prove as there are no figures on the percentage of crimes that result in arrest. What we do know is that black people are locked up five times more frequently than white people. African-American people make up about 13% of the United States population. White people make up 64%. But black people make up 40% of the prison population, and white people 39%. It does not mean that black people, who tend to live more in urban, heavily policed areas, are five times as likely to commit crime however.

Clinton also claimed that African American men are more likely to be killed by guns than other demographics, something that is largely borne out by the statistics.

Claim: Murders in New York city are up.

Reality Check verdict: As so often with crime statistics it depends how you slice it. The murder rate in New York city is close to record lows but did increase slightly between 2014 and 2015, according to FBI figures. But the very latest figures from the New York Police Department show murder rates are down 4% on 2015.

Murder rates across the US as a whole went up 10.8% in 2015, the biggest single-year percentage jump since 1971, with a big spike in a handful of cities including Chicago, Washington DC and Baltimore.

Trump also claimed that ""stop and frisk"" tactics ""worked very well in New York"" and brought crime rates down. This is hotly disputed by researchers and commentators . Violent crime rates have continued to decline in New York, as part of a long term trend, even though the number of ""stop and frisk"" searches has gone down dramatically in recent years. Research by Jeffrey Fagan of Columbia University found indiscriminate searches had little effect on crime, although his research also found crime was reduced when police stopped and frisked civilians after observing someone acting violently, selling drugs or ""casing a joint"".

Claim: Trump says he can't release his tax returns because he is in the middle of a tax audit. He also says publishing them would not reveal much.

Clinton suggests he will never publish them as they might reveal he is not as rich as he says he is, does not pay Federal tax and does not give as much to charity as claimed.

Reality Check verdict: Being audited by the Internal Revenue Service does not prohibit the release of tax returns. They would reveal Trump's annual income, how much he pays in tax and how much he gives to charity. Trump claims he has given $102m to charity in the past five years, but a Washington Post investigation could not find any cash donated by Trump's businesses after 2008. Trump's actual wealth has been assessed by Forbes at $4.5bn, compared with the $10bn he claims.

Interestingly, Trump has never provided evidence that he is actually under audit by the tax authorities. According to Associated Press, a letter released by his tax lawyers never used the word, merely describing his tax returns as under continuous review.",1
961,John Kasich’s Advice for Women to Prevent Sexual Assault: Avoid Parties “Where There’s a Lot of Alcohol”,"Ohio governor John Kasich, who is still running for president, effectively reminded the public of his continued presence in the Republican presidential race on Friday by making a rather regressive comment about how women could avoid being sexually assaulted.

“Don’t go to parties where there’s a lot of alcohol,” Kasich suggested during an appearance at St. Lawrence University, in Canton, New York, when a female student asked how he would tackle sexual violence at colleges and universities. Kasich, a millennial in an older man’s body, provided several policy answers—increase access to rape kits and confidential reporting, for instance—and then provided that “one bit of advice.”

Recognizing within minutes that he might have stepped in it, the Kasich Twitter feed went hastily into damage control mode:

This isn’t the first time that Kasich has made awkward comments about women this week. On Tuesday, he was baffled during a town hall when a young woman asked him about social security, responding, “Did someone tell you to ask that question?” (Her response: “No, I think for myself.”)

Not surprisingly, Kasich has a history of making regularly cringeworthy comments about women. His greatest hits include telling a female questioner at a town hall “I don’t have any tickets for Taylor Swift,” and bragging about how women “left their kitchens” to vote for him in Ohio. In February, he signed a bill defunding Planned Parenthood, and in 2013, he signed a gag rule into law that cut funding for rape crisis centers that provided information about abortion services.

Women may not all love John Kasich, but John Kasich loves them. “Are you available?” he asked one woman who stood up to ask a question at a campaign event earlier this month. “You look great tonight.” Right on schedule, governor.",1
273,The system set Boehner up for failure,"On Friday, Speaker John Boehner announced that he will resign from the speakership and the US House at the end of October. Here, the Mischiefs of Faction writers offer their quick reactions.

I think Boehner's resignation is more notable for when it occurred than for that it occurred. He had been speaker or minority leader for almost a decade, and clearly no longer relished his job. I think that the next speaker will face the same obstacles that confronted Boehner, particularly a ""no compromise"" faction of conservatives. They cannot be satisfied with policy substance, since they mostly care about tactical extremism. They have also made it clear that they have little interest in the sort of ""pork barrel"" politics that members traditionally have seen as a means to reelection.

I don't think this situation will change until there is a Republican in the White House, since the Tea Partiers object to the slightest accommodation of President Obama or any Democratic successor. There's also a whole industry now devoted to feeding conservatives' belief that their leadership has sold them out. This includes talk radio, bloggers, and groups such as Heritage Action. Perhaps a leader with a warmer relationship with movement conservatives might be a more effective speaker. I'm skeptical that much will change soon.

John Boehner has finally decided to take his ball and go home. Of course, I understand why he is resigning: The House GOP is ungovernable right now. Thus, while it is an understandable decision, it is not a ""selfless"" one, as several members have described it. No, this is Boehner's coup de grace, executed with deftness. Now free to rely on Democratic votes when necessary, he will be able to keep the government open. In the same way, he might be able to pass other legislation in the next month. More importantly, he presents his fractured caucus with a parting ""gift"" of their own making: selecting their next leader. Beyond the obvious question of who will be the next speaker (probably Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy of California), really interesting questions raised by Boehner's decision include how the process will work out: Will other Republicans step forward and challenge McCarthy for the job? Will the GOP caucus ultimately come together behind a single candidate? If not, what will the Democrats do? As unexpected and exciting as today's surprise announcement is, this is probably going to get much more interesting before all is said and done.

John Boehner's resignation as speaker of the House is a good illustration of how American political parties are strong and how they are not. US political parties are not strong in the top-down sense. Neither presidents nor congressional leaders have a lot of control over backbenchers in their parties. The main reason is that these leaders don't control party nominations. While parties have become ""stronger"" since the 1970s, they have become stronger from the bottom up, not the top down.

Presidents don't have much better ability to force legislators to do what they want now (when party line votes are the norm) than they did in the 1950s, '60s, and '70s (when party line votes were rarer). What changed? The power to shape legislative behavior comes from the bottom up. Not just from ordinary voters (although those are influential), but also from organized interest groups and wealthy donors in the legislator's district and in their party's national constituency. These factions are what really influence legislators and create party unity, not their party leaders in Washington.

So why is there so much party unity now, when there wasn't in the 1970s? Now the parties are sorted ideologically. All the legislators who come from conservative districts and are backed by conservative interests groups are Republicans, while all those from liberal districts and backed by liberal interest groups are Democrats. So, unlike the 1970s, a party leader now presides over an ideologically unified caucus that usually votes together. Yet that doesn't mean that he or she has much more direct power over them than leaders did in the decades after World War II.

Speakers' jobs were actually more secure in the post–World War II era when they led ideologically diverse parties and party control rarely changed hands. The last speaker of the House to retire by choice because of age was Tip O'Neill, who left in 1986. All subsequent speakers have left because of internal party revolts, personal scandals, or electoral disappointments. It is a challenging job, because while US political parties are strong, the power largely does not rest in the congressional leadership. Politicians are loyal to their parties' voters and organized factions, not to their legislative leaders in DC.

The longstanding tension within congressional parties is that legislators need to cooperate with their parties to accomplish their shared goals, but to do so they must overcome the inherent diversity of American parties.

Since 2010, the House GOP has provided a brilliant demonstration of this tension. The rules of the House, and the Republican conference, provided Boehner with a great deal of power. But his ""majority"" included a sizable number of legislators who would not or could not cooperate with their party. They had campaigned against the party status quo. They promised not to vote for compromises. They promised outcomes they could not realistically achieve with a majority in one chamber (e.g. repealing Obamacare). They feared a primary challenge from the right more than losing to a Democrat.

It is likely that the next speaker will suffer from the same challenge because the challenge is systemic. The best chance to end the cycle, however, would be for the House GOP to select someone who is trusted by the Tea Party faction both inside and outside of Congress, so that when s/he says, ""That's a stupid strategy that will fail, resulting in a drop in the polls and a humiliating acceptance of the Democrats' demands,"" they will actually trust the speaker.

The nationalization of congressional politics has changed what it means to try to lead a congressional party. What we like to call leadership — for speakers, for presidents, whatever — often amounts to reading the interests and preferences of different actors and figuring out how to bring them into a coalition to support policy that includes a little something for everyone. Pet projects and distribution of resources (that is, what we used to know as ""pork"") can help this process along. But if legislators' preferences are driven by national issues like defunding Planned Parenthood and opposing the president, then the job of coalition building becomes that much more challenging. Boehner may not have been the most talented legislative leader, but his problems, as Greg indicates, are also structural and systemic. And to the extent that they reflect the infusion of national — and often symbolic — issues into congressional elections, they may run deeper than the Tea Party-establishment split.

This post is part of Mischiefs of Faction, an independent political science blog featuring reflections on the party system. See more Mischiefs of Faction posts here.",1
3398,Gay marriage victory at Supreme Court triggering backlash,"Corrections and clarifications: An earlier version of this story misidentified the Alabama official leading efforts against same-sex marriage in the state. It is the state's chief justice.

WASHINGTON — When the Supreme Court declared a constitutional right to same-sex marriage last June, the man who won the leading case warned that opponents would find new ways to push back.

“We will have to continue the fight,” Jim Obergefell said then — and he was right.

For nearly a year, seesaw battles over religious exemptions and transgender rights have replaced what had been the gay rights movement's steady progress in winning protections against discrimination in states and cities. Legislative and legal skirmishes have been triggered by an intransigent Alabama chief justice and a defiant Kentucky county clerk, a Colorado baker and a Washington State florist, and most recently a conservative backlash that has traveled east from Texas to Mississippi to North Carolina.

""We never thought this had to do with just marriage,"" says Kristen Waggoner, senior vice president of legal advocacy at Alliance Defending Freedom, which represents many gay rights opponents in court. ""This is about more than marriage.”

It's also about more than bathrooms, although a North Carolina law that denies transgender people the right to use public restrooms corresponding to their gender identity has dominated the LGBT rights debate for the past two months:

Across the country, the gay rights movement has been met with local opposition — sometimes where it was least expected, such as Houston, which had three times elected a lesbian mayor. That has forced the movement back on the defensive less than a year after its greatest success: the Supreme Court's 5-4 decision in Obergefell v. Hodges that extended same-sex marriage nationwide.

“To some, this is the next front in the war,"" says David Stacy, government affairs director at the Human Rights Campaign, the nation's largest gay rights organization. “Some of the intensity on the other side, some of the emotional intensity, comes from that.”

Both sides in the battle say it's about individual rights — LGBT rights to live free from discrimination, and religious or moral rights to live free from government interference. It extends to education, employment and housing — and it may not be long before a lawsuit is headed back to the Supreme Court.

“I think this moment is going to be short-lived, but a lot of damage can be done in this moment,"" says Shannon Minter, legal director at the National Center for Lesbian Rights. “It will ultimately be up to the Supreme Court to decide whether Title VII (of the Civil Rights Act) and Title IX (of the Education Amendments Act) fully protect transgender people, and for that matter gay people.""

Justice Anthony Kennedy's historic ruling on same-sex marriage included a single paragraph warning of the war to come.

""The First Amendment ensures that religious organizations and persons are given proper protection as they seek to teach the principles that are so fulfilling and so central to their lives and faiths, and to their own deep aspirations to continue the family structure they have long revered,"" Kennedy conceded. ""The same is true of those who oppose same-sex marriage for other reasons.""

Those battles had begun long before the Supreme Court's decision. In states where same-sex marriage already was legal, merchants who refused to participate in gay and lesbian weddings based on religious objections were the targets of lawsuits. Most of them lost the early rounds and have appealed.

The first major sign of resistance after the high court's ruling came out of left field. Voters in Houston, where Mayor Annise Parker in 2010 became one of the first openly gay mayors of a major U.S. city, rejected a City Council-passed ordinance to protect residents based on characteristics that included sexual orientation and gender identity. The simple slogan: ""No Men in Women's Bathrooms.""

""They identified an opening and exploited it,"" says James Esseks, director of the American Civil Liberties Union's LGBT efforts.

Then this year, state legislatures in South Dakota, Georgia, Mississippi and North Carolina passed laws pushing back against LGBT rights. The bills were vetoed by Republican governors Dennis Daugaard in South Dakota and Nathan Deal in Georgia but signed by Mississippi's Phil Bryant and North Carolina's Pat McCrory.

Mississippi's law protects those who deny services based on religious objections to gay marriage or transgender people. North Carolina's prevents the state and its municipalities from establishing civil rights protections based on sexual orientation or gender identity.

""You're seeing an explosion of religious liberty legislation in the wake of Obergefell,"" says Mat Staver, chairman of Liberty Counsel, a conservative law firm and think tank involved in the effort. He calls it ""just the tip of the iceberg of what we will see as Obergefell begins to settle on the rest of the country.”

The fight reached the floor of the House of Representatives this month over an amendment intended to ban federal contractors from firing workers who are gay, lesbian, bisexual or transgender. The measure was blocked, then passed, then blocked again.

Beset by such conflicts, gay rights advocates have made little progress in the past year on their major post-gay marriage agenda: passing state laws protecting the LGBT community against discrimination in employment, housing and public accommodations.

Utah was the 22nd state to pass such a law in March 2015. Since then, gay rights activists have met a wall of opposition in the remaining 28 states, mostly led by Republican governors and legislatures.

“People are using Obergefell now to say 'I can get married on a Sunday, but then I can go into work and get fired on the next day,” says Travis Weber, director of the center for religious liberty at the conservative Family Research Council.

 Even so, he says, ""There’s a need to protect religious dissenters.”

The two sets of legal skirmishes — over religious exemptions and transgender rights — ""have made it difficult for us to move forward,"" Esseks says. He calls them ""responses to the reality of the freedom to marry nationwide.""

There have been some victories for LGBT rights. Last month, a federal appeals court in Richmond ruled in favor of a transgender boy's right to sue a Virginia school district over its bathroom policy. A handful of states, led by New York, have banned the use of controversial conversion therapy on minors.

“It’s not as though we’re not making any legislative progress. We are,"" Minter says. Even the prospect of passing non-discrimination laws in 'red' states, he says, ""is actually much less daunting after Obergefell than it was before.”

But energized by their loss at the Supreme Court last June, religious objectors are fighting back amidst a presidential election that has divided the country along geographical, ideological and cultural lines.

""What’s at stake right now is so much bigger than whether someone has to shower with someone of the opposite sex,” Waggoner says. ""I think Obergefell opened that door more broadly than it had been before. It not only jeopardizes religious freedom, but it jeopardizes all of our religious liberties.”",1
263,McCarthy drops out of speaker race as House asks: Who wants this job? (+video),"The speakership is one of the toughest jobs in Washington, especially when it includes trying to contain a Republican civil war.

Two Sunday attacks add to recent rise in fatal shootings of US police

House majority leader Kevin McCarthy (R) of California speaks during a new conference on Capitol Hill in Washington Thursday after dropping out of the race to replace House Speaker John Boehner.

Shortly after Republican Rep. Kevin McCarthy stunned Washington with another development in the race for speaker of the House – the front-runner announced Thursday that he was dropping out – names of new candidates began circulating.

Inevitably, the chatter quickly reached Rep. Paul Ryan (R) of Wisconsin – former vice presidential candidate, chairman of the powerful Ways and Means Committee, and budget hawk who many members believe is the person most capable of uniting the deeply divided and turbulent House Republican conference.

But Chairman Ryan promptly put down this second attempt to draft him. As his Texan GOP colleague, Rep. Blake Farenthold tweeted:

Can you blame him? The speakership is one of the toughest jobs in Washington – especially this speakership, which is tasked with trying to end or contain a Republican civil war in the chamber.

“It’s going to take a lot of gumption and a lot of finesse and talent to bridge the gap. So yeah, it’s a difficult chore that very few people are willing to take on,” Rep. Harold Rogers (R) of Kentucky told a scrum of reporters Thursday afternoon.

Just hours earlier, majority leader McCarthy, an affable Californian known for his listening skills and outreach, capitulated in the face of revolt from the hard-line House Freedom Caucus. Its 40 or so members were set to vote against him in secret balloting.

His unscripted comments about the political nature of the Benghazi special committee, which is calling Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton to testify later this month, also played a role in his decision, he said. McCarthy was attacked from all sides for that comment, from Democrats, Republicans, and the media, when he was tagged as a future speaker who can’t speak.

McCarthy was likely to survive the hard-liner defection Thursday, and win the majority support from his GOP conference needed to nominate him for the speakership. But it was not at all clear that he could win the 218 votes needed to elect the speaker on the House floor later this month.

Standing before cameras in the brightly lit marbled lobby of the Longworth House Office Building, his wife beside him, the leader capitulated. “We need a new face.… If we're going to be strong, we gotta be 100 percent united,"" he said.

“There’s too much anger,” McCarthy told Congressman Rogers, after taking himself out of the running at the closed-door balloting session, according to  Roll Call. The Washington Post reported members crying at the news.

“Who knows what’ll happen. People are crying, they don’t have any idea how this will unfold, at all,” Rep. Peter King (R) of New York, told the Post.

What most people see of the speakership is what shows up on television. But the job carries awesome responsibility: second in line to the presidency, manager of the Capitol complex, presiding officer of the House. And that’s the easy part.

Then there’s the role of chief messenger of your party, shaping the agenda, and trying to keep your members in line every day to cross the 218-vote threshold – the number of votes it takes to pass a bill in the 435-member body. And don’t forget incessant fundraising, which takes up most weekends. Oh, and negotiating with the White House and Senate.

Then add the “hell no” caucus of 40 to 50 right-wingers to this mix.

The hard-liners drove Speaker John Boehner (R) of Ohio to announce his early retirement for Oct. 30. In light of the decision of his No. 2 to withdraw, Speaker Boehner says he will stay on “until the House votes to elect a new speaker.” McCarthy says he is willing to stay on as leader. No date has been set for another leadership election.

Some Republicans want Boehner to finish out his term as a congressman and speaker.

“It’s a very difficult job and having someone like John Boehner there who has a lot of experience and has the courage to do what’s right … is a good thing,” says Rep. Carlos Curbelo (R) of Florida.

Congressman Curbelo, who describes the speakership as “more difficult than being the president,” says he doesn’t see any candidate from either party able to get 218 votes.

That hasn’t stopped new names from being floated, even while the other two candidates – Rep. Daniel Webster of Florida, backed by the Freedom Caucus, and Rep. Jason Chaffetz of Utah, the chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee – kept their hats in the ring.

Right-wingers were pleased to see McCarthy drop out. They see him as ""Boehner 2.0."" In a statement, the Freedom Caucus said it respects his decision to ""put the conference ahead of himself"" and said the next speaker ""needs to yield back power to the membership.""

The Republican caucus is going through a period of transition, says John Feehery, former spokesman to Dennis Hastert (R) of Illinois, the longest serving Republican speaker. McCarthy represented a new generation of leaders in the House, where nearly half of the members have served four years or less.

“They’re going to have to chart their own course and they’re going to have to figure out how the House works together, and they’re going to make mistakes,"" he says.

That’s one way to learn.",1
1242,"Democrats, Republicans in tight races as Iowans prepare to caucus","As Iowans prepare to cast the first votes in the presidential nominating process Monday, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders hoped to defy the polls and pull off upset victories in Monday night's caucuses.

After months of campaigning and more than $150 million spent on advertising, the race for supremacy in Iowa is close in both parties.

Among Republicans, the latest polls show real estate billionaire Donald Trump holding a slim edge over Cruz. Cruz, who became the first major candidate from either party to enter the presidential race 315 days ago, has pinned his hopes to a sophisticated get-out-the-vote operation. Cruz has also modeled his campaign after past Iowa winners, visiting all of the state's 99 counties and courting influential evangelical and conservative leaders.

""If you had told me 10 months ago that the day before the Iowa caucuses we'd be in a statistcal tie for first place I would have been thrilled and exhilarated,"" Cruz told Fox News late Sunday.

The Republican caucus is also the first test of whether Trump can turn the legion of fans drawn to his plainspoken populism into voters. The scope of the billionaire's organization in Iowa is a mystery, though Trump himself has intensified his campaign schedule during the final sprint, including a pair of rallies Monday.

 

 ""I don't have to win it,"" Trump said on CBS' “Face the Nation"" Sunday. ""I'm doing really well with the evangelicals in Iowa. But I'm also doing tremendously well all over the country with the evangelicals. … I think we have a good chance of winning Iowa.""

By contrast, Cruz told Fox News, ""We're not finding Trump's troops on the ground. ‎They don't have an organization that is perceptible.""

Cruz has also spent the closing days of the Iowa campaign focused on Marco Rubio, trying to ensure the Florida senator doesn't inch into second place. Rubio is viewed by many Republicans as a more mainstream alternative to Trump and Cruz, though he'll need to stay competitive in Iowa in order to maintain his viability.



On the Democratic side, Sanders has rallied to close a 40-point polling deficit against former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, reviving memories of her disappointing showing in Iowa eight years ago.

""Stick with me,"" Clinton said as she rallied supporters Sunday in Council Bluffs. ""Stick with a plan. Stick with experience.""

Sanders, whose crowds have been large and generally younger than Clinton's, urged voters to help him ""make history"". In a show of financial strength, Sanders' campaign announced Sunday it had raised $20 million in January alone. While Sanders has a large team in Iowa, his operation got off to a later start, particularly compared with Clinton, who has had staff on the ground in the state for nearly a year.

""I think we have a shot to win it, if people come out,"" Sanders told ABC's ""This Week."" The self-described democratic socialist's message that the U.S. economy is “rigged” against the middle class has appeared to resonate with an electorate that has grown frustrated with Washington and given rise to insurgent candidates like Sanders and Trump.

 

 The campaigns were anxiously keeping an eye on the weather, but a snowfall forecast to start Monday night appeared more likely to hinder the hopefuls in their rush out of Iowa than any potential voters. Republican John Kasich already had decamped to New Hampshire Sunday, with New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush scheduled to follow Monday afternoon, hours before the caucuses start.

The trio of governors has had a light footprint in Iowa, banking instead on strong showings in New Hampshire's Feb. 9 primary to jumpstart their White House bids. Yet some Republican leaders worry that if Trump or Cruz pull off a big victory in Iowa, it would be difficult to slow their momentum.



Unlike in primaries, where voters can cast their ballots throughout the day, the caucuses begin across Iowa at 7 p.m. CST.

Democrats will gather at 1,100 locations and Republicans at nearly 900 spots.



Turnout was expected to be high. The Iowa Republican Party expected GOP turnout to top the previous record of 120,000 people in 2012. Democrats also expect a strong turnout, though not nearly as large as the record-setting 240,000 people who caucused in the 2008 contest between Clinton, Barack Obama and John Edwards.



Iowa has decidedly mixed results in picking the parties' eventual nominees. The past two Republican caucus winners -- former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee and former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum -- faded as the race stretched on. But Obama's unexpected 2008 victory was instrumental in his path to the nomination, easing the anxieties of those who worried the young black senator would struggle to win white voters.



While both parties caucus on the same night, they do so with different rules.



Republicans vote by private ballot. The state's 30 Republican delegates are awarded proportionally based on the statewide vote.



Democrats take a more interactive approach, with voters forming groups and publicly declaring their support for a candidate. If the number of people in any group is fewer than 15 percent of the total, they can either choose not to participate or can join another viable candidate's group.



Those numbers are awarded proportionately, based on statewide and congressional district voting, as Iowa Democrats determine their 44 delegates to the national convention.

 

 Fox News Channel's Carl Cameron and the Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2840,Iran: Why the best outcome now is to keep negotiating without reaching a deal,"

 Another deadline lapsed Thursday in the seemingly endless negotiations over Iran’s nuclear weapons programs.  From Vienna Secretary of State John Kerry warned ""if the tough decisions don’t get made, we are absolutely prepared to call an end to this process.”  That would be a mistake.  We should instead keep negotiating without reaching a deal — it’s the best outcome available now.

Iran’s inability to say yes to several very good deals it has been offered suggests the negotiations may be a satisfactory end in itself for the government of Iran.  They have already achieved some sanctions relief.  They get the stature of being Secretary of State Kerry’s full-time job.  Their regional enemies are publicly feuding with Washington and questioning our commitment to their security.  It’s not a bad outcome for Ayatollah Khameni, especially if he fears the domestic political repercussions of reintegrating with the world.

The agreement being haggled over in Vienna by Iran, Russia, China, Britain, France, Germany, and the United States will not eliminate Iran’s nuclear weapons program.  What is under discussion is how much nuclear infrastructure to let Iran keep, how extensive will be our inspections of what remains, and how much to give them for the privilege.

Inspections are the key to any agreement focused on reducing the threat of Iran’s nuclear weapons programs.  Technically, the agreement is seeking to increase “break out time”: how long it would take Iran using the known equipment and nuclear materials to construct a nuclear bomb.  These negotiations are seeking to increase Iran’s break out time from it’s currently estimated 2-3 months to a year.

It is important to emphasize that we don't honestly know how long it would take Iran to make a nuclear weapon.  Not for lack of effort by our intelligence services, but most of what we do know about Iranian nuclear weapons programs was revealed to us, and there remains much we do not know about past and current Iranian programs.  We should be deeply skeptical that we know the extent of Iran’s nuclear weapons work or have accounted for all its facilities.

The Congress has long been a force for good on Iran policy, erecting sanctions for which the Obama administration now takes credit.

Senators Corker and Cardin have ensured that if there is an agreement in Vienna, the Congress will now have 60 days to review the president’s handiwork, which is something the administration had desperately tried to avoid.

Secretary Kerry published his understanding of the framework for agreement concluded in April; any further concessions will be carefully scrutinized. Many of the arguments made by the White House so far in defense of the agreement will not hold up under careful questioning.

Any agreement reached will ease sanctions on Iran, and Russia will surely never agree to reinstate them, no matter how outrageous Iranian cheating on the deal.  So sanctions will be unrecoverable.  Since much of the Iranian economy is organized to benefit the Revolutionary Guards and citizen militia, they will be the primary beneficiaries of the $100 billion in revenue resulting from lifting just the nuclear weapons related sanctions.

An Iran deal would solve a political problem for President Obama: he committed to prevent Iran acquiring a nuclear weapon yet so very clearly does not want to have to use military force against Iran. A nuclear deal solves his problem as a political matter, but has already created security problems as regional allies hedge against his intentions.

A continuing negotiation not harried by deadlines might vitiate some of the insecurity.  It prevents us lifting sanctions that will be impossible to put back once removed.  It provides exposure we did not have to Iranian leaders and perhaps intelligence on their nuclear infrastructure.  It keeps us aligned with the three European Union states whose sanctions have been an essential constraint on the Iranian government.  It makes more difficult Russian and Chinese support to Iran.  And it leaves us free to conduct espionage of the kind that has prevented Iran from crossing the nuclear threshold so far as we know.

Iran doesn’t appear to have made the fundamental choice to give up its nuclear weapons programs.  Until it does, continuing negotiations is a better outcome than an agreement.

Kori Schake is a Hoover Institution Research Fellow at Stanford University and a contributor to Foreign Policy’s Shadow Government blog.",1
1570,Rand Paul is flatlining,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
2463,Nurse Chris Christie Quarantined For Ebola Goes After Governor On Vaccines,"New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R) came out as a vaccine choicer Tuesday, saying it should be up to parents to decide whether to inoculate their children against deadly diseases that could infect the rest of the population.

His stance was looser than the one he took last year against Kaci Hickox, the nurse Christie forcibly quarantined over Ebola fears when she returned to the United States after helping patients in West Africa. There was never any evidence that Hickox had symptoms of Ebola, a far less contagious disease than the measles, which is currently spreading across the country due to parents who refuse to vaccinate their children.

On Monday night, Hickox went on ""All In with Chris Hayes"" on MSNBC and blasted Christie for his vaccination comments.

""I think this is a good example of Gov. Christie making some very ill-informed statements. We heard it a lot during the Ebola discussion, and now it seems to have happened again,"" said Hickox.

""We know that vaccines are safe, and we know that vaccines save lives,"" she said. ""I have worked in a measles outbreak in northern Nigeria before. We were seeing about 2,000 children a week with measles. It is a scary disease. I know that these families of these 100 people who have the disease now could tell you a little bit about what the disease looks like and how much misery it causes. After the vaccine was implemented in 1963, there was a large reduction in cases, about 98 percent. And I believe it was 1989 to '91, there was a resurgence. ... The stakes are high. We have to protect our most vulnerable populations.""

Christie made his controversial vaccination comments to reporters during his three-day trip to London, as he weighs whether to jump in the 2016 presidential field. Christie said he and his wife had vaccinated their children but understood ""that parents need to have some measure of choice in things as well, so that’s the balance that the government has to decide.""

Christie spokesman Kevin Roberts later clarified the governor's comments, saying, ""To be clear: The Governor believes vaccines are an important public health protection and with a disease like measles there is no question kids should be vaccinated. At the same time different states require different degrees of vaccination, which is why he was calling for balance in which ones government should mandate.""",1
4469,Can Paul Ryan and Donald Trump coexist within the Republican Party?,"House Speaker Paul D. Ryan attempted to lift the horizons of his party with a speech last week in which he called for a competition of ideas rather than insults, and constructive political debate rather than the politics of demonization.

Ryan’s speech was aimed at pulling the Republican Party away from Donald Trump’s embrace — though he never actually mentioned Trump by name. Events quickly showed what he is up against. The speaker was quickly drowned out by a snarling argument between Trump and Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas over their wives that almost eclipsed the terrorist attacks in Brussels in the U.S. media.

By week’s end, the Republican race had gone into the gutter over tabloid charges of infidelity, which the senator vehemently denied and for which he blamed the New York billionaire, who called it unfounded. A race that seemed already at the bottom managed to find another low.

Ryan’s speech was a relatively high-minded moment in the middle of this mud fight of a Republican nominating contest. His effort to rescue the party from a coming crisis is laudable, but the root causes of the condition go far beyond Trump.

The front-runner for the nomination of the Republican Party is as much a reflection of the condition as a cause, a reality that Ryan (R-Wis.) touched on only lightly in calling for a more positive and uplifting approach to politics by all sides. Which means stopping Trump alone won’t necessarily solve all of the party’s problems.

Four years ago, scholars Thomas Mann, then with the Brookings Institution, and Norman Ornstein, then and now with the American Enterprise Institute, published a book examining the breakdown in American politics. It was titled “It’s Even Worse Than It Looks.”

The authors took aim at the gridlocked and dysfunctional politics of Washington and the broader issue of political polarization that has become endemic in recent years. They were unsparing but not even-handed in their critique. They were ahead of others in describing the underlying causes of polarization as asymmetrical, with the Republican Party — in particular its most hard-line faction — as deserving of far more of the blame for the breakdown in governing.

Mann and Ornstein are back again with a second and updated paperback edition, called “It’s Even Worse Than It Was.” The paperback arrives in the middle of the most raucous presidential campaign in memory, one that has exposed even more the fissures, fractures and divisions within the Republican Party coalition.

What played out primarily in the party’s congressional wing has come to consume the presidential nominating contest. In their own ways, Trump and Cruz have brought to the surface the economic and cultural anger among many of those in the party’s base as well as the distrust of the party leadership — the same motivating forces behind the Freedom Caucus rebels in the House Republican conference.

The current campaign only adds fuel to the Mann-Ornstein thesis of a Republican Party at war with itself in ways that have helped cripple the governing process. Trump and Cruz reflect the yearning within the Republican base for anti-establishment outsiders to topple the insiders in Washington.

Ohio Gov. John Kasich, the third remaining candidate for the nomination, is a dissenting voice, calling for cooperation and compromise. At this point, he is not just a dissenting voice; he is a minority voice in the presidential competition, unless he can start winning more primaries.

Trump and Ryan represent bookends in a political debate that has considerable consequences for the Republican Party and for the country. Trump’s position as front-runner not only highlights the degree to which the party is being taken over by anti-establishment forces but also foreshadows the possibility of a significant defeat in November if, as the GOP nominee, Trump is unable to reverse his standing among women, Hispanics, African Americans and other voting groups.

Ryan represents something far different, politics grounded in ideas and policies and an attitude of goodwill toward the opposition that he inherited from his mentor, Jack Kemp, the former House member from Buffalo who prodded his party to be more open and inclusive.

Yet Ryan’s speech left unanswered key questions about his capacity to change the behavior of his party’s conference in the House and in particular the degree to which he is willing to find a governing coalition apart from the hard-liners in the Freedom Caucus.

As the country’s highest-ranking Republican elected official, Ryan symbolizes the establishment’s backlash to Trump’s candidacy, a backlash that has so far failed to stop the New York businessman’s march to the nomination. The resistance might yet succeed. Whether it does or doesn’t, it raises the question of whether this presidential campaign ultimately will produce a true course change for the party or merely end up intensifying the forces that have brought it to this moment.

I put that question to Ornstein in an email exchange Friday: “This really is, I believe, an existential crisis for the Republican Party,” he wrote. “Will it be a Ryan-style conservative, problem-solving party, or will it be either a Trump-style, authoritarian, nativist and protectionist party, or a Cruz-style radical anti-government party content with blowing things up as they now stand? Or, just as possible, will the party break apart, with no clue as to what will replace it or how the pieces will fit into the broader political system?”

The prospects for a crackup are real, given what Trump’s candidacy has revealed about the party’s fractured coalition. Trump’s views on issues, outlined on the campaign trail and in a recent interview with The Washington Post editorial board, represent a fundamental break with many of the conservative ideas that have been at the party’s core for years.

Trump’s constituency finds his support for protecting rather than transforming Social Security and Medicare appealing. His words of praise for the work of Planned Parenthood, apart from performing abortions, are anathema to many religious conservatives. His views on trade run counter to the free-trade philosophy of the GOP elites. His comments about reevaluating the U.S. role in NATO shocked many in the Republican foreign-policy establishment.

That’s the threat Ryan and others in the party see as they watch the nominating contest move into the next rounds of primaries. But it isn’t clear that what the speaker advocated in his speech would be enough to put the Republican Party in a better place, even absent Trump. House Republicans are still an unruly group and, with some exceptions, the GOP still prefers to try to do business with itself.

The Republican Party remains a party of protest. It continues to struggle to demonstrate that, on the national level, it can be a true governing party.",1
2507,"Cruz copying me on border wall, Trump says","During the campaign, Trump had threatened to impose a large tariff to keep the jobs in the United States.",1
1610,Jeb Bush loses TV ad edge to Marco Rubio,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
4107,"Our real police/race problem: Diverse forces, white resentment, and America’s persistent divides","Yet the problems do remain “black and white” for reasons of economic exploitation and isolation that run deeper than race itself and that are gathering force, despite rising numbers of white/Asian and white/Hispanic marriages and of multiracial children, even in the families of police officers themselves. Unless we can face the reasons why more “diversity” in police ranks is a far-from-sufficient condition of justice, American society will remain more racist than many others, and thereby hangs my tale.

Shortly before Christmas 1996 in the lower-middle-class Queens neighborhood of East Elmhurst, robbers killed Officer Davis as he tried to protect Ira Epstein, the white owner of a check-cashing store where Davis was moonlighting as a security guard to earn extra money to buy holiday gifts for his 6-year-old daughter, Arielle.

Because Davis was off-duty at the time, it’s unclear if his assailants knew that he was a police officer. But because he was one and was murdered for doing what police officers do, his Episcopal funeral Mass in Garden City, Long Island, was a familiar “tableau of pomp and grief,” as the New York Times put it, with thousands of saluting, white-gloved, white-ethnic officers and a flyover by police helicopters.

“Arielle, your daddy, who loved you, who adored you…will always be a hero of New York City,” Mayor Rudolph Giuliani told Davis’ daughter from the church pulpit. He asked the congregation to give Arielle something she would remember, and all present responded with a long, wrenching ovation. Noting that Ira Epstein’s widow had called Davis a role model for the city’s youth, Giuliani said, “She was right,” adding that, “When [Davis] died Saturday morning he was doing what he was trained to do – he was trying to protect another man.”

Many funerals of New York City police officers killed in action have been tableaus not only of pomp and grief but of the chasm that yawns between an “occupying army” of mostly white-ethnic officers and an “underclass” of inner-city, black and Hispanic men. I spent enough time there in the late 1970s to have wished that the sea of blue around Davis’ funeral — and now those of officers Ramos and Liu — would signify something better than a chasm.

But does it? Or have the examples set by Davis, Liu and Ramos on police forces given the rest of us excuses to rationalize the continuing, calculated, heavily policed and seemingly bottomless isolation of millions of black and Hispanic men and women? Are economic isolation and social stigmatization still driving some of the isolated — and those who police them — so crazy that it’s a wonder there aren’t even more police killers like those who killed Davis, Liu and Ramos?

Ramos and Wu’s killer, Ismaaiyl Brinsley, was a perversely politicized, vengeance-crazed black man. Even the slaying in Ferguson of an unarmed black man, Michael Brown, by white officer Darren Wilson has a symbolic but no less telling opposite (Wilson’s nightmare) in another Ferguson – Colin Ferguson, a perversely politicized, vengeance-crazed black man who, shortly before Christmas, 1993, boarded a suburban Long Island commuter train and shot 23 white passengers, killing six.

Although he killed no cops, many New York officers live on Long Island, whose suburban towns their parents or grandparents chose over New York City’s tenements and row homes in the 1960s while seeking greener pastures in the booming, postwar economy and insulation from racially changing inner-city neighborhoods and rising black crime. As Newsday’s Jimmy Breslin put it a day after Ferguson’s train massacre: “Last night, Brooklyn followed them home.”

Are these officers and prosecutors to blame for provoking their killers’ isolation and rage? Or are they really doing only what our democracy seemingly wants and expects them to do: keep the lid on blacks and Hispanics who are cheated and sidelined, as the rest of us look the other way and disclaim responsibility – an evasion that seems easier to some whenever a Brinsley or a Colin Ferguson explodes?

In a strange irony, Charles Davis probably reinforced white innocence because he was a generous cop, popular with other officers and with residents of the Queens neighborhood where he supervised youth basketball games and a club for kids who might want to join the NYPD. His large presence, sharp eye and caring strengthened the community policing that had helped to cut New York City’s murder rate in half in less than five years, to below 1,000 for the first time in three decades. (By 2013, that number would plummet to just over 300, and this year it may be even lower, notwithstanding predictable predictions of doom 11 months ago by Rupert Murdoch’s New York Post and the Patrolmen’s Benevolent Association that Mayor Bill De Blasio’s curbing of excessive NYPD “stop and frisk” practices would unleash mayhem.)

But if Davis’ blue uniform and the blue sea at his funeral signified something better than black-versus-white, that equation took a perverse turn as Queens District Attorney Richard Brown orchestrated the indictment of 19-year-old George Bell, a stock boy at Old Navy who lived with his mother and had no criminal background, and two other black men, as Davis’ killers. A recent Nation magazine review of the case by Hannah Riley, a former researcher at the Innocence Project and a student of criminology at the University of Cambridge, raises serious doubts that the men convicted and still in prison for killing Davis were really his murderers.

D.A. Brown’s zeal in convicting them may have been fortified by the fact that Davis’ wife had been an assistant district attorney, albeit in another jurisdiction. But all prosecutors who face high-profile, highly charged cases have other, more-powerful incentives to “resolve” them irresponsibly. New Yorkers would be reminded of that in 2002, when the four black men and one Hispanic man who’d been convicted and imprisoned in 1989 amid public outrage over the infamous assault and rape of the Central Park Jogger were released after years of unjustified incarceration after the real assailant confessed.

Such things happen partly because D.A.s win reelection by pandering to angry, frightened voters’ hunger for revenge and because police officers are literally the prosecutors’ comrades in arms and their witnesses before grand juries and in open trials. (The over-zealous assistant prosecutors and detectives complicit in both the Central Park jogger and Davis cases were women, by the way.) But Hannah Riley has found a would-be whistle-blower in retired NYPD detective Pete Fiorillo, who had been pleased at first to see Giuliani touting the work of other detectives in the case and who’d had, as he put it, “no intention of looking at it for the purpose of taking it apart.”

“But the more he learned,” Riley explains, “the more his doubts grew until he became convinced that the investigation and trial were irredeemably flawed. ‘This case represents a total breakdown of the criminal justice system from the bottom to the top: the police that investigated this case; the DA that prosecuted the case; the judge that tried all three cases,’ said Fiorillo. ‘They just didn’t have the courage to do the right thing.’”

Giuliani, himself an infamously zealous former prosecutor, told the public after Davis’ murder that, “If you shoot and kill a New York City police officer, the Police Department is going to catch you, they’re going to find you, usually in a short period of time, and then at a minimum you’re going to spend the rest of your life in jail. And in this particular situation, it’s quite possible you’ll get executed.”

The word “execution” had a dark double-entendre here, giving the “blue over black” equation another perverse twist: Prosecutorial railroading involves not only beguiling or coercing helpless and apparently hopeless young black and Hispanic men into confessions and eventual convictions, and not just complicity by grand juries whose secrecy sanitizes such orchestrations. It also involves finding excuses for officers who are spared indictment time and again — even after summarily executing unarmed and even unresisting black and Hispanic men and, in some cases, women.

Like most New Yorkers watching the Central Park and Davis cases, I was inclined to trust prosecutors and to assume the justice of the convictions. When reporters on the Davis murder were told that the 19-year-old Bell had been heard humming the song, “Have Yourself a Very Merry Christmas” during a break in the questioning at the 109th Precinct and that remorse seemed never to enter his mind, I assumed that he was yet another half-crazed casualty of inner-city isolation, the kind of casualty I’d encountered more than once.

In the late 1970s I ran a weekly newspaper serving poor neighborhoods just across Brooklyn’s Broadway and Flushing Avenue from Bedford-Stuyvesant, where Officers Ramos and Liu were killed; I made more than a few visits to the Tompkins Houses along Myrtle Avenue, outside of which the murders occurred, and to Woodhull Hospital, where they were brought with Brinsley, who committed suicide nearby. Just to the northeast lay Bushwick, a once-tidy, German and Italian white-ethnic neighborhood that had become mostly Hispanic and black in the 1960s in ways and for reasons I knew intimately and that I portray in my book “The Closest of Strangers,” two of whose chapters chronicle North Brooklyn’s ravaging by absentee landlords’ “block-busting” welfare-subsidy scams, rampant arson for profit and for revenge, and massive looting during a huge 1977 power blackout.

On two occasions I navigated the devastation all night with officers of Bushwick’s 83rd Precinct, accompanying them into scenes of domestic violence where terrified toddlers sucking on teething rings crawled across shattered plates and splattered dinners to hide behind sofas as their mothers told us why they’d called 911 out of desperation and sometimes for revenge. Sometimes the man was still there, and officers had to take him outside. Out on the street in the noisy, sulfurous darkness, a black-Hispanic youth sauntered up to the patrol car’s open window and taunted one of my hosts by asking, “You Officer Torsney? Gonna shoot me?” — referring to Robert Torsney, who on Thanksgiving Day in 1976, for no apparent reason, had fired a bullet into the head of Randolph Evans, 15, a ninth grader at Franklin K. Lane High School, outside the Cypress Hills housing project, near where Officer Rafael Ramos was buried last Saturday. As New York Times columnist Bob Herbert noted years later, “Torsney would later claim he had been afflicted with a rare form of epilepsy that, remarkably, had never been noticed before the killing and was never seen after it. The ‘epilepsy’ defense worked. Officer Torsney was acquitted of any wrongdoing.” Herbert’s column, “The Sickness in the NYPD,” is worth reading, if only for the experience of rubbing your eyes in disbelief. Another of its offerings: “One April morning in 1973 a veteran police officer named Thomas Shea pulled his service revolver and blew away a young black boy on a street in Jamaica, Queens. He shot the kid in the back. There was no chance of survival. Afterward, no one could figure out why the officer had done it. There was no reason for the shooting, no threat to Officer Shea of any kind. The boy’s name was Clifford Glover and he was 10 years old. Officer Shea was charged with murder but of course he was acquitted.” For every young man whom killers in uniform execute as unambiguously as they did Randy Evans, Clifford Glover, Eric Garner and many others without being indicted for it, still more essentially hapless, helpless people are packed off into the vast archipelago of incarceration that employs thousands of “corrections” officers. Either way, for the rest of us, it’s out of sight, out of mind, as were the hundreds of homeless people and derelicts about whom few New Yorkers asked when they disappeared from Manhattan’s streets during Giuliani’s mayoralty. If at the bottom of it all is the calculated isolation and impoverishment of blacks and Hispanics that I chronicled while climbing stairwells in Brooklyn’s Bushwick-Hylan and Borinquen Plaza housing projects to distribute our paper, next to that bottom are the cops we assign to keep the lid on it. Is it a wonder that they sometimes say that they feel like “garbage collectors” and that, when the “garbage” call them something worse, some of them explode? In the 1960s, insouciant, pseudo-insurgent, middle-class white youths called cops “pigs.” A police union took out an ad saying, “Next time you really need help, try calling a pig.” But, with a very few, spectacular exceptions like the Brinks armored car robbery, the worst thing that white kids did to cops in those days was call them names. Is it really surprising that some cops and corrections officers feel as trapped in neighborhoods like Bushwick as the people they’re charged with containing? Is it surprising that some of the young white men who are drawn to such work grew up marinating what I described here three weeks ago as ressentiment, the social pathology of a society that has begun to countenance torture abroad and the militarization of police at home against a decadent, demoralized populace that has come to include themselves? Or that, at the funeral of Rafael Ramos, stunted citizens like these would turn their backs on the chief executive of the democracy that employs them, and that they would thereby dishonor the fallen officer and flout civilian leadership of the police and the military as if they would prefer a police state? The surprise is that so many police officers are still as good as Davis and as the relatives of Salon’s own Joan Walsh, as she recounted here vividly this week and in her book “What’s the Matter With White People?” I, too, can testify that there are many officers, of all colors and backgrounds, as generous and effective as Charles Davis. In the mid-1990s, Peter Mancuso, a former NYPD sergeant, Marine combat veteran, and longtime police reformer, introduced me to other impressive colleagues while I was a columnist for the New York Daily News, a paper many cops read while sitting in their patrol cars. The officers I met were better, more proactive citizen-leaders than moralists who simply cluck their tongues at them. On the other hand, whenever I wrote columns like this one praising their reform efforts, I got some unexpected visits from the New York Fire Department, whose firefighters banged loudly on my door at 3 a.m. because someone had called in a false alarm a day or two after the column ran. Soon after the chokehold killing of Eric Garner, but before the assassinations of Liu and Ramos, another retired police officer sent me this video, distributed by anonymous officers who seem to be preparing for race war, that depicts black men maiming and murdering cops in realistic street scenes. Some of the scenes look staged, but if Brinsley’s real deed had been filmed it would have fit perfectly into this alarmist, racist montage. The officer who shared it with me calls it “almost a counter-training device. Its message is, ‘Never mind what we are about to tell you the law says; here is what you are up against at any moment.’ After seeing it, I can better understand that young Housing Division Officer opening stairwell doors with his gun in his hand [and, trigger-happy, shot and killed an unarmed, innocent 28-year-old black man two floors below him]. I’m wondering if he saw the video or something like it.’” (Before calling 911 to aid the man he’d shot, the housing officer called his union.) Officers’ testimony in cases like this and Eric Garner’s and Randy Evans’ and Clifford Glover’s and the rest is almost transparently scripted by the union. Another irony. Even as the rogue video and the real deeds of Brinsley and Colin Ferguson alarm us, and even as some officers’ turning their backs on the mayor at a funeral and a police graduation ceremony disgust us, many black leaders have been ascending a far-better learning curve from the demagoguery of the 1980s and ‘90s to more sophisticated, humane strategizing. Where now are the Louis Farrakhans, the Vernon Masons and Alton Maddoxes (lawyers of Tawana Brawley infamy) and the Johnnie Cochrans, whose verbal threats and courtroom tactics sent chills down whites’ spines? Al Sharpton, whom I knew well in those years and described here in November, has climbed that learning curve: He said that the Ferguson, Missouri, protest movement “was not about Darren Wilson’s job. It was about Michael Brown’s justice…. We are not anti-police. If our children are wrong, arrest them. Don’t empty your gun and act like you had no other way.” Sharpton also led Eric Garner’s family in protesting Brinsley’s deed and mourning the deaths of officers Ramos and Liu. Sharpton is a flawed leader, but efforts by Fox News’ flunkies to blame him and recent protesters for bad relations with police prove only that black leadership’s learning curve has been offset by some white male degeneration along the lines I sketched here. The glorious funerals given officers Davis, Liu and Ramos don’t dispel these white men’s growing bewilderment, fear and anger, less of it generated by black men than by economic and cultural riptides that would still dispossess and disorient many of them even if the U.S. were white from coast to coast. To overcome racism, we’ll have to reach past “black and white” story lines and find strategies that free the oppressed by freeing the oppressor. Police are trapped in the swamp I navigated in Brooklyn because all of us are trapped in a political economy that’s no longer legitimate or sustainable. Unless we confront what Joan Walsh is telling us has happened to the white working  and middle classes, and what AlterNet editor Don Hazen, economist James Galbraith and historian Eli Zaretsky are trying to tell us about the real roots of America’s white male problem, “black and white” explanations will fall short, on both sides of an enduring race line that leads us nowhere.",1
3474,The Supreme Court cannot hide on Obamacare,"The Supreme Court, it would seem, did not want you to see what it was up to on Wednesday.

The robed nine were hearing oral arguments in King v. Burwell , a legal effort by conservatives to dismantle Obamacare and probably the most politically charged case to appear before the high court since Bush v. Gore. But, as always, there was no video of the proceedings and, curiously, the court chose not to release same-day audio of the argument, as it did in Bush v. Gore and has done in other high-profile cases since then.

I went to the argument, as I have for the last decade, to attempt to paint for readers a verbal picture of the atmospherics in the room, such as Samuel Alito’s eye rolls, Sonia Sotomayor’s hectoring and Clarence Thomas’s states of repose. But this time, court staff placed me in the back corner, three feet from the door; blocking my view of the justices were two red-velvet curtains, a marble pillar, another marble pillar, and a closed brass gate carved with images of acorns, oak leaves, dolphins, helmets and plumes, animal heads and the Ten Commandments.

Ultimately, though, there will be no hiding what happened in that chamber Wednesday morning. Ninety minutes of lopsided argument in favor of the Obama administration’s defense cast significant doubt on what had been a plausible challenge to Obamacare’s legality. The conservative majority could still knock down the law, of course, but given the ambiguity exposed Wednesday, it would now be a breathtaking surprise for the justices to cause such massive upheaval — taking health-care immediately from 8 million and causing a death spiral for the rest of Obamacare — based on such a slender legal reed.

The four liberal justices furiously picked apart the arguments of Michael Carvin, who had also argued, unsuccessfully, in a 2012 challenge to the health-care law. Alito and Antonin Scalia were not as aggressive as usual in their questioning of the Obama administration’s lawyer, and Chief Justice John Roberts was almost as silent as Thomas. Anthony Kennedy, perpetual swing vote, had some serious doubts about the argument against Obamacare.

Kennedy said that while “perhaps you will prevail in the plain words of the statute, there’s a serious constitutional problem if we adopt your argument,” along with a violation of federalism, because states would be coerced to embrace Obamacare exchanges or enter an insurance “death spiral,” he said.

“Sometimes we think of things the government doesn’t,” Kennedy informed him.

At issue: whether the language in the Affordable Care Act calling for each state to establish a health-care exchange means that people are not eligible for subsidies in states where the federal government created the exchanges because the state refused to do so. Take away those subsidies, and Obamacare collapses.

One part of the law favors the critics’ interpretation, but other parts of the law, and the broader context of the law, contradict such an interpretation. Given this Talmudic dispute over the text, it’s almost inconceivable that the justices, supposed practitioners of judicial modesty, would consider that justification sufficient to tear apart the nation’s social fabric.

Opponents of the law went through great contortions to bring this case. They’re arguing against tax credits — and thus in favor of tax increases. They had trouble finding people who had sufficient injury to have standing in the case — and in Wednesday’s arguments it became apparent that only one of the four plaintiffs clearly qualified. More difficulty came when Carvin argued that states would still get the benefit of exchanges even without subsidies. Justice Elena Kagan pointed out that he argued the opposite in his last appearance.

Whichever legal argument the law’s opponents were relying on at the moment, it was secondary to the political argument against Obamacare. Scalia, in his attempt to justify the social upheaval that would come if the court jettisoned the law, asked the government’s top lawyer, Donald Verrilli: “You really think Congress is just going to sit there while all of these disastrous consequences ensue? . . . Congress adjusts, enacts a statute that takes care of the problem. It happens all the time.”

There was laughter in the courtroom.

After the argument, hundreds of activists, whipped up by some members of that very Congress, waved signs and traded taunts as if they were rival fans at a basketball game.

“Stand up! Fight back! Health care under attack!” chanted one side.

“Liberty! Follow the law!” the other side shouted back.

In the unlikely event the Roberts court uses an ambiguous textual dispute to overturn the most significant social legislation of the era, there will be no place to hide from the national conflagration that follows.

Read more from Dana Milbank’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.",1
1181,"Poll: Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders both top Trump","Washington (CNN) Both of the remaining Democratic candidates for president easily top Republican front-runner Donald Trump in hypothetical general election match-ups, according to a new CNN/ORC Poll .

But Hillary Clinton , who is well ahead in the Democratic race for the presidency, would likely face a stronger challenge should Florida Sen. Marco Rubio or Texas Sen. Ted Cruz capture the Republican nomination for president.

Hillary Clinton launched her presidential bid on April 12 through a video message on social media. The former first lady, senator and secretary of state is considered the front-runner among possible Democratic candidates.""Everyday Americans need a champion, and I want to be that champion -- so you can do more than just get by -- you can get ahead. And stay ahead,"" she said in her announcement video. ""Because when families are strong, America is strong. So I'm hitting the road to earn your vote, because it's your time. And I hope you'll join me on this journey.""

Ohio Gov. John Kasich joined the Republican field July 21 as he formally announced his White House bid. ""I am here to ask you for your prayers, for your support ... because I have decided to run for president of the United States,"" Kasich told his kickoff rally at the Ohio State University.

Ohio Gov. John Kasich joined the Republican field July 21 as he formally announced his White House bid. ""I am here to ask you for your prayers, for your support ... because I have decided to run for president of the United States,"" Kasich told his kickoff rally at the Ohio State University.

Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas has made a name for himself in the Senate, solidifying his brand as a conservative firebrand willing to take on the GOP's establishment. He announced he was seeking the Republican presidential nomination in a speech on March 23.""These are all of our stories,"" Cruz told the audience at Liberty University in Virginia. ""These are who we are as Americans. And yet for so many Americans, the promise of America seems more and more distant.""

Businessman Donald Trump announced June 16 at his Trump Tower in New York City that he is seeking the Republican presidential nomination. This ends more than two decades of flirting with the idea of running for the White House.""So, ladies and gentlemen, I am officially running for president of the United States, and we are going to make our country great again,"" Trump told the crowd at his announcement.

In the scenario that appears most likely to emerge from the primary contests, Clinton tops Trump 52% to 44% among registered voters. That result has tilted in Clinton's favor since the last CNN/ORC Poll on the match-up in January.

But when the former secretary of state faces off with either of the other two top Republicans, things are much tighter and roughly the same as they were in January. Clinton trails against Rubio, with 50% choosing the Florida senator compared to 47% for Clinton, identical to the results in January. Against Cruz, Clinton holds 48% to his 49%, a slight tightening from a 3-point race in January to a 1-point match-up now.

Sanders -- who enjoys the most positive favorable rating of any presidential candidate in the field, according to the poll -- tops all three Republicans by wide margins: 57% to 40% against Cruz, 55% to 43% against Trump, and 53% to 45% against Rubio. Sanders fares better than Clinton in each match-up among men, younger voters and independents.

The race for the presidency hits its primary season peak as 78% of voters, including almost the same share among Democrats, Republicans and independents, who say that the nation is more deeply divided on major issues facing the country than it has been in the past.

The survey asked voters to choose which of all the remaining top candidates, regardless of party, they trust most to handle seven top issues. Trump tops the list on the economy, terrorism and immigration, while Clinton is the top choice when it comes to health care, race relations and foreign policy. Voters are about evenly split between Trump and Clinton on gun policy.

Adding up all the candidates from each party, Republicans have the edge on the economy, terrorism, immigration and gun policy, while more voters choose one of the Democrats' candidates on race relations and health care, with about an even split between the two parties on foreign policy.

Voters' choices broken out by party provide an interesting window into areas where Trump might hold cross-party appeal. Though the share of leaned Republicans choosing Clinton on any of the tested issues tops out at 8% on health care, Trump is the most trusted for 15% of leaned Democrats on terrorism, 14% on the economy and 13% on immigration.

As noted above, Sanders holds the most positive favorability rating of any of the top candidates for president: 60% of registered voters view him positively, 33% negatively. He is the only candidate seen favorably by a majority of voters, and one of four who are seen more positively than negatively.

The two front-runners, Clinton and Trump, are seen unfavorably by majorities of voters. Almost 6-in-10 have a negative view of Trump, 59% with 38% favorable, and 53% have a negative view of Clinton, 44% see her positively.

Cruz also has a net negative rating, while impressions of Carson, Rubio and Kasich tilt positive.

The economy remains far and away the country's top concern as the election campaign rolls on, with 47% calling it most important as they decide how to vote for president, followed by 19% citing health care, 14% terrorism, 10% foreign policy and 8% illegal immigration.

Should Michael Bloomberg, the independent former mayor of New York City, throw his hat into the ring as an independent candidate, his candidacy would do more harm to Clinton's bid to beat Trump than it would to Sanders' effort.

All told though, few say they would consider backing Bloomberg if he did run. Interest is strongest among political independents, and just 49% of them say they would definitely or probably consider voting Bloomberg for president.

The CNN/ORC Poll was conducted by telephone February 24-27 among a random national sample of 1,001 adults. Results among the sample of 920 registered voters have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3 percentage points.",1
624,Donald Trump revokes Washington Post press access (+video),"U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump delivers a campaign speech about national security in Manchester, New Hampshire, U.S. June 13, 2016.

Donald Trump says his presidential campaign is revoking The Washington Post’s press credentials, and the Post isn’t the first major news outlet to be barred from Trump’s rallies and events. Trump previously banned Politico, BuzzFeed News, The Huffington Post, and others from his campaign events, according to The New York Times.

Trump called The Washington Post “phony and dishonest” in a Facebook post where he explained that he decided to pull the press credentials due to the paper’s “incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting” of his campaign.

Trump took issue with a headline the Post wrote Monday that read, “Donald Trump suggests President Obama was involved with Orlando shooting."" The headline was changed Monday afternoon to read, “""Donald Trump seems to connect President Obama to Orlando shooting.""

The Post story covered Trump’s statements during a Fox News interview on Monday. When asked to explain why he called for Obama to resign after the shooting, he answered, in part, ""He doesn't get it or he gets it better than anybody understands — it's one or the other, and either one is unacceptable.""

Washington Post spokeswoman Kristine Coratti Kelly told the Associated Press in an email that the Post changed the headline shortly after posting the story ""to more properly reflect what Trump said.""

""We did so on our own; the Trump campaign never contacted us about it,” Kelly said.

Washington Post editor Martin Baron said in a statement Tuesday that the decision to revoke the paper’s press credentials ""is nothing less than a repudiation of the role of a free and independent press."" Baron defended the Post’s coverage of Trump’s campaign so far and vowed to continue with honest, honorable and accurate reporting.

Trump has said that if he were to become president, news organizations that have criticized him “ will have problems.” He threatened to sue The Washington Post in January over an article about the bankruptcy of his Atlantic City casino. This would be a very difficult suit to win, thanks to the First Amendment's historically strong protection of journalists, but Trump has said as president he hopes to weaken the libel law that protects journalists covering public figures.

Under American libel law, which the Supreme Court has repeatedly endorsed under the First Amendment, it is difficult for public figures to sue reporters who criticize them because they must demonstrate that factually inaccurate statements were made with actual malice or reckless disregard for the truth.

Legal experts doubt Trump as president could change libel law through executive order; the change would likely require a constitutional amendment.

Nonetheless, denying reporters access to his campaign events is within Trump’s current power.

Chris Cillizza wrote for The Washington Post on Tuesday that politicians and journalists inevitably have a tense relationship, “The job of journalists – at The Post and everywhere else – is to give voters the fullest and most accurate picture of the two people who want to represent all of us as president. That is a task that is, inherently, at conflict – at least at times – with the story the candidates want to tell about themselves. That tension is natural and often leads to uncomfortable relationships between the candidates and the media who cover them.”

This report contains material from the Associated Press.",1
2042,How Jeb Bush can avoid being the Jon Huntsman of 2016,"It seems increasingly likely that Jeb Bush will run for president. (Even his son is talking up the prospects.) What remains to be seen is whether Jeb Bush can actually win.

A lot of GOP establishment types are excited about a Bush candidacy. But don't expect the grassroots to eagerly embrace a former Florida governor who has made a habit of moderately breaking from conservative orthodoxy on big issues like immigration, or who recently (mildly) singled out Fox News for criticism. As the editor of the Washington Free Beacon said:

It's not hard to understand the Huntsman comparison. The former Utah governor — among the most conservative in the country during his tenure — was tarred as a base-betraying moderate before his campaign even officially began. To say he flamed out would be inaccurate in that he never lit up in the first place. Huntsman's much-hyped campaign was basically over as soon as it began.

Jeb already has the baggage of his brother to contend with. The last thing he needs is to invite are comparisons to the ill-fated Huntsman campaign. So how can he avoid this fate? Here are four pieces of unsolicited advice.

1. Toughen up. There are basically two ways that voters judge candidates. One is on the issues and the candidate's record on them. The other is based on temperament — our rather subjective sense of who this person is. For conservative voters who might be uneasy about Bush, his stance on some issues is problematic. Support for things like Common Core and immigration reform aren't exactly red meat for the GOP base. But Bush can balance this by being tough.

Huntsman was seen as ideologically moderate and temperamentally weak. That's a horrible combination. Ted Cruz is seen as ideologically stern and temperamentally tough, a better combination as far as the base is concerned, but probably one that catches up to him with the general electorate. Who has a good combination? Chris Christie's tough persona covers a multitude of sins on the issues — and indeed allows him to be a bit more ideologically moderate. Another example is John McCain. Moderate on some issues (including immigration reform), his tough-guy image helped provide balance — enough to win the 2008 nomination, at least.

Base voters on both sides of the aisle tend to conflate toughness with ideological purity. I'm probably more conservative than Ann Coulter, who backed Chris Christie for president in 2012 and defended RomneyCare. But I'm willing to bet everyone would suspect that Coulter, who is never afraid to take the knives out, is way more conservative than me. Style sometimes trumps substance.

Most candidates have a natural proclivity to be hard or soft. Mike Huckabee might be the best modern politician at playing nice and tough — but even here, the latter often comes across as inauthentic, and, ironically, as mean.

The problem for Jeb is that he seems to be temperamentally moderate as well as ideologically moderate. He needs to overcome this by getting tough. This is the most important thing he can do.

2. Don't flip-flop. Being tough sometimes mean sticking to your guns and standing up to the base (see Bill Clinton's Sister Souljah moment). Now, you might think that the smart move for Jeb would instead be to pander to the base and change his positions. This is almost always a terrible idea, and only compounds a candidate's image problem. The conservative base now not only distrusts you ideologically, but also sees you as a wimp — which is essentially the same as some caricature of an effete liberal. Yes, there may be ways to massage these things, to stress some issues and downplay others. But the answer for Jeb isn't to shed his moderate positions — that will only compound his problems. He cannot change his positions, no matter how tempting it may be. Doing so will make him look weak. And remember what we said about being tough?

3. Don't try to change the GOP base. This one probably seems obvious, but Jeb Bush isn't some backbencher running to ""get a message out"" or pull the other candidates toward him on certain issues (as Elizabeth Warren might if she challenged Hillary Clinton). If he runs, it should be to win. That means his purpose isn't to lecture the base or shame the base or change the base — it's to win the election. If he wants to win an argument instead of an election, he should stay home and write blog posts. Like me.

People can tell if you don't like or respect them. This is true of almost every profession. In Jerry Maguire, the title character's sports agent mentor tells him, ""Unless you love everybody, you can't sell anybody."" The same is true in the writing world: E.B. White said, ''No one can write decently who is distrustful of the reader's intelligence."" If Jeb harbors any resentment toward the Republican base, he either needs to sit this one out (because it will show), or overcome it by flipping a psychological switch and reminding himself constantly that these are good people and that he loves them.

4. Don't lamely suck up to the GOP base, either. I realize this might seem contradictory. But it's not. And while Jeb cannot and should not be in the business of overtly pandering — doing so would make him look inauthentic and weak — he absolutely must reach out to conservative opinion leaders. He must be accessible. And this will be a problem for him, because he is a bit cloistered. And because of the star-power associated with being a Bush, he can already seem intimidating, and likely already has a team of handlers charged with isolating him from the masses (Rudy Giuliani suffered from this, as well).

How to overcome this? The best model I've witnessed was McCain, who in 2008 was incredibly accessible to conservative writers. In that regard, he probably over-performed. Jeb should read this.

Jeb Bush doesn't have to be Jon Huntsman. In fact, he might well be the next president of the United States. But to win, he'll have to toughen up, stay true to himself, and walk a tricky path between alienating and bowing before the GOP base. It won't be easy — but he can do it.",1
1680,Poll finds Ben Carson knocks Donald Trump from top spot nationally,"For the first time in months, a national poll shows Donald Trump is not leading the Republican 2016 primary race, and instead has Ben Carson in first place.

Carson won the support of 26% of Republican primary voters, compared to 22% who are backing Trump, according to CBS News/New York Times . Though within the poll's margin of error, it marks the first time since the billionaire businessman's dominant rise over the summer where he has been bumped from the top spot nationally.

The new numbers also represent a reversal from the last CBS /New York Times poll, taken more than a month ago, which saw Trump leading Carson 27%-23%.

Carson and Trump have been running consistently neck-and-neck since the start of September -- with other candidates struggling to keep pace.

The switch in the lead comes as Carson has taken a clear lead in the Iowa race, beating Trump in some polls by double-digits. Trump told MSNBC's ""Morning Joe"" Tuesday morning ""I don't get it.""

CBS/New York Times pollsters found Carson outpacing Trump among women and evangelicals and running even with him among men. Trump performed better with moderate Republicans and voters without college degrees. No other candidate cracked double-digit support in the latest poll. Marco Rubio won 8% support, Jeb Bush and Carly Fiorina tied for fourth place with 7 percent and Mike Huckabee, Rand Paul, Ted Cruz and John Kasich each got 4%. The poll does carry an important caveat, however: 70% of respondents said they had not settled on a choice yet. Trump's supporters, however, are more locked in with their support. The most recent CBS/New York Times poll surveyed 575 Republican primary voters and carries a 6-percentage-point margin of error. RELATED: Donald Trump on poll slump: 'I don't get it'",1
2874,“I’m glad that he won”: The surprising Palestinian reaction to Netanyahu’s win,"But Benjamin Netanyahu’s reelection was regarded with apathy by many Palestinians in the West Bank, and some even welcomed the news – albeit as the best of several bad options.

“Under Netanyahu things will deteriorate. But if it can’t get any better, it might as well get worse,” Ahmad, who declined to give his full name, told Salon. His customers, browsing for phone accessories in central Ramallah, agreed. When you’re in the West Bank it doesn’t much matter who’s in the Knesset: settlement expansion, military crackdowns and wars have taken place on the watch of both the left and right, and there’s been realistic progress toward statehood under neither.

“The experience of the Palestinians is clear. Since the assassination of Rabin, nothing in Israeli politics has brought something good,” Huneida Ghanem, the general director of the Palestinian Forum for Israeli Studies (MADAR), told Salon. “Time and time again, election after election after election has just brought something worse. Palestinians see this and in their head, they understand that nothing is going to change, that it will just get worse and worse.”

This year, Ghanem said, some did hope that Herzog and Livni had the potential to change things – a wish that only makes Netanyahu’s win even more disappointing. But she also believes that any trust in the pair’s center-left Zionist Union, which until the election’s final hours was billed as a likely winner, is misplaced. The sense is echoed across the West Bank, where most dismiss the Israeli opposition with a laugh, refusing to refer to it as “left wing” in any meaningful sense.

“Netanyahu, Herzog, Lieberman: if anyone from those Zionist parties become prime minister it won’t make any difference. They all have the same strategy to fulfill their ideology,” Bassam Shweiki told Salon. A literature enthusiast and activist, Shweiki speaks English with a London twang despite the fact he’s lived most of his life in Hebron. A West Bank city carved up by Israeli settlement enclaves and military closures,  the city barely featured in election campaigns aside from a pro-settlement visit by right-winger Avigdor Lieberman.

“The Zionist ideology says Israel is the homeland for the Jewish people that God promised, so there’s no place for any other nations in the promised land,” Shweiki continued. “The strategy is to hold the peace process without announcing its death, while continuing to establish settlements, demolishing homes, confiscating Palestinian lands and so on, while deceiving the world by saying that there are negotiations.”

Shweiki’s view that expansion is inevitable in Zionism is shared by most in the West Bank, and it’s the reason many are even pleased at Netanyahu’s win. Unlike other leaders, they believe, he won’t obscure that fact, and with policies of occupation laid bare, pressure on Israel for a just solution can only increase.

“Personally I’m glad that he won. This proves to the world that it is Israel and its people that do not want peace,” Amer Khader, a postgraduate nutritionist from Ramallah, told Salon. “His speech was clearly stating that if he wins the Palestinian State will not see the light, that Jerusalem is forever the capital of the state of Israel, and for the continuation of the illegal settlements in the West Bank.

“What’s the worst that can happen? More houses to be taken when more than 2,000 have been demolished in East Jerusalem? Another war on Gaza? It’s already destroyed. More settlements? Let it be. It is just more isolation of Israel through its racist discriminatory apartheid policies.”

The bleak irony in Khader’s view comes from long experience. Even for those Palestinians who are able to vote – those citizens of Israel who make up some 20 percent of its population – the achievements of this election have transpired partly from the country’s right wing shooting itself in the foot. Last year, Israeli lawmakers raised the electoral threshold, a move supported in part by right-wingers who hoped it would push small Arab parties out of representation altogether. Instead, several Palestinian and left-wing parties banded together to create the Joint List, a broad coalition that won 14 seats and made Arab Israelis the third biggest power in the Knesset. Even as they bemoaned the Knesset’s rightward tilt, its leaders celebrated a new era of Palestinian political involvement on election night. “I came here to see resistance and to be proud of my community, to get the best for us and to further our aims of two states,” 18-year-old Razi Misherqui, wearing a party T-shirt and draped in a Palestinian flag, told Salon as the results came in. “I think Arab unity is really important and  we can use this to show that we can make change and challenge what’s going on.” In Ramallah, Ghanem called the Joint List victory the “surprise story” of the election, and it was the only reason that many Palestinians bothered to watch the political news at all. But that doesn’t mean it’s a game-changer. Many Arab Israelis, believing any political activity in the Knesset is doomed to fail, still boycott the elections and even the Joint List’s most ardent supporters are measured in their optimism. Even as he pledged to challenge the consensus of the election, leading Joint List MK Ahmad Tibi bemoaned a “disappointing” result in which the “extreme right-wing got the upper hand.” And in the West Bank, where Palestinians haven’t been able to vote for their own representation in nearly a decade, hope for any changes the joint list might make is guarded. With peace negotiations bearing only bitter fruit, an occupation with no clear end and a political mood characterized by frustration and extremism, the only sure thing about the path to a solution is that it will be tough. “Nothing is going to come from the Israeli state if the Israelis don’t feel they don’t pay any price for the Israeli occupation,” Ghanem told Salon. “The last 10 years they’ve been building up this right-wing narrative, this plan for Eretz Israel in the political scene. Things that were once unacceptable to talk about are now part of the hegemonic discourse in Israel. And I’m not talking about buses on Shabbat, I’m talking about fascist, discriminatory policies – the settlement enterprise, the occupation. “People feel very failed by the international community,” she added. “As they’ve grown older they put so much hope into the peace process. Over the years they’ve tried violence, and that didn’t work; the intifada, and that didn’t work; peaceful resistance, and none of it worked. And then the international community came to them saying if you do this, if you do this, you can have a state. But they’ve done that, and it’s led nowhere.” Still, there’s a strong feeling in the West Bank that change from the outside looks more likely than from within the Israeli state. Real international pressure and action, Ghanem said, with a strong stress on the word “real,” is the best hope for statehood. If that’s the case, Khader said, than a Netanyahu win might be a blessing in disguise. “Netanyahu is the worst for the economy of Israel and its international relations. And the only way Israel will get weaker is through screwing their own relations, which is happening,” he told Salon. “Let it be. It won’t get any better till it is screwed.”",1
5244,Ernst to Trump: Stop with the name-calling,"""If I have an opportunity I would tell him to just focus, focus on policy,"" Ernst told CNN.

Ernst was speaking at the ""Roast & Ride"" event in Des Moines, Iowa, that she hosted. Trump later addressed the audience; he did not address Ernst's remarks.

""Hillary Clinton has given us so much to talk about really in the email scandal and her policies overseas. Really, she has a record of failure. Let's talk about that record of failure. We can focus on issues, not name-calling,"" Ernst said.

""I don't like it when campaigns go that direction. I'd say to both of them, back down. And let's really talk about the policies and the issues. That's my advice to them,"" Ernst was quoted in The Post. Ernst's comments come after Trump was criticized for calling Clinton a ""bigot"" at a campaign rally, and repeatedly refused to back down from the claims. ""That is not acceptable to be doing the name-calling back and forth,"" Ernst said. ""We need to focus on the issues. He has given voice to millions of American and there's something there. Americans feel that their voice is not being heard and he has really given her a platform, let's focus on the failures of Hillary Clinton,"" Ernst told CNN.",1
3888,White House: GOP Has Failed to Put ‘Points on the Board’,"Republicans have controlled Congress for a little more than two months now, but a top White House official says GOP lawmakers so far have failed to put any “points on the board” and that the president is driving the debate in Washington.

As House and Senate Republicans prepare to lay out their budget priorities this week, senior White House adviser Brian Deese offered a blunt assessment of the political landscape, saying that the majority party in Congress has simply been reacting to President Barack Obama’s proposals rather than advancing its own.",1
763,The Daily 202: The presidency is Hillary Clinton’s to lose. Here are 12 ways she could lose it.,"The elites in Washington almost uniformly believe Hillary Clinton will be elected president in November. The conventional wisdom underlying coverage of 2016 is that Donald Trump will go down in flames and probably take the Republican Senate with him.

The presumptive GOP nominee has a well-documented history of misogyny, xenophobia and demagoguery. He has alienated women, Hispanics, Muslims, African Americans, Asian Americans and Native Americans. He has mocked the disabled, prisoners of war and Seventh-day Adventists. The speaker of the House and both living former Republican presidents are withholding endorsements.

It should be a slam dunk for HRC, right?

But, but, but: Six months is an eternity in politics, and a year ago no one in the chattering class –— including me –— believed Trump had any real shot at becoming the Republican standard-bearer. With Clinton struggling to sew up the Democratic nomination against a socialist septuagenarian –— she’s expected to lose tomorrow’s Kentucky primary –— we cannot foreclose the possibility that she will botch the fall campaign against the billionaire businessman.

The presidency is hers to lose, but here are a dozen ways Clinton can snatch defeat from the jaws of victory:

Remember the Michigan primary? Every poll showed Clinton up double digits, but she lost to Bernie Sanders. One reason is that supporters and field staffers believed she had it in the bag.

The campaign has been using last week’s Quinnipiac polls showing tight races in Ohio, Florida and Pennsylvania to shake a greater sense of urgency into donors and activists.

Clinton is at her worst when she thinks she’s at her best. She tends to rise to the occasion only when her back is against the wall. Remember 2008? Or recall last summer, when Sanders looked like nothing more than a nuisance and polls showed her ahead by more than 50 points, how she joked about wiping her server clean with a cloth and how her handlers literally used ropes to corral journalists at a parade. Over time, she found herself neck-and-neck with Sanders, who is a weak candidate by most traditional measures. Under heavy pressure in the days before Iowa, when it looked like she could lose the caucuses, she temporarily became a much better campaigner –— then backslid after her wins in Nevada and South Carolina.

When Hillary goes off her carefully scripted message, she has a tendency to gaffe. One reason she is expected to lose Kentucky tomorrow is her declaration at a town hall this spring that, “We’re going to put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of business.”

Don’t forget about her other gaffes, like when she invoked 9/11 to defend her coziness with Wall Street, when she called Republicans the enemy or when she said she and her husband were “dead broke” when they left the White House in 2001.

And there was the time Clinton incensed the gay community by praising the Reagans for starting “a national conversation” about HIV/AIDS, prompting a quick retraction.

Clinton cannot just make this election a referendum on Trumpism. She must outline a compelling vision for where she wants to take the country to fully activate the coalition that powered Barack Obama.

“I am not a natural politician, in case you haven't noticed, like my husband or President Obama,"" Clinton said at The Post’s debate in March.

The presumptive Democratic nominee campaigns in prose, not poetry. And she does not always try to be uplifting in her speeches.

It’s part of the explanation for why so many millennials, including young women, have spurned her for Bernie. While Sanders promises tuition-free college, she talks about extending an obscure tax credit. As my colleague David Fahrenthold explained in a story about Clinton’s wonkiness last week, this credit can be worth up to $2,500: “But only if students find their Form 1098-T, then fill out the relevant portions of Form 8863, then enter the amount from lines 8 and 19 of Form 8863 in lines 68 and 50 of their Form 1040.” That is not going to send a thrill up Chris Matthews’s leg….

My colleagues Dan Balz and Anne Gearan spoke with more than a dozen Clinton allies about her biggest weaknesses for a piece on today’s front page. “I bring it down to one thing and one thing only, and that is likability,” said Peter Hart, a Democratic pollster who has conducted a series of focus groups for the Annenberg Public Policy Center at the University of Pennsylvania. Hart said this is “about the lowest bar” for a candidate, and yet Clinton has lower likability numbers today than she did when the campaign began.

Balz and Gearan report that Clinton advisers are working to soften her stiff public image by highlighting her compassion and playing up her problem-solving abilities. “I mean, we can’t give her an injection to make her an energetic candidate,” one longtime Clinton family supporter and donor said on background. (Read the full piece here.)

5. Moving too far to the right

The Sanders campaign has circulated stories about Clinton forces reaching out to top Jeb Bush donors to convince them that “that she represents their values better” than Trump.

Clinton, who used to brag about being a Goldwater Girl in 1964, will be very tempted to appeal aggressively to moderate Republicans who are turned off by Trump. On paper, the Democrat will actually be more of a hawk and more willing to use military force than the Republican. The Donald is all over the place on policy, but Clinton is presently to his right on trade and campaign finance.

She needs Sanders supporters to unite behind her. If it looks like she’s shifting rightward to win votes, she will look inauthentic and many Bernie people will stay on the sidelines.

6. Moving too far to the left

Clinton has treated Sanders with kid gloves recently. She wants him and his people to fall in line after the July convention in Philadelphia, and she calculates that antagonizing him is not worth sewing up the nomination earlier.

The Vermont senator has made clear he wants significant concessions, including very liberal policy planks in the party platform. The Clinton people will be inclined to give on a lot because the platform is not binding. Just last week, for instance, she embraced several reforms to the Federal Reserve that are sought by the progressive wing of the party.

But, if Hillary continues to lurch leftward to satisfy the Bernie people, it will be harder to win those in the middle and woo disaffected Republicans.

You might think it’s unfair to say Clinton cannot go too far left or too far right. But everyone running for president has this problem. It is a difficult needle to thread, yet the Clintons have proven deft at triangulation. Now, Hillary needs to be Goldilocks.

There’s no perfect pick, and candidates who look great on paper might turn out to fall flat –— or have skeletons in their closet.

Citing four people close to the campaign, USA Today reports this morning that “Clinton is considering a running mate who could make a direct appeal to supporters of Sanders, bridging a generational and political divide” and that “Clinton’s chief requirements include a candidate’s resume and a fighter capable of hand-to-hand combat with Trump. The campaign’s vetting also prioritizes demographics over someone from a key swing state as she seeks to unify the Democratic voting base.”

There are parts of every would-be number two’s record that will upset at least some portion of the Democratic Party. Take this story that just posted on Politico: “Targeted by progressive activists hoping to kill his chances of being picked as Clinton’s running mate, Julián Castro is set this week to announce changes to what’s become a hot-button Housing and Urban Development program for selling bad mortgages on its books.”

8. Allowing herself to get defined as an insider

Clinton lost to Obama in 2008 by underestimating the electorate’s hunger for change. Once again, Hillary risks coming to represent the status quo in the eyes of voters who want a renegade.

“Right now, about 6 in 10 Americans have an unfavorable view of Trump.… But the country is faring even worse. … 64.9 percent think we are heading down the wrong track,” The Post’s Editorial Page Editor Fred Hiatt noted last week in a column warning Democrats not to celebrate Trump. “So what if even voters who respect Clinton’s competence reject her as the embodiment of business as usual? And what if even voters who do not like Trump’s bigotry or bluster care more that he will, in their view, shake things up? … I do have faith in the American voter, I really do. But when two-thirds of the country is unhappy, a rational outcome can’t be taken for granted.”

In trying to stay above the fray, Clinton could find herself defined by Trump. Remember the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth? John Kerry didn’t push back forcefully enough early on, and he paid a price.

Last week, Trump called Clinton an “enabler” of her husband’s behavior. While objectively offensive, the Democratic front-runner steadfastly refused to respond. “I’m going to let him run his campaign however he chooses,” she told reporters. “I have nothing to say about him.”

Trump gives a whole new meaning to term “bully pulpit.” And there is very conventional logic in not responding to every insult and attack: it leads to more repetition of the original charge and keeps it in the news.

Hillary dislikes the media. Her impulse is to keep the press away, to only give the appearance of access and to focus her attention on friendly outlets that will engage in puffery.

Trump, to his credit, talks to basically everyone. It gets him in trouble, like when he told Chris Matthews that women who get abortions should be punished. But the tradeoff is that he has often gotten to set the terms of the debate. If he repeats something enough times, however preposterous, some may come to believe it.

“I have a lot of experience dealing with men who sometimes get off the reservation in the way they behave and how they speak,” Hillary recently said on CNN. A few days later, she clarified on MSNBC that she was not referring to her husband –— but Rick Lazio and Vladimir Putin.

The former president has caused fewer headaches for his wife’s campaign than he did in 2008, when he called Obama’s bid “the biggest fairy tale I’ve ever seen,” said the other side was playing the “race card,” and downplayed a loss in South Carolina by noting Jesse Jackson Jr. had won there too.

That does not mean he has not ruined news cycles for his wife in 2016 –— or has the ability to.

Remember his outburst on the eve of the New Hampshire primary when he accused Sanders of being dishonest and his supporters of being sexist?

Or when he got into an on-stage argument with Black Lives Matter protesters in Philadelphia last month, defending his crime bill and his wife’s 1996 comment about bringing “super-predators … to heel”? The next day, he said: “I almost want to apologize.” But then didn’t.

The campaign must manage WJC appropriately. It’s hard to control any spouse; a former president – especially “The Big Dog” – is even harder.

Trump will try to make Hillary own all the unpopular elements of the Clinton era. Expect to hear a lot about Marc Rich’s pardon and the Lincoln Bedroom.

Hillary will take credit for the popular elements of her husband’s tenure and take umbrage when Trump tries to pin the unpopular parts on her, as she already has with the crime bill and Wall Street deregulation.

Clinton is not widely seen as trustworthy. Her refusal to release the transcripts of her speeches at Goldman Sachs will continue to dog her. Asked during a debate why she received $675,000 for three short appearances, she replied: “Well, I don't know. That’s what they offered.”

But Trump’s refusal to release his tax returns –— along with his evolving answers and lame excuses –— neutralizes this potential problem for the Clinton campaign.

It is unlikely, but the FBI investigation into Clinton’s possible mishandling of classified information hangs like a cloud over her campaign.

“Investigators have found scant evidence tying Clinton to criminal wrongdoing, although they are still working on the case and charges have not been ruled out,” my colleague Ellen Nakashima reported last week. “They have also been interviewing former aides to Clinton, including Cheryl Mills, who served as chief of staff while Clinton was secretary of state. Prosecutors and FBI agents hope to be able to interview Clinton as they try to wrap up the investigation.”

Among other potential problems identified by supporters in Balz and Gearan’s story today: “Clinton’s unpopularity with white men, questions about whether her family philanthropic foundation helped donors and friends, and lingering clouds from her tenure at the State Department, including … the Benghazi attacks in which four Americans were killed and her support for military intervention in Libya.”

-- Don’t forget, history is not on Hillary’s side. Since World War II, only once has a party controlled the White House for three consecutive terms. (George H.W. Bush succeeded Ronald Reagan by beating Mike Dukakis in 1988.)

-- Bottom line: Clinton is more likely than not to be president at this time next year, but the election will probably be closer than you think and Trump could actually win if she doesn’t play her cards right.

-- President Obama delivered an aggressive refutation of Trumpism during his commencement address at Rutgers University, calling on graduates to reject politicians who “hark back to better days.” From Greg Jaffe: “He mocked Trump’s call to ‘Make America Great Again,’ saying that there was never a better time to be alive on the planet and in America. College graduation rates were up, he said. Crime rates had dropped, and more women were in the workplace than ever before in the country’s history … [He also] slammed Trump’s proposal to build a wall along the country’s southern border, saying the world is becoming ever more interconnected and ‘building walls won’t change that.’ At one point, clearly referring to Trump and other congressional Republicans who have decried efforts to combat global warming, Obama warned that, 'In politics and in life ignorance is not a virtue. ... That’s not challenging political correctness. That’s just not knowing what you are talking about.’”

-- “Obama is expected to begin campaigning for Clinton in earnest as early as June, when she is expected to lock up the nomination,” Balz and Gearan report.

-- Trump and Vice President Biden both went to the University of Pennsylvania's commencement ceremony yesterday. David Weigel was there: “For Trump, the ceremony was all about Tiffany Trump, his daughter with ex-wife Marla Maples, who also attended the commencement. Biden was there for his granddaughter Naomi Biden, the first of the family's third generation to graduate from college. … When some unexpected rain fell, Trump disappeared beneath an umbrella, while Biden kept shaking hands.”

MORE ON THE REPUBLICAN RACE:

-- A band of exasperated Republicans is actively plotting to draft an independent presidential candidate to keep Trump from the White House BUT those involved concede that such an effort at this late stage is probably futile. Philip Rucker and Robert Costa: “These GOP figures are commissioning private polling, lining up major funding sources and courting potential contenders … The effort has been sporadic all spring but has intensified significantly in the 10 days since Trump effectively locked up the Republican nomination. ... But these Republicans — including [Mitt Romney,] commentators William Kristol and Erick Erickson and strategists Mike Murphy, Stuart Stevens and Rick Wilson — are so repulsed by the prospect of Trump as commander in chief that they are desperate to take action. ... and they think they have only a couple of weeks to launch a credible bid.""

Their top recruits are Sen. Ben Sasse [who denies interest] and former presidential candidate John Kasich [who today will give his first TV interview since dropping out]. Earlier prospects included former Sen. Tom Coburn, Condoleezza Rice, and even reality-television star and businessman Mark Cuban."" Many dismissed the idea as political fantasy: “Again and again, though, these anti-Trump Republicans have heard the same tepid response. ... 'I don’t see it happening,' Cuban wrote in an email.""

A potential third-party candidate faces enormous risk. No one wants to be the next Ralph Nader. ""The career of the individual would come to an end, and he would have a difficult spot in history for being responsible for putting Clinton in the White House,"" said Patrick J. Buchanan. There are also formidable logistical hurdles, with deadlines to get on state ballots fast approaching.

Spoiler alert: Some anti-Trump Republicans are downsizing their ambitions to a more focused, state-specific effort. Mike Murphy, who ran the Jeb Bush super PAC, is pushing one such proposal. ""Murphy envisions an independent candidate on what he termed ‘an honorable mission’ in Colorado, New Hampshire and Ohio — three battleground states with relatively lax ballot-access rules. 'Running an anti-Trump protest candidate in a handful of swing states really appeals to me,' Murphy said. 'You could deny Trump the presidency and perhaps help important Senate and other down-ballot races­ by giving another choice to Republican voters who abhor Hillary Clinton and can’t cross the moral line to vote for Trump.'""

-- Reince Priebus said drafting a third-party candidate to run against Trump would be a “suicide mission” that could wreck the party for “generations.” ""They can try to hijack another party and get on the ballot, but, look, it's a suicide mission for our country because what it means is that you're throwing down not just eight years of the White House but potentially 100 years on the Supreme Court and wrecking this country for many generations,"" the RNC chairman said on ""Fox News Sunday."" ""I think it's very dangerous, and there's other ways to get assurances on the things that they're worried about."" Priebus praised the approach taken by Paul Ryan, adding that he would be surprised if Ryan did not endorse Trump soon: ""I'd be surprised if we didn't get there, not too much longer in the distant future.""

-- Meanwhile, Republican activists chose unity over resistance this weekend, with party leaders pressuring the rank-and-file to fall in line behind the presumptive nominee – and even punishing those who refused. Politico’s Kyle Cheney: In all, nearly 400 delegates were selected Saturday – about one in every six that will fill Cleveland’s convention center in July.

-- Trump warned of another 9/11-like attack if refugees continue to be admitted into the U.S: ""Our country has enough difficulty right now without letting the Syrians pour in,"" Trump said in an interview on the National Border Patrol Council podcast. He also suggested ISIS is “paying for refugees’ cell phone plans”: ""Who pays their monthly charges, right? They have cell phones with the flags, the ISIS flags on them.""

-- Trump and Clinton are statistically tied in Georgia, according to a general election poll conducted by the Atlanta Journal-Constitution: He leads her 45 to 41 percent, within the poll’s 4.26 margin of error, while 13 percent said they were undecided or did not support either candidate.

-- A family grieving the death of an Alabama-born woman has a request for friends and relatives: Don't vote for Trump. From the AP: “Relatives of 34-year-old Katherine Michelle Hinds published an obituary Friday in the Opelika-Auburn News that includes the line: ‘In lieu of flowers, do not vote for Donald Trump.’ Hinds' mother, Susan Pool, says her daughter … feared for the future of her three young children if he's elected.”

-- John Boehner will spend late July and all of August on a cross-country bus trip raising money and campaigning for House Republicans, per Politico’s Jake Sherman: “The trip — on Boehner’s bus, dubbed ‘Freedom One’ — will begin after the Republican National Convention in Cleveland and end Labor Day weekend.”

-- Rep. Peter King (R-N.Y.) defended his use of a derogatory term toward Japanese in a cable-news appearance, saying that he was trying to critique the “uninformed” views that Trump espouses. From Paul Kane: “King, who supports Trump nominally but is refusing to campaign for him, said that his use of the word ‘Japs’ was meant to criticize the presidential candidate’s policy positions as out of line with the ‘nuance’ required to be the leader of the free world and more in line with a working-class man at the end of a bar espousing his worldview.”

-- “Is Ben Carson the worst or the best surrogate of all time? Yes.” By Ben Terris: “Ben Carson, the neurosurgeon turned presidential candidate turned unfiltered pitchman for Trump, now part of his vice presidential search committee, sat in the back of a town car with his wife, Candy. He had just explained that he wanted no role in a Trump administration when news arrived of a new poll naming him as the best-liked of a list of potential running mates. “The most favorably regarded contenders after himself, he was told, were John Kasich, Marco Rubio, Ted Cruz, Sarah Palin and Chris Christie. ‘Those are all people on our list,’ he said. That the Trump campaign might want its potential VP picks held close to the vest didn’t seem to occur to Carson. He’s not the type to keep his candid thoughts to himself.”

Carson says he has no plan to pull a Dick Cheney and suggest himself. Carson understands he’s a lightning rod for controversy, and Trump doesn’t need help sparking fires. “He’s not interested,” said business manager Armstrong Williams. And then: “But miracles can happen … we’ve seen stranger things, right?” Yes, yes we have. Not the least of which has been watching Carson say things that would get any other surrogate benched, only to be elevated within the campaign.”

MORE ON THE DEMOCRATIC RACE:

-- CONVENTION CHAOS: Tensions ran high at the Democratic state convention in Nevada, a foreboding signs for Clinton as she prepares for the national convention in Philadelphia. With Sanders partisans pushing to include delegates who had been ruled ineligible, party leaders adjourned the convention for the day. ""But Sanders supporters refused to concede, remaining in the [Paris] casino's ballroom after the event had ended. Eventually, casino security and law enforcement officials entered to force the Democrats out of the space, even turning off the lights to get them to depart,"" Philip Bump reports.

Why the Sanders supporters were angry: The rules were seen as less favorable to the Vermont senator by his backers, as was the process for picking 12 up-for-grabs delegates to Philadelphia. Sanders supporters were outraged over the exclusion of 56 delegates – enough to swing the majority – who were denied mostly because they weren't registered as Democrats by the May 1 deadline. (Eight Clinton delegates reportedly suffered a similar fate, Las Vegas Sun notes.)

Here are some live tweets from the dean of the Nevada press corps:

-- On the trail in Kentucky, Clinton got more specific about what Bill Clinton’s White House role could be. From Abby Phillip: ""I'm going to put [him] in charge of revitalizing the economy because you know, he knows how to do it,"" she told supporters. ""And especially in places like coal country and inner cities and other parts of our country that have been really left out."" Clinton, who has long made it clear she looks to her husband’s presidency as a model for how to manage the economy, often notes the job creation and increases in median household income during his administration. ""When my husband was president, incomes rose for everybody,"" she said in Louisville.

-- Many young Black Lives Matter protestors are not voting, according to exit polling analysis from 25 primaries. From Vanessa Williams and Scott Clement: African Americans account for a larger share of Democratic primary voters than they did in 2008, but that is because of OLDER black voters. Comparing exit polls in 25 states from 2008 and 2016, “black voters older than 45 grew from 12 percent of the electorate on average in 2008 to 16 percent this year. In those same states, black voters younger than 45 made up 11 percent of voters in 2008 vs. 10 percent this year.”

President Obama, in his commencement address last weekend at Howard University, praised young black activists for bringing new energy to the movement for racial justice and equality, but he said: “You have to have a strategy. Not just awareness, but action. Not just hashtags, but votes.” Obama’s comments echoed continuing concerns that some young black activists involved in the current wave of political action do not share the belief in the critical importance of the right to vote:

Younger Americans are the least likely to turn out in elections: The share of eligible voters ages 18 to 29 who cast ballots fell from a record high of 48 percent in 2008 to 41 percent in the 2012 presidential election, according to the U.S. Elections Project.

Interviews with activists inspired by the Black Lives Matter movement revealed a nuanced view of electoral politics: “None advocated a total boycott of elections … At the same time, many were not enthusiastic about the value of voting, particularly in this year’s presidential election cycle. These activists argued that neither candidate had adequately addressed the issues affecting black communities. ‘Voting is definitely one way … but there are other ways of reimagining and restructuring the world, and that lies in organizing our communities,’ said Ashley Williams, a 23-year-old activist.”

-- The RNC chairman defended Trump’s refusal to release his tax returns: ""People don't look at Trump as to whether he releases his taxes,"" Priebus said on ABC. ""People look at Trump and say, 'Is this person going to cause an earthquake in Washington, D.C., and make something happen?' That is it. I don't think the traditional playbook applies … We've been down this road for a year … He's rewritten the playbook."" (Elise Viebeck)

-- Newt Gingrich again said he’s open to being Trump’s running-mate: ""I don't think it's an automatic yes,"" Gingrich said on ""Fox News Sunday."" But “I’d be hard-pressed not to say yes."" The former Speaker suggested his decision would be based largely on what duties Trump would expect from a running-mate, as well as how “seriously” he takes the role.

-- Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio) demurred when asked if he would serve as Clinton's running-mate. “I love the job I’m doing,” Brown told CNN’s Jake Tapper. “I will put real effort into electing Hillary … but as I said, I love this job, and I'm just not going to give you a different answer.""

-- Trump senior adviser Paul Manafort denied that Trump ever posed as his own publicist to speak with reporters, saying he believes a 25-year-old audio recording that is clearly Trump is not actually Trump. ""I couldn't tell who it is. If Donald Trump says it's not him, I believe it's not him,"" Manafort said on CNN’s ""State of the Union."" Manafort also touted the “crossover support” that his boss has attracted in traditionally Democratic states, arguing that they will “expand the map” and can win in Michigan, Pennsylvania and Ohio.

Trump and Manafort's denials directly contradict testimony that The Donald gave under oath in a 1990 lawsuit.

On Friday afternoon, Washington Post reporters who were 44 minutes into a phone interview with Trump about his finances asked him a question about Miller: “Did you ever employ someone named John Miller as a spokesperson?” The phone went silent, then dead. When the reporters called back and reached Trump’s secretary, she said, “I heard you got disconnected. He can’t take the call now. I don’t know what happened.” (Read the original story.)

Via Zignal Labs, here is a word cloud of all Trump mentions on Friday:

-- “China killed thousands of Maine jobs. Now it’s eating up the state’s lobsters,” by Ylan Q. Mui: “Little Cranberry, an island of 70 inhabitants, and China, a nation of 1.4 billion people, increasingly find themselves connected by the shifting currents of the world economy. The rise of China’s middle class has coincided with a boom in Maine’s lobster population, resulting in a voracious new market for the crustaceans’ succulent, sweet meat. Exports of lobsters to China, nonexistent a decade ago, totaled $20 million last year. … The lobster’s tale is a testament to the complexities of the global marketplace — and a reminder that the line between economic winners and losers is not always clear. China has played the villain (in 2016), blamed for … the disappearance of blue-collar jobs, including in Maine, where the closure of lumber and pulp factories have left thousands of workers unemployed. Yet the reality is more nuanced. Even as foreign competition has devastated parts of the U.S. economy, China ranks among the biggest international customers for a vast array of other industries, from ginseng to airplanes to pork. Maine lobsters are just a tiny sliver of the $116 billion in annual exports to China, a figure that has nearly tripled in the past decade.”

-- “Al-Qaeda affiliates are threatening West Africa’s most peaceful cities,” by Kevin Sieff in Dakar: “In a city where nightclubs and mosques coexist peacefully, Islamist violence long felt like a foreign problem—something residents watched on news clips from the Middle East or other parts of—Africa. But Senegal and its neighbors are facing a new threat from extremists moving far from their traditional strongholds in northwest Africa. Since November, militant groups have killed dozens of people in assaults on hotels, cafes and a beachside resort in West Africa, passing through porous borders with impunity. The attacks have occurred in countries that had been rebounding from political turbulence, such as Ivory Coast and Burkina Faso. Now fears of such bloodshed are growing in this pro-Western democracy, which serves as a regional hub for international organizations. ... Senegal, a former French colony that has never suffered a major terrorist incident, is now taking unprecedented security measures.""

-- “Filipino children of U.S. sailors and soldiers have mixed feelings on American return,” by Emily Rauhala: “There’s a taunt that hangs over this former U.S. naval base, looming over kids who look a little different, shadowing single moms: ‘Left by the ship.’ The term is used to shame the offspring of U.S. servicemen and local women ... Nearly 25 years ago, Philippine lawmakers expelled the U.S. warships that had docked here for almost a century, vowing to ‘unchain’ the country from its colonial past …” But for decades, tens of thousands of children of U.S. military men have been fighting not to be forgotten. “Now China’s claims to most of the South China Sea have put the Philippines back at the heart of U.S. strategy in Asia. A new defense pact allows the U.S. military to build facilities at five Philippine bases, and a growing number of ships will be stopping by Subic Bay. Their return is renewing questions about what the U.S. owes Filipino Amerasians — and stoking worries that there will be more neglected children when the ships leave harbor once again.”

-- “Disagreements slow Pentagon’s plan to allow transgender service members,” by Dan Lamothe: “Months before Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter said the Pentagon would take steps toward allowing transgender people to serve openly in the military, Army Staff Sgt. Patricia King last year became what she believes is the first openly transgender member of the infantry. While official Pentagon policy still forbids openly transgender personnel, her commanders have been supportive, she said. King even purchased a female dress Army service uniform, anticipating that she would be able to wear it soon. But four months after a deadline set Carter set for a working group to finish evaluating the change, transgender service members are still waiting. Officials say disagreements remain in the Defense Department about how to move forward, suggesting that the Pentagon isn’t close to wrapping up the review, let alone instituting any changes.”

This mural of Trump and Vladimir Putin in Vilnius, Lithuania, is going viral:

Trump sought to preempt conversations on Sunday shows about his treatment of women with these tweets:

Read the full story for yourself here. One of the two reporters pushed back hard on Twitter, noting that they interviewed more than 50 women:

One of the nuggets from the piece:

Trump also turned up his Instagramming about the women in his life:

Lots of jokes about Trump posing as his own publicist:

Cruz aide Josh Perry showed off his bumper sticker. These were being handed out at the Republican convention in Texas:

When Trump does call-in interviews with cable shows, it's worth remembering how close he lives to the studios:

Jeb Bush stopped by a gathering of new U.S. citizens:

It's graduation season and Ben Sasse is in the thick of it:

-- National Review, “In Koch World ‘Realignment,’ Less National Politics,” by Tim Alberta and Eliana Johnson: “In February, a team of political operatives arrived in Kansas hoping to turn the tide of the presidential campaign. They’d set aside $150 million to be spread across campaigns. Yet they had not been authorized to spend a dime on the White House race. Marc Short wanted to change that. He led a faction inside the Koch network that had become convinced of the need to neutralize Trump before his momentum made him unstoppable. Short had come to Wichita to present Charles Koch a detailed, eight-figure blueprint for derailing Trump on Super Tuesday when 11 states would vote, hoping to get the green light to hammer him with ads in states where he was most vulnerable. But there was an unwelcome surprise awaiting the delegation: A number of top executives from the Koch enterprise had been invited. They represented the so-called ‘corporate side’ of Koch World, which had long warred with the ‘political side’ of the empire. The meeting confirmed what some Koch insiders had begun to suspect: That the brothers’ political decision-making was increasingly being influenced by their business and public-relations interests.”

-- L.A. Times, “Roz Wyman, L.A.'s secret weapon in luring Dodgers west, is still cheering,” by Chris Erskine: “If Los Angeles has a grande dame of sports, it is Roz Wyman … At 85, she still sits in her Dodgers season seat near the umpires tunnel, cheering on players young enough to be her great-grandsons. Wyman was about their age when she helped bring the Dodgers to Los Angeles almost 60 years ago … The Dodgers' patron saint had just finished at USC when in 1953 she became the youngest person, and only the second woman, elected to the L.A. City Council, on a campaign platform that included, of all things, acquiring a major league team. At the time, baseball's far-western foul pole was St. Louis. The Brooklyn Dodgers were stacked and poised to win their first World Series, in 1955 …. [But] odds never mattered much to Wyman.  ‘It all reflects Roz's courage, brilliance and tenacity,’ says former Dodgers owner Peter O'Malley … These days, L.A. could use a few more movers and shakers like the Wizard of Roz.”

-- NBC News, “The Americans: 15 Who Left the United States to Join ISIS,” by Richard Engel, Ben Plesser, Tracy Connor and Jon Schuppe: “American law enforcement officials estimate that roughly 250 Americans have tried to join IS. Most of them never left the U.S … But a few dozen of those American recruits have made the trip to ISIS's heartland in Syria and Iraq. In March, NBC was given a thumb drive by a purported ISIS defector, containing names and biographical snippets of thousands of fighters who entered Syria, including at least 15 Americans who left the U.S. to join ISIS overseas.”

On the campaign trail: Here's the rundown:

At the White House: President Obama hosts a Medal of Valor ceremony and meets with Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter. BuzzFeed News' legal editor interviews Obama live on Facebook about the Supreme Court at 2:50 p.m. Vice President Biden has no public events scheduled.

On Capitol Hill: The Senate and House meet at 2 p.m., with House votes on nine suspension bills planned for 6:30 p.m.

NEWS YOU CAN USE IF YOU LIVE IN D.C.:

Behold -- the sun has returned to D.C.:

-- No rain on the radar for today! But maybe some frost. The Capital Weather Gang forecasts: “If you live in some of our colder areas well west of town, don’t be shocked to awaken to some frost. So grab the fleece and the ice scraper when you head out. But the May sun should help temperatures recover fairly quickly, as they should be near 60 midday. Then, afternoon highs reach the mid-60s to near 70.”

SNL spoofed Trump posing as his own publicist. Watch it here at Hulu. (Bonus: the cast did another sketch on Trump during Weekend Update.)

Here's what late-night comedians said about the Trump-Ryan meeting last week:

Will Ferrell, Aziz Ansari and others attended the Nordic state dinner at the White House:

Watch the toasts from the evening:

Alan Grayson was defensive on MSNBC when asked his ethics allegations and blow-up with Harry Reid:

Obama and Macklemore talked about addiction in the president's weekly address:

BuzzFeed asks: who said it, Trump or a Democrat?

Facebook's Sheryl Sandberg reflected on the loss of her husband a year ago:",1
739,"Do Democrats Want What Bernie Wants, Or Just What Bernie Has?","Do Democrats Want What Bernie Wants, Or Just What Bernie Has?

For some weeks now, as Bernie Sanders has extended his remarkable and improbable run as a presidential candidate, people have been asking: ""What does Bernie want?""

That question is a distant echo of ""What does Jesse want?"" a relic of the 1988 runner-up candidacy of Jesse Jackson, another ""outsider"" challenger with a dedicated hardcore following. But more about Jackson in a moment.

This week, the question took a different form. After a rowdy convention in Nevada prompted death threats against that state party chair, the question suddenly became: ""Are the Democrats coming apart?""

Uniting for the fall has always been an issue for both parties. But this year, it was supposed to be the Republicans, with their 17 candidates and their frustrated #NeverTrump rearguard action, who broke up over their differences.

Now, it's working out quite differently. So we hear again that old nostrum: ""Democrats want to fall in love, Republicans want to fall in line."" A remarkable number of Republicans have accepted, if not embraced, Donald Trump as their nominee. But a large contingent of Democrats continue to feel the Bern, or at least remain very much out of love with Hillary Clinton.

Which brings us to this past weekend, which proved that sometimes what happens in Vegas does not stay in Vegas.

The ""Nevada fracas"" has created a media meme and a conversational focus for the conflict roiling the Democratic Party. That is because it encapsulates the grievances felt on both sides.

Sanders supporters see that some of their number were not seated in Las Vegas and see evidence that the system is rigged against them. Clinton supporters hear the epithets hurled at women on that stage, including the state party chair and Sen. Barbara Boxer, and perceive evidence of something else.

Others will adjudicate what happened in Las Vegas, where both candidates' camps seem to think they were entitled to a majority of delegates. (Although Clinton won the initial round of caucuses back in February, Sanders had the upper hand in an intermediate round at the county level on April 2.)

One camp wanted an open process; the other wanted respect for the rules. A voice vote was gaveled to a conclusion despite an uncertain outcome, which is bound to cause trouble. But in the end, the party chair herself has come to seem the principal victim — ""more sinned against than sinning"" — because of extreme phone and online harassment.

Nevada's convention seems to have been an egregious case, an outlier. In other states where actual delegates are chosen in several phases, regular order has been followed without a similar outburst.

But exceptions to the rule often make news. And in this case, cable TV and social media have endlessly repeated the raucous video shot at the convention and the toxic harassment that followed. As Nevada became a national story, Sanders was pressured to respond.

The candidate has condemned violence generically, but has not apologized for his backers. Instead, Sanders and his retinue have denied responsibility for what happened and doubled down on their long-simmering resentments against Democratic Party officials.

They say the entire process has been rigged against them, even parts that have been in place for decades. And the implicit message has been: Treat us fairly or expect there to be consequences. When this message is combined with Sanders' vow this week to ""carry our fight to the convention,"" it darkens the portents for the national convention in Philadelphia.

So what does Bernie want?

Let's start with the obvious: He wants to be nominated and elected. That's understood. Every candidate has a perfect right to continue fighting until the last ballot is cast, as Sanders vows to do.

But even if he wins California, and several other states on June 7, Sanders would need vertiginous victory margins to win enough delegates to close the pledged delegate gap with Clinton. (The Democrats divide delegates proportionally according to the popular vote, which is just about as democratic a method as you can imagine.)

So Sanders' one path is to persuade superdelegates to prefer him over Clinton, even though they currently prefer Clinton by more than 10-1. (The only superdelegate to flip so far deserted Sanders for the front-runner.)

Sanders and his spokespersons say superdelegates should now ignore the overall vote and the pledged delegate totals and look at how much better Sanders does against Trump in hypothetical November matchups.

The only problem is that hypothetical tests six months before the election are notoriously unreliable. Just ask President Perot.

Moreover, many of the poll respondents who create this November differential right now are Sanders supporters who say they will shift to Trump in November. The likelihood of their actually doing so is problematic, given past experience with disgruntled backers of other candidates who fell short. (The most recent example would be the Clinton backers in 2008 who swore they would not vote for the man who beat her, Barack Obama, but wound up doing so in the fall.)

So the ""path to the nomination"" for Sanders is not just uphill, it is essentially vertical.

So what else might Sanders want?

No one seems to think Sanders wants to be vice president or have any other role in a Clinton administration. He would return to the Senate, where he would be in a wholly new weight class of political influence.

But he clearly wants to make a difference, to alter how the Democrats go forward in the fall campaign and beyond.

And that is what the Clinton camp must manage. It is entirely possible that the Democratic convention in Philadelphia this July will vote to change party rules, shrinking the number of superdelegates or requiring them to follow the voting results in their states.

It is also possible, if less likely, that the party would agree to allow more independents a role in its nominating process (although this would still depend on the will of the various states).

Sanders supporters will also strive to make the party platform more progressive, raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour and expanding Medicare to cover people of all ages and perhaps calling for free tuition at public colleges. (The platform already calls for much of Sanders' program regarding the campaign finance system and other issues.)

This might fall far short of the ""political revolution"" Sanders says his campaign is about. But it could still matter. And it could still point the party toward a far more progressive future.

That is one way in which the 1988 precedent is relevant. Jesse Jackson arrived in Atlanta with about 30 percent of the delegates (not nearly as many as Sanders will have this summer). At the time, it was easily the best showing for an African-American presidential candidate. And although Jackson was not going to be nominated (Massachusetts Gov. Michael Dukakis had a first-ballot majority), his message of racial and economic inclusion was popular and powerful within the party's base.

The Dukakis forces recognized this and turned the proceedings over to Jackson on the second night of the convention. Thousands of Jackson supporters jammed the arena while delegates, alternates and journalists waited outside — unable to enter. Jackson gave an hourlong oration on the theme of common ground, a siege gun speaking for unity.

Jackson did his part in the fall, helping Dukakis carry nearly 90 percent of the black vote and 70 percent of the then-minuscule Hispanic vote. Unfortunately for Dukakis, minority voters cast only about one ballot in seven in 1988.

But by 2012, the share of the vote cast by people of color had nearly doubled. That stunning growth has turned a dozen states that were red in 1988 to blue in 2012 (California, Illinois, Pennsylvania, Michigan, New Jersey, Virginia, Maryland, New Mexico, Connecticut, New Hampshire, Delaware and Vermont).

The same demographic trends have made Florida, Ohio and Colorado toss-ups in presidential elections. All had been solidly Republican in 1988.

Sanders' hard base is not among minorities, of course, but among younger voters. His success has been built on winning three-fourths or even more of the voters under age 30. That is a group Clinton will need in the fall just as much as Dukakis needed Jackson's base in 1988.

Sanders may not want a Jackson-style prime-time convention session all his own. He might be willing to settle for platform and rules revisions that would validate his campaign. But if he wants a Bernie night in Philadelphia when he can bring his political revolution to life — even for a few hours — it might be a small price to pay for peace.",1
1338,Critics Pounce on Madeleine Albright’s Exhortation to Women to Back Clinton,"CONCORD, N.H. – Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright offered a warning to young women who aren’t inclined to elect the first female president. “Just remember,” Ms. Albright told the crowd at a get-out-the-vote rally for Mrs. Clinton’s campaign. “There’s a special place in hell for women who don’t help each other.” The familiar phrase was […]",1
5258,Clinton doubles down on disputed claim FBI found her email remarks 'truthful',"Hillary Clinton has doubled down on her assertion that the FBI declared her public remarks on her email scandal “consistent and truthful,” despite independent fact-checkers concluding otherwise.

“And as the FBI said, everything that I’ve said publicly has been consistent and truthful with what I’ve told [the FBI],” Clinton said Wednesday in an interview with Brandon Rittiman of KUSA News.

Washington Post fact-checker Glenn Kessler swiftly chided the Democratic presidential candidate for repeating the ""roundly debunked"" claim.

Clinton first cited the FBI in her defense last Sunday when “Fox News Sunday” host Chris Wallace noted Director James Comey had contradicted her claim she never sent classified material from her home server.

“That's not what I heard Director Comey say … Director Comey said that my answers were truthful and what I've said is consistent with what I have told the American people, that there were decisions discussed and made to classify retroactively certain of the emails,” she said.

Several fact-checkers, however, called her out on that claim.

The Washington Post's Kessler awarded her “four Pinnochios,” and noted, “Comey has repeatedly not taken a stand on her public statements.”

PolitiFact gave her a “Pants on Fire” rating for a lack of truthfulness and FactCheck.org declared her claims “false.”

Comey did tell Congress: “We have no basis to conclude she lied to the FBI.” But he did not say the same about her public statements.

During testimony before a House committee, Comey said it was “not true” that nothing Clinton sent or received was marked classified. To the contrary, he said, “there was classified material emailed.

Donald Trump also doubled down Thursday on his claim he saw video of Iranians taking $400 million in cash off an airplane on the same day American hostages were released. His campaign earlier said he meant that he saw television coverage of the hostages, not the cash, leaving an airplane.

Afterward, Trump once again clarified, this time via Twitter.",1
4053,How the Clintons’ Haiti development plans succeed — and disappoint,"Deep in the Haitian countryside, peanut farmer Wismith Moricette epitomizes the success of Bill and Hillary Rodham Clinton’s charitable work: Through an innovative program backed by the Clintons, the 23-year-old has doubled the yield from his one-acre plot. Along with all those peanuts, Moricette said, have come visions of a brighter future for his wife and young son.

Fifty miles away on Haiti’s north coast, Anelle Germinal exemplifies another reality of the Clintons’ work here: disappointment. The 33-year-old mother of four has been standing in the baking sun every day for months waiting for work in the struggling Caracol Industrial Park, which the Clintons have touted as a model that would change the economy of this impoverished country.

“They said we would have work,” Germinal said, “but I have nothing.”

Moricette and Germinal are two faces of the Clintons’ increasingly complicated relationship with Haiti, where their high-profile development efforts after a devastating earthquake in 2010 have produced both success and disillusionment.

As Hillary Clinton moves toward a second run for the White House, her family’s global charitable work, mostly through the Clinton Foundation, has come under intense scrutiny. The foundation has accepted large donations from corporations and foreign countries, raising concerns that the Clintons are creating conflicts of interest by blurring the lines between their political, business and charitable interests.

The Washington Post reported last month that the foundation’s donors include seven foreign governments that contributed millions during Hillary Clinton’s tenure as secretary of state. Among those donations was a $500,000 contribution from the Algerian government for earthquake relief in Haiti that the foundation has acknowledged violated the terms of an ethics agreement with the Obama administration.

The Clintons’ defenders have dismissed concerns about the donations as political sniping, saying the test of the foundation is not where it gets its money but how it spends it. They said their work has created economic opportunity, improved lives for women and girls, raised health standards and fought the effects of climate change across the developing world.

The work has been especially visible in Haiti, where the Clintons first traveled as young newlyweds in 1975 and where many people credit them with drawing the world’s attention immediately after the earthquake, which killed more than 200,000 people.

With former president Clinton assigned by the United Nations to head up the emergency recovery effort and Hillary Clinton guiding official U.S. assistance as secretary of state, the couple helped a relief effort that has included some of the world’s richest people, biggest celebrities and most successful businesses. The Clintons also helped mobilize an effort in which international donors pledged $10.4 billion, including $3.9 billion from the United States.

Greg Milne, director of the Clinton Foundation’s Haiti Program, said projects include efforts that have helped more than 2,000 small farmers, an artisan-goods company that employs more than 300 people, a fish-farming operation, a cholera treatment center and improvements to schools in some of Haiti’s poorest slums.

Clinton supporters also point out that their successes have come amid Haiti’s chaotic political situation — parliament is not functioning and President Michel Martelly, dogged by scandal, is ruling with virtually no checks on his power — which is marked by endemic corruption, weak institutions, poverty, poor public education, terrible roads and other factors that have historically made it extremely difficult for development efforts to succeed.

The country has long had a fraught relationship with foreigners who come to invest and provide aid. Haitians often regard them with gratitude for desperately needed resources and, at the same time, with suspicion that their motives are more to make a profit in Haiti than to help it.

Nevertheless, the Clintons are facing a growing backlash that too little has been accomplished in the past five years and that some of the most high-profile projects they have backed — including a just-opened Marriott, another luxury hotel and the industrial park — have helped foreign investors and Haiti’s wealthy elites more than its poor.

“Bill Clinton is a good guy and well-intentioned, but the people here don’t think so — they think he’s here making money,” said Leslie Voltaire, a former government official who worked with Clinton on post-earthquake reconstruction. “There is a lot of resentment about Clinton here. People have not seen results. . . . They say that Clinton used Haiti.”

In January, Haitian expatriates picketed the Clinton Foundation’s New York headquarters, demanding to know why more progress has not been made with the billions in international aid pledged after the quake.

Said Raymond Joseph, a former Haitian ambassador to the United States: “People are asking, ‘What has Bill Clinton done for us?’ ”

The Clintons’ long influence in Haiti is hard to overstate.

As president in 1994, Bill Clinton deployed about 20,000 U.S. troops to Haiti to restore President Jean-Bertrand Aristide, who had been ousted in a coup in 1991. Clinton’s trade policies as president, which he later called a “mistake,” were devastating to Haiti’s rice production and made it harder for the country to feed itself.

In 2009, Clinton was named U.N. special envoy for Haiti, and he has visited the country 37 times since then.

After the earthquake, Clinton united with former president George W. Bush to create the Clinton Bush Haiti Fund, which distributed $54.4 million in the two years after the earthquake. Separately, the Clinton Foundation has spent more than $30 million in Haiti and led efforts through the Clinton Global Initiative to persuade private companies to spend vastly more.

“What I think most people don’t know, even if they’ve been on the ground there, is these people are immensely talented,” Bill Clinton said in a 2010 interview with NPR. “They have suffered from 200 years of outside and inside abuses and neglect and misgovernment. And a lot of the people who’ve gone there even to help them in the best of faith have done so in a way that would never have allowed them to support themselves and to lift themselves up. And now there is a true consensus for and determination for a sustainable, comprehensive, long-term, modern society in Haiti. And they can do it.”

But as the initial emergency response has evolved into efforts to ensure Haiti’s long-term development, Haitians increasingly complain that the Clintons’ most ambitious plans are disconnected from the realities of most people in the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere.

For instance, the Clinton Bush Haiti Fund invested more than $2 million in the Royal Oasis ­hotel, where a sleek suite with hardwood floors costs more than $200 a night and the shops sell $150 designer purses and $120 men’s dress shirts.

One recent afternoon, the hotel appeared largely empty, and with tourism hardly booming five years after the quake, locals fear it may be failing. A spokeswoman for Occidental Hotels, the chain that runs the hotel, said that ­occupancy is up this year and that the project will “mature in the long run.”

Bill Clinton also introduced Marriott officials to Denis O’Brien, an Irish telecom billionaire who has contributed millions to the Clinton Foundation. The result is a $45 million Marriott hotel that opened this month in central Port-au-Prince. O’Brien said no Clinton money was invested in the project.

The ultra-modern hotel is adjacent to the headquarters of Digicel, a communications giant owned by O’Brien. When The Post visited recently, many, if not most, guests seemed to be foreign businessmen connected to Digicel.

Clinton defenders argue that hotels that cater to well-heeled foreign guests can still buy local products and provide local jobs, and those guests are often involved in business investments or aid projects that benefit the neediest Haitians.

O’Brien said his hotel employs 200 Haitians, is filled with locally purchased art and serves food from Haiti. O’Brien leads the Haiti Action Network, a collection of private businesses that have committed through the Clinton Global Initiative to spend $500 million on projects in Haiti. He and his company just built 150 schools and rebuilt Port-au-Prince’s historic Iron Market.

“I don’t know any modern leader that has spent more time helping a country and being so effective,” O’Brien said of Bill Clinton. “He works like a demon in the developing world. Nobody is doing that. Is Tony Blair doing that?”

Other Clinton-backed projects have not delivered on lofty promises: A 2011 housing expo that cost more than $2 million, including $500,000 from the Clinton Foundation, was supposed to be a model for thousands of new units but instead has resulted in little more than a few dozen abandoned model homes occupied by squatters.

Controversy surrounding the Clintons only deepened with the recent revelation, contained in an upcoming book by Peter Schweizer, that Tony Rodham — Hillary Clinton’s younger brother — serves on the advisory board of a U.S.-based company that in 2012 won one of Haiti’s first two gold-mining permits in 50 years. After objection from the Haitian Senate, the permits have been placed on hold.

“Neither Bill Clinton nor the brother of Hillary Clinton are individuals who share the interests of the Haitian people,” said Samuel Nesner, an anti-mining activist who thinks mining poses great environmental risks and will mainly benefit foreign investors. “They are part of the elite class who are operating to exploit the Haitian people.”

Clinton Foundation officials said Bill Clinton had been unaware of Rodham’s involvement in the mine project. A spokesman for Hillary Clinton said she does not know the chief executive of the mine.

“I strongly believe the Clintons came to Haiti in good faith and they wanted to have an impact,” said Jean-Max Bellerive, who was Haiti’s prime minister at the time of the earthquake and served as co-chairman with Bill Clinton on the Interim Haiti Recovery Commission. (Bellerive is also on the mining company’s advisory board.)

But, Bellerive said, the former president was hampered by a “weak” staff of American aides who were “more interested in supporting Clinton than helping Haiti.” Echoing a common sentiment in Haiti, Bellerive also said Clinton should have listened more carefully to the opinions and needs of ordinary Haitians: “How do you want a guy coming from Davos or Dubai to get the real feeling for what’s happening downstairs?”

Milne, of the Clinton Foundation, said the criticism is wrong and unsurprising.

“President Clinton is one of the most dedicated and highest-profile advocates for Haiti, and he is still engaged while others have moved on,” he said. “So it’s not surprising that, for some, he is an easy target for natural frustration that the change we all want isn’t happening faster.”

Milne said the country has experienced strong economic growth in recent years, with more Haitians employed and more children in school.

“Is Haiti building back better?” Milne said, using a phrase that the Clintons frequently quote. “In many ways, yes, though challenges remain.”

Paul Farmer, a doctor whose Partners in Health has helped provide medical care in rural Haiti since the 1980s and whose health network has received more than $1.8 million from the Clinton Bush Haiti Fund for a medical residency program, also praised the Clintons’ work. He said he forged partnerships at CGI meetings with private businesses and other charities for a variety of projects he said would not have taken place without the Clinton connection.

He said that by any objective measure, Haiti has been improving, in part because of the Clintons’ efforts.

“Is the whole country built back better? I doubt it,” Farmer said. “Water insecurity and food insecurity are very pressing problems. But if you look at the health statistics for Haiti . . . infant mortality, child mortality — they’re all improving.”

Still, even some who have benefited from Clinton-backed programs have grown disillusioned.

“I read that Bill Clinton is the most popular politician in America, but he couldn’t get elected mayor in Haiti today,” said Jacky Lumarque, rector of Quisqueya University, a private school that was damaged in the earthquake and received $914,000 from the Clinton Bush Haiti Fund to create an entrepreneurship center.

Lumarque said the program has helped hundreds of Haitians turn their informal street businesses into formal entities that keep records, pay taxes and have potential for growth.

He said it has been a huge success — but stands apart from the usual strategy of foreign groups, including the Clintons, who tend to favor projects imposed by well-meaning foreigners that are more “about Haiti” than “for Haiti.”

The entrepreneurship center, Lumarque said, “is an example of what Clinton can do, in spite of himself.”

When Bill Clinton came here late last month to help inaugurate the new Marriott, he made a side trip by helicopter to Haiti’s central plateau to have a look at a Clinton-backed program that is revolutionizing the peanut-farming industry.

The Acceso Peanut Enterprise Corp. was started with a $1.25 million grant from the Clinton Giustra Enterprise Partnership, which is headed by Bill Clinton and Canadian mining executive and philanthropist Frank Giustra, as well as the charitable foundation of Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim.

Acceso buys feed, fertilizer and fungicide at bulk rates, then sells them to farmers for far less than normal prices. Acceso also hires tractors for farmers who otherwise would be using an ox and plow.

Robert Johnson, an American who runs the program, said the improvements are vastly increasing yields, quality and farmers’ profits.

He said Acceso worked with about 1,000 farmers last year and bought about 120 metric tons of peanuts. This year, it expects to triple the number of farmers and buy almost five times as much peanut tonnage.

At least half of Acceso’s sales have gone to two large Haitian factories that produce a peanut-based paste that is given to malnourished children. Most of the rest goes to local peanut-butter producers, he said. The program’s success, Johnson said, comes from its market-driven approach: It’s not a charity, it’s a business with a charitable purpose.

“We’re building something that is going to be sustainable,” he said. “We talk to the farmers. We’re not going to just bring in something that someone thought up in ­Davos.”

The program is branching out into lime-growing, and Clinton visited a site last month where thousands of seedlings are being cultivated by dozens of workers.

Benel Auguste, 32, is one of the small landowners who rented his plot, about a third of an acre, to Acceso to plant limes. “It’s a good idea; it’s going to work,” he said. “We know limes and we need them. We can do this.”

The Clintons also were enthusiastic backers of the Caracol Industrial Park, which was built on 600 acres of farmland just east of ­the port city Cap-Haitien.

They agreed with economists, particularly Oxford University development specialist Paul Collier, who concluded that Haiti is an ideal place to create mass jobs in garment factories because of its proximity to the United States, favorable trade agreements and cheap labor.

The Clintons helped Haitian officials identify Sae-A Trading Co., which operates factories across the developing world and sews garments for giants such as Target, Gap and Wal-Mart, as a potential major investor.

As secretary of state, Hillary Clinton, along with top aide ­Cheryl Mills, lobbied for the project with South Korean officials and hosted Sae-A executives in Washington to press the plan.

Bill Clinton attended the Sae-A contract-signing ceremony in Port-au-Prince on Jan. 11, 2011 — a day before the first anniversary of the earthquake. He later laid the first stone of the park’s construction. And then in October 2012, the Clintons, Martelly and other officials attended the ribbon-cutting.

Speaking to a group of investors at the ceremony, officials and celebrities that included actors Sean Penn and Ben Stiller, as well as business moguls Donna Karan and Richard Branson, Hillary Clinton said it represented “a new day for Haiti and a new model for how the international community practices development.”

“Haiti is truly open for business, and we want your help,” she said. “We see this partnership between governments like our own and the private sector as absolutely essential in promoting and supporting long-term prosperity in Haiti. We know very well that long-term prosperity cannot come from just the provision of aid. There must be trade and investment like we have seen here today.”

Today, Sae-A employs about 4,500 people. Company spokesman Lon Garwood said the operation has been steadily growing and will open a new facility next month. Henri-Claude Müller-Poitevien, a Haitian government official who works in the apparel industry, said the Caracol project is on schedule and continues to expand.

A power plant was built, but plans for a new port at the industrial park to carry finished goods to the United States have been shelved. Residents of the plant’s housing project say their land floods when it rains, and few said they think the plant will ever create the number of jobs originally promised.

“I believe that the momentum to attract people there in a massive way is past,” said Bellerive, the former prime minister. “You can do interesting things with Caracol, but you have to reinvent the concept. Today, it has failed.”

Each morning, crowds line up outside the park’s big front gate, which is guarded by four men in crisp khaki uniforms carrying shotguns. They wait in a sliver of shade next to a cinder-block wall, many holding résumés in envelopes. Most said they have been coming every day for months, waiting for jobs that pay about $5 a day.

From his envelope, Jean Mito Palvetus, 27, pulled out a diploma attesting that he had completed 200 hours of training with the U.S. Agency for International Development on an industrial sewing machine.

“I have three kids and a wife, and I can’t support them,” he said, sweating in the hot morning sun. “I have a diploma, but I still can’t get a job here. I still have nothing.”

Tom Hamburger in Washington contributed to this report.",1
2678,Of Course Facebook Is Biased. Its Real Problem Is That It Won’t Admit It.,"Facebook must have thought the online news game was pretty easy. Two years ago, it plucked a small team of about a dozen bright, hungry twentysomethings fresh out of journalism school or entry-level reporting jobs. It stuck them in a basement, paid them contractor wages, and put them to work selecting and briefly summarizing the day’s top news stories and linking to the news sites that covered them. It called them curators, not reporters. Their work appeared in the “Trending” section of the Facebook home page and mobile app, where it helped to define the day’s news for millions of Facebook users.

On Tuesday, Facebook became the subject of a Senate inquiry over claims of anti-conservative bias in its Trending section. Senate Commerce Committee Chairman John Thune, a South Dakota Republican, sent Mark Zuckerberg a letter asking a series of pointed questions about how Facebook chooses stories for the section, how it trains its curators, who’s responsible for their decisions, and what steps it’s taking to investigate the bias claims. He also asks for detailed records of stories that the company decided not to include in the Trending section despite their popularity among Facebook users.

The inquiry followed a report by Gizmodo’s Michael Nunez on Monday, in which anonymous former Facebook “curators” described the subjective process by which they assembled the Trending section. Facebook had publicly portrayed the section—which you can find near the top right of Facebook.com or under the search tab on the Facebook app—as an algorithmically driven reflection of the most popular stories its users are reading at any given time. But the ex-curators said they often filtered out stories that were deemed questionable and added others they deemed worthy. One, a self-identified conservative, complained that this led to subtle yet pervasive liberal bias, since most of the curators were politically liberal themselves. Popular stories from conservative sites such as Breitbart, for instance, were allegedly omitted unless more mainstream publications such as the New York Times also picked them up.

None of this should come as a surprise to any thoughtful person who has worked as a journalist. Humans are biased. Objectivity is a myth, or at best an ideal that can be loosely approached through the very careful practice of trained professionals. The news simply is not neutral. Neither is “curation,” for that matter, in either the journalistic or artistic application of the term.

There are ways to grapple with this problem honestly—to attempt to identify and correct for one’s biases, to scrupulously disclose them, to employ an ideologically diverse staff, perhaps even to reject objectivity as an ideal and embrace subjectivity. But you can’t begin to address the subjective nature of news without first acknowledging it. And Facebook has gone out of its way to avoid doing that, for reasons that are central to its identity as a technology company.

For that matter, you don’t get that big by admitting that you’re a media company. As the New York Times’ John Herrman and Mike Isaac point out, 65 percent of Americans surveyed by Pew view the news media as a “negative influence on the country.” For technology companies, that number is just 17 percent. It’s very much in Facebook’s interest to remain a social network in the public’s eyes, even in the face of mounting evidence that it’s something much bigger than that. And it’s in Facebook’s interest to shift responsibility for controversial decisions from humans, whom we know to be biased, to algorithms, which we tend to lionize.

Human values shape the Trending section, too. The algorithm that surfaces the stories might skirt questions of bias by simply ranking them in order of popularity, thus delegating responsibility for story selection from Facebook’s employees to its users. Even that—the notion that what’s popular is worth highlighting—represents a human value judgment, albeit one that’s not particularly vulnerable to accusations of political bias. (That’s why Twitter isn’t in the same hot water over its own simpler trending topics module.)

The problem with an algorithm that simply harnesses the wisdom of the crowd is that the crowd isn’t always wise. The most popular stories at any given time might well be misleading, or sensationalist, or even full of lies. That’s why Facebook felt the need to hire humans to oversee it. This is in keeping with the company’s broader push for what it calls quality content, another term that entails value judgments without copping to them.

But Facebook instead opted to hire cheap contractors and went on to claim that their role is simply to “confirm that the topics are in fact trending news in the real world and not, for example, similar-sounding topics or misnomers.” That’s a dubious claim, even if you think the allegations of liberal bias are trumped up. If the curators’ job was really just about cleaning up the data, Facebook seems to have forgotten to tell that to the curators themselves, who described their mandate very differently to Gizmodo. They said they were encouraged to prioritize stories from certain outlets deemed reputable; to avoid news about, among other topics, Facebook itself; and to replace the word Twitter in headlines with something more vague, like social media. That may not be political bias, but it’s bias all the same. They also described choosing stories for the Trending section that may not have been surfaced by the algorithm but that seemed to them to be important or worthwhile, like stories about conflict in Syria or the Black Lives Matter movement.

The problem will not be solved by firing bad apples or instituting tougher guidelines. The only way for Facebook to extricate itself from this mess is to admit that journalism isn’t as simple as it thought. It’s to stop treating “curators” like drones and stop treating news like a data set to be optimized. It’s to build a real human curation team with a real editor in charge and an ethos and a mission and an understanding of the responsibilities involved in shaping how the news is framed to 1.6 billion people. Surely a company that pays its interns $11,000 a month in salary and benefits can afford it.",1
3495,Tax Calculator: The federal debt,"The federal government must make regular interest payments on the money it has borrowed to finance past deficits – that is, on the national debt held by the public.

The Congressional Budget Office has estimated that the federal government’s net interest payments on that debt will total $229 billion in the 2015 fiscal year. Working Americans end up having to foot that very large bill to varying degrees based on each individual taxpayer’s adjusted gross income.

Click here to see your share of the federal debt.

And the CBO expects that this challenge will accelerate over the next decade. Current interest rates are low by historical standards and higher interest rates means higher interest payments. It’s projected that net interest costs will more than triple over the next decade, reaching $808 billion in 2025.

These numbers pose a real threat. The CBO has issued warnings about the serious negative consequences that such high and rising debt and interest payments on the debt could have on both the economy and the federal budget.

“The large amount of debt might restrict policymakers’ ability to use tax and spending policies to respond to unexpected future challenges, such as economic downturns or financial crises,” the CBO said in a recent report.

In the same report, they also cautioned that continued growth in the debt could lead investors to doubt the government’s willingness or ability to pay its obligations, which would require the government to pay much higher interest rates on its borrowing going forward.",1
4930,Trump and advisers remain split on how far to move toward the middle,"Ten days after he appointed new campaign leadership, Donald Trump and many of his closest aides and allies remain divided on whether to adopt more mainstream stances or stick with the hard-line conservative positions at the core of his candidacy, according to people involved in the discussions.

Trump has been flooded with conflicting advice about where to land, with the tensions vividly illustrated this week as the GOP nominee publicly wrestled with himself on the details of his signature issue: immigration.

A particular flash point has been whether to forcibly deport an estimated 11 million illegal immigrants from the country, a move Trump long advocated but is now reconsidering.

“He has been listening to a wide range of opinions on that,” said former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani, who has been at Trump’s side nearly constantly over the past week. “As you might imagine, there are different opinions on this, even in his campaign. In a very thoughtful way, he’s trying to figure what the right position is.”

“By the way,” Giuliani added, “that’s what everybody criticized him for in the past: that he’s not able to do that. He actually is able to do that.”

The conversations in recent days have featured voices from a range of Republican views, all jockeying to tilt the businessman’s politics in their direction, according to those involved. Trump tends to echo the words of the last person with whom he spoke, making direct access to him even more valuable, the people said, speaking on the condition of anonymity to talk about internal campaign discussions.

Those pushing Trump to soften his stances and tone — and who have gained immense influence in recent days — include Giuliani, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and former Fox News chief Roger Ailes, a longtime ally who has no formal role with the campaign but talks to the candidate frequently and attended a strategy session last weekend. At recent private fundraisers, many Republican donors have also urged Trump to adopt a different pitch and rethink his priorities.

[Trump ‘softening’ on immigration? Many supporters don’t seem to mind]

Meanwhile, Trump continues to discuss immigration policy with Sen. Jeff Sessions (Ala.), who is seen as the populist force behind much of his candidacy. While he has defended and encouraged Trump’s deliberations, Sessions is considered a balancing force against more centrist appeals. So is new campaign chief executive Stephen Bannon, the former head of Breitbart News, the hard-charging conservative website.

Trump was joined on the trail this week by Giuliani and Sessions, along with Stephen Miller, a former aide to Sessions who has become a well-trusted confidant. His New York-based children continue to play an outsize role.

But any suggestion of change has alarmed some conservatives and ardent backers. Firebrand commentator Ann Coulter declared this week that it was “a mistake” for Trump to consider abandoning his support for mass deportations and said his tone “sounds very consultant to me.”

The back-and-forth over immigration comes amid broader efforts by Trump to reach out to voters beyond the disaffected whites who compose his base, including events such as a roundtable Friday with Hispanic business leaders in Las Vegas. Trump also lashed out this week at his Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton, for accusing him of appealing to racist elements, repeatedly labeling her a “bigot” because he says her policies don’t help minorities.

Last year, Trump cast illegal immigrants as being mostly violent criminals, and he rolled out an immigration plan that embraced ideas that had long dwelled at the fringes of the GOP: no longer granting citizenship to children born in the United States to illegal immigrants, constructing a massive wall along the border with Mexico and perhaps restricting some legal forms of immigration. In interviews, Trump added that he would form a “deportation force” to remove the millions of immigrants living in the country illegally.

But Saturday, Trump asked a panel of Hispanic advisers for alternate ideas and made clear that he was willing to change on the issue. The next day, newly installed campaign manager Kellyanne Conway, who has advised GOP candidates for years on how to win over swing voters, said in a CNN interview that Trump’s position on creating a deportation force was “to be determined.”

Over the next few days, Trump took a variety of positions that created a frenzy of confusion over where exactly he stands. On Tuesday, Trump said he was open to “softening” the rules for the millions of immigrants who came to the country illegally but are living peaceful and prosperous lives, only to say Thursday that his position is “hardening.”

At an immigration-focused town hall in Texas on Tuesday, which was later broadcast on Fox News, Trump repeatedly polled his audience on what he should do, allowing his internal conflicts to play out publicly.

“Can we go through a process? Or do you think they have to get out?” he asked the audience. “Tell me. I mean, I don’t know, you tell me.”

Trump provided the crowd a sympathetic portrait of a theoretical illegal immigrant who has been in the country more than a decade, building a life with children and a stable job. He repeatedly asked if that sort of person should be allowed to stay or be kicked out of the country, getting results that were often difficult to measure. At one point, Trump asked who in the crowd wanted all illegal immigrants thrown out, even the law-abiding ones, and a man stood up and bellowed: “I do!”

Fox News’s Sean Hannity then asked Trump: “You heard from the audience. What does your gut tell you you want to do?”

“Well, look, this is like a poll, this is like a poll,” Trump said. “And I love the guy that stood up and said — where is that guy? I love this guy. That’s my guy. I mean, I get it. I get it. And I understand what you’re saying. But this is sort of like a poll. And this is what I’m getting all over the country.”

Trump’s often contradictory comments on deportations came during interviews with Fox News or CNN, not during his campaign rallies. For two weeks, Trump has been reading prepared remarks from a teleprompter, a machine he had long cursed. As the week progressed, his control slipped and he went off-script more often — saying at a rally in Ohio on Monday that some urban areas are more dangerous than war zones and making a joke in Tampa on Wednesday about Clinton being medicated.

This week the campaign twice started to plan an event where Trump could give an immigration speech — an opportunity for him to settle on a position and document it — only to cancel without a clear explanation.

[Inside Donald Trump’s new strategy to counter the view of many that he is racist]

Trump’s comment about being open to “softening” laws to help illegal immigrants came Tuesday, the same day Coulter released her new book, “In Trump We Trust,” in which she writes that anything Trump does could be forgiven, “except change his immigration policies.” During an MSNBC interview that night, Coulter was obviously frustrated and threatened to cancel her book tour if the candidate clearly changed his position.

“I think this is a mistake. I’ve thought he’s made other mistakes, and I’ve given him constructive criticism when I think he makes a mistake,” she said. “I think this is a mistake.”

MSNBC’s Chris Matthews asked: “Does he take your criticism?”

“Um,” Coulter responded. “I haven’t had a lot, but yeah. No, he does listen to people. And I’m not advising him or anything, but I did write this magnificent book.”

By Wednesday, Coulter seemed confident again in Trump’s candidacy as she attended a book party in Washington and told Bloomberg News’s Joshua Green: “My worship for him is like the people of North Korea worship their Dear Leader — blind loyalty. Once he gave that Mexican rapist speech, I’ll walk across glass for him. That’s basically it. . . . I’ll criticize him, and I have, but it’s all minor stylistic stuff. We all want to shoot him at various times.”

Thursday, Trump took a different tone in an interview with CNN’s Anderson Cooper and said that he foresees “a lot of people being deported,” although he admitted such deportations could not all happen at once. Trump also doubled down on the notion that a majority of illegal immigrants are violent criminals who will be the first to go.

“And there are probably millions of them, but certainly hundreds of thousands,” he said. “Big numbers. They’re out. They’re out.”

At one point, Cooper asked Trump, “So if you haven’t committed a crime and you’ve been here for 15 years, and you have a family here, you have a job here, will you be deported?”

“We’re going to see what happens once we strengthen up our border,” Trump replied, describing that strength in detail. “And then we’re going to see what happens. But there is a very good chance the answer could be yes. We’re going to see what happens.”",1
4904,Clinton in the final stretch: winning over anti-Trump contingent may be best play,"Hillary Clinton’s summer ends abruptly on Monday. For several weeks, the presidential frontrunner has toured the homes of America’s rich and famous, hosted by Justin Timberlake, welcomed by Magic Johnson and serenaded by Jimmy Buffett, Jon Bon Jovi and Paul McCartney.



It all helped swell Democratic coffers by a record $143m in August, crucial ammunition for the 64 days of TV advertising left between now and the general election. It also allowed an exhausted campaign to recharge its batteries following months on the road and July’s convention in Philadelphia.

But on Labor Day, Clinton swaps the beaches of Cape Cod and Long Island for the rust-belt towns of Ohio and Iowa, scenes of her bruising primary race against Bernie Sanders and home to a stubbornly loyal pockets of blue-collar support for Donald Trump.

She won’t be alone. Monday’s events in Cleveland and the Quad Cities, industrial towns bordering Iowa and Illinois, will debut a new campaign plane, large enough to carry the traveling reporters who were hitherto consigned to tagging along behind.

Journalists have complained for months about a lack of access to Clinton, who has not held a conference for 276 days. Her campaign has accused the media of fixating on that daily tally and ignoring the interviews she gives to select cable anchors or local news stations.

“This 257 days nonsense is ludicrous. When has it been the norm that a presidential candidate regularly does press conferences?” spokesman Nick Merrill askedreporters on Thursday. He then promised one “soon”.

The new aircraft is nothing if not symbolic: it launches the start of an intense period of travel and scrutiny during the debates and rallies before election day on 8 November.

The plane also provides room for key Clinton aides to escape their headquarters in Brooklyn and gain important time with the boss. Her loyal gatekeeper Huma Abedin will likely stand guard, returning to the plane after a period of absence that aides insist has nothing to do with the very public break-up of her marriage to former congressman Anthony Weiner.

Campaign manager Robby Mook and chairman John Podesta have their own challenge: working out where to direct the plane. Some campaign destinations are obvious, such as the swing states of Ohio, Florida, New Hampshire, Nevada, Iowa and North Carolina. Some in rust-belt states such as Pennsylvania, Wisconsin and Michigan are getting more attention this time thanks to Trump’s appeal to the white working class. Colorado and Virginia look well out of his reach.

The bigger question is whether to take the battle into enemy territory. Trump has proved so unpopular among some Republican voters, minorities and women, that deep red territory is perhaps in play. States such as Arizona, Utah and Georgia, which haven’t voted Democrat in decades, could be vulnerable in the winner-take-all electoral college system – and Clinton has superior fundraising and a vastly more organised network of campaign offices.

Her campaign is at least testing the waters. On Friday, Clinton began airing TV ads in Arizona, where Mitt Romney beat Barack Obama by nearly 10 points. Clinton’s husband is the only Democrat to have won the state in a presidential election since 1952.

Her campaign is also spending money in Nebraska, one of two states that splits electoral college votes and therefore offers Clinton a chance to peel off electors from the relatively liberal city of Omaha. Even Utah, where Trump has riled conservative Mormons, has seen the Clinton campaign open a field office.

Whether these moves amount to a radical new strategy or clever feints to trick Trump is not clear. Some inside Clinton’s Brooklyn headquarters are reportedly cheering that moves into Republican heartlands appear to have Trump spending time and money in places he ought to take for granted – for instance, by staging a major immigration speech in Arizona.

Yet the confidence could easily become complacency too. Clinton’s healthy lead following the party’s convention has eroded in recent weeks, slipping down to the low single digits in some key states. Not only are the headline polls too close for comfort, but Americans still stubbornly dislike Clinton and Trump by enormous margins. A record number of Americans now say they dislike Clinton, according to a Washington Post-ABC News poll that showed 41% of Americans have a favorable impression of her, while 56% have an unfavorable one.

Though she enjoys a powerful coalition of support in Washington, particularly from the Obama administration, political surrogates cannot necessarily translate her shower their popularity on friends.

“This ain’t over man. This is not over,” Joe Biden warned at a rally for Clinton in Cleveland on Thursday, where one supporter confessed he was actually planning to vote Trump but came along because he just liked the vice-president.

The scepticism of many independent voters may also help explain the decision by Clinton’s communications director Jennifer Palmieri to shield the candidate from the rough-and-tumble of open press conferences, where generally risks are high and rewards low.

Clinton’s campaign has expressed frustration with the questions of trustworthiness, particularly over her private emails system that appear to reinforce a reputation of favoritism and privilege built up by the Clintons. Aides also complain that she does not get the recognition she deserves for developing many more new policy ideas than most candidates.

“People criticise me for having so many plans,” Clinton told a lukewarm audience of military veterans in Cincinnati on Wednesday. “People say, Oh there she goes with another plan about mental health, or whatever,” she added. “But I have this old fashioned idea that if you are going to ask to be president if you have to have a plan.”



Yet the campaign is under no illusion about the nature of this year’s fight. If hunkering down away from the press while outspending Trump – she has raised more money than the GDP of small Pacific nations – is what it takes to beat him, then so be it.

“This is not a normal election,” Clinton said at the American Legion convention in Cincinnati. “This election shouldn’t be about ideology, it’s not just about differences over policy. It’s about who has the experience and temperament to serve as president and commander and chief.”

“The stakes this fall are as high as any election in our lifetimes.”

Huma Abedin, Clinton’s right-hand woman and gatekeeper. Robby Mook, the campaign manager in charge of her election machine. John Podesta, family friend, campaign chairman and former chief of staff to Bill Clinton. Jennifer Palmieri, former Obama communications director now fielding flak for Clinton. Neera Tanden, key figure in transition team preparing the clan for power.

The campaign slogan “stronger together” captures Clinton’s broad belief in a more socially inclusive America, but the underlying policies range widely from a jobs program and infrastructure spending, to making college more affordable and tackling climate change. On trade and social security, she has moved to the left, rhetorically, at least.



Clinton’s experience as secretary of state, senator and activist first lady make her one of the most qualified candidates to run for office. Supporters also point to her resilience in the face of setbacks, long track record of social activism and historic achievement as the first woman nominee of a major party.

The biggest handicap according to opinion polls is a perceived lack of trust among voters, something exacerbated by years of attacks on Clinton family “scandals” and an ongoing controversy over her private email server. Voters sometimes also talk about finding her inauthentic and lacking warmth.

African Americans, women, Latinos, college-educated men – in short, a vast swath of the increasingly diverse US electorate. Geographically, the strongest support for Democrats is heavily concentrated on the coasts however.",1
3146,Vatican Ends Scrutiny Of U.S. Nuns,"Updated at 10:04 a.m. ET

The Vatican has announced an end to an overhaul of the Leadership Conference of Women Religious — an abrupt conclusion to a five-year doctrinal overhaul of the main umbrella group for nuns in the U.S. that began in 2012.

The Vatican said Thursday that it has accepted a report on the overhaul of the LCWR ""marking the conclusion of the Doctrinal Assessment"" of the umbrella group.

NPR's Sylvia Poggioli tells our Newscast unit the unexpected announcement is seen as a sign of Pope Francis' focus on a more merciful church.

LCWR leaders met with Pope Francis later Thursday, during their annual visit to Rome. David Gibson of Religion News Service described the meeting as ""another indicator of the thaw in relations."" He added:

The Rev. James Martin, SJ., editor at large of the Jesuit magazine America, said in a Facebook post that the LCWR agreed to implement some changes, ""mainly regarding speakers and liturgies at its annual conventions. But overall, the operations of the LCWR remains intact.""

Joshua J. McElwee, writing in the National Catholic Reporter, said the ""news seems to bring to an end what had been an especially contentious period between the women religious and the Vatican.""

At issue was an investigation of the LCWR that began in 2012 under Cardinal William Levada, the previous head of the Vatican's theological watchdog. As NPR's Scott Neuman reported at the time, ""the Vatican issued a report declaring that the umbrella group representing most American nuns had strayed from church doctrine and adopted 'radical feminist' views. Rome ordered Seattle's archbishop to begin monitoring all operations of the Leadership Conference of Women Religious."" The investigation called for a five-year doctrinal overhaul of the group.

Sister Simone Campbell, head of the Catholic social justice lobby Network, told NPR at the time that the investigation came ""like a sock in the stomach.""

A separate Vatican investigation into U.S. nuns ended last December with the Vatican expressing what NPR's Sylvia Poggioli called ""appreciation for the dedicated work of nuns in education, health and among the poor.""",1
4489,How Clinton’s email scandal took root,"Hillary Clinton’s email problems began in her first days as secretary of state. She insisted on using her personal BlackBerry for all her email communications, but she wasn’t allowed to take the device into her seventh-floor suite of offices, a secure space known as Mahogany Row.

For Clinton, this was frustrating. As a political heavyweight and chief of the nation’s diplomatic corps, she needed to manage a torrent of email to stay connected to colleagues, friends and supporters. She hated having to put her BlackBerry into a lockbox before going into her own office.

Her aides and senior officials pushed to find a way to enable her to use the device in the secure area. But their efforts unsettled the diplomatic security bureau, which was worried that foreign intelligence services could hack her BlackBerry and transform it into a listening device.

On Feb. 17, 2009, less than a month into Clinton’s tenure, the issue came to a head. Department security, intelligence and technology specialists, along with five officials from the National Security Agency, gathered in a Mahogany Row conference room. They explained the risks to Cheryl Mills, Clinton’s chief of staff, while also seeking “mitigation options” that would accommodate Clinton’s wishes.

“The issue here is one of personal comfort,” one of the participants in that meeting, Donald Reid, the department’s senior coordinator for security infrastructure, wrote afterward in an email that described Clinton’s inner circle of advisers as “dedicated [BlackBerry] addicts.”

Clinton used her BlackBerry as the group continued looking for a solution. But unknown to diplomatic security and technology officials at the department, there was another looming communications vulnerability: Clinton’s Black­Berry was digitally tethered to a private email server in the basement of her family home, some 260 miles to the north in Chappaqua, N.Y., documents and interviews show.

Those officials took no steps to protect the server against intruders and spies, because they apparently were not told about it.

The vulnerability of Clinton’s basement server is one of the key unanswered questions at the heart of a scandal that has dogged her campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination.

Since Clinton’s private email account was brought to light a year ago in a New York Times report — followed by an Associated Press report revealing the existence of the server — the matter has been a source of nonstop national news. Private groups have filed lawsuits under the Freedom of Information Act. Investigations were begun by congressional committees and inspector general’s offices in the State Department and the U.S. Intelligence Community, which referred the case to the FBI in July for “counterintelligence purposes” after determining that the server carried classified material.

The FBI is now trying to determine whether a crime was committed in the handling of that classified material. It is also examining whether the server was hacked.

Dozens of FBI personnel have been deployed to run down leads, according to a lawmaker briefed by FBI Director James B. Comey. The FBI has accelerated the investigation because officials want to avoid the possibility of announcing any action too close to the election.

The Washington Post reviewed hundreds of documents and interviewed more than a dozen knowledgeable government officials to understand the decisions and the implications of Clinton’s actions. The resulting scandal revolves around questions about classified information, the preservation of government records and the security of her email communication.

From the earliest days, Clinton aides and senior officials focused intently on accommodating the secretary’s desire to use her private email account, documents and interviews show.

Throughout, they paid insufficient attention to laws and regulations governing the handling of classified material and the preservation of government records, interviews and documents show. They also neglected repeated warnings about the security of the BlackBerry while Clinton and her closest aides took obvious security risks in using the basement server.

Senior officials who helped Clinton with her BlackBerry claim they did not know details of the basement server, the State Department said, even though they received emails from her private account. One email written by a senior official mentioned the server.

The scandal has pitted those who say Clinton was innocently trying to find the easiest way to communicate against those who say she placed herself above the law in a quest for control of her records. She and her campaign have been accused of confusing matters with contradictory and evolving statements that minimized the consequences of her actions.

Clinton, 68, declined to be interviewed. She has said repeatedly that her use of the private server was benign and that there is no evidence of any intrusion.

In a news conference last March, she said: “I opted for convenience to use my personal email account, which was allowed by the State Department, because I thought it would be easier to carry just one device for my work and for my personal emails instead of two.”

During a Democratic debate on March 9, she acknowledged using poor judgment but maintained she was permitted to use her own server: “It wasn’t the best choice. I made a mistake. It was not prohibited. It was not in any way dis­allowed.”

The unfolding story of Clinton’s basement server has outraged advocates of government transparency and mystified political supporters and adversaries alike. Judge Emmet G. Sullivan of the U.S. District Court in Washington, D.C., who is presiding over one of the FOIA lawsuits, has expressed puzzlement over the affair. He noted that Clinton put the State Department in the position of having to ask her to return thousands of government records — her work email.

“Am I missing something?” Sullivan asked during a Feb. 23 hearing. “How in the world could this happen?”

Hillary Clinton began preparing to use the private basement server after President Obama picked her to be his secretary of state in November 2008. The system was already in place. It had been set up for former president Bill Clinton, who used it for personal and Clinton Foundation business.

On Jan. 13, 2009, a longtime aide to Bill Clinton registered a private email domain for Hillary Clinton, clintonemail.com, that would allow her to send and receive email through the server.

Eight days later, she was sworn in as secretary of state. Among the multitude of challenges she faced was how to integrate email into her State Department routines. Because Clinton did not use desktop computers, she relied on her personal BlackBerry, which she had started using three years earlier.

For years, employees across the government had used official and private email accounts.

The new president was making broad promises about government transparency that had a bearing on Clinton’s communication choices. In memos to his agency chiefs, Obama said his administration would promote accountability through the disclosure of a wide array of information, one part of a “profound national commitment to ensuring an open government.” That included work emails.

One year earlier, during her own presidential campaign, Clinton had said that if elected, “we will adopt a presumption of openness and Freedom of Information Act requests and urge agencies to release information quickly.”

But in those first few days, Clinton’s senior advisers were already taking steps that would help her circumvent those high-flown words, according to a chain of internal State Department emails released to Judicial Watch, a conservative nonprofit organization suing the government over Clinton’s emails.

Leading that effort was Mills, Clinton’s chief of staff. She was joined by Clinton adviser Huma Abedin, Undersecretary Patrick Kennedy and Lewis Lukens, a senior career official who served as Clinton’s logistics chief. Their focus was on accommodating Clinton.

Mills wondered whether the department could get her an encrypted device like the one from the NSA that Obama used.

“If so, how can we get her one?” Mills wrote the group on Saturday evening, Jan. 24.

Lukens responded that same evening, saying he could help set up “a stand alone PC in the Secretary’s office, connected to the internet (but not through our system) to enable her to check her emails from her desk.”

Abedin and Mills declined to comment for this article, according to Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon. Lukens also declined to comment, according to the State Department.

As undersecretary for management, Kennedy occupies a central role in Clinton’s email saga. The department acknowledged that Kennedy, as part of his normal duties, helped Clinton with her BlackBerry. But in a statement, the department said: “Under Secretary Kennedy maintains that he was unaware of the email server. Completely separate from that issue, Under Secretary Kennedy was aware that at the beginning of her tenure, Secretary Clinton’s staff was interested in setting up a computer at the Department so she could email her family during the work day.

“As we have previously made clear — no such computer was ever set up. Furthermore, Under Secretary Kennedy had very little insight into Secretary Clinton’s email practices including how ­frequently or infrequently then-Secretary Clinton used email.”

As it happened, Clinton would never have a government BlackBerry, personal computer or email account. A request for a secure device from the NSA was rebuffed at the outset: “The current state of the art is not too user friendly, has no infrastructure at State, and is very expensive,” Reid, the security official, wrote in an email on Feb. 13, adding that “each time we asked the question ‘What was the solution for POTUS?’ we were politely told to shut up and color.”

Clinton would continue to use her BlackBerry for virtually all of her government communication, but not on Mahogany Row.

Her first known BlackBerry communication through the basement server came on Jan. 28, 2009, when Clinton exchanged notes with Army Gen. David H. Petraeus, then chief of the U.S. Central Command, according to a State Department spokeswoman. It has not been released.

Few knew the details behind the new clintonemail.com address. But news about her choice to use her own BlackBerry spread quickly among the department’s diplomatic security and “intelligence countermeasures” specialists.

Their fears focused on the seventh floor, which a decade earlier had been the target of Russian spies who managed to plant a listening device inside a decorative chair-rail molding not far from Mahogany Row. In more recent years, in a series of widely publicized cyberattacks, hackers breached computers at the department along with those at other federal agencies and several major corporations.

The State Department security officials were distressed about the possibility that Clinton’s BlackBerry could be compromised and used for eavesdropping, documents and interviews show.

After the meeting on Feb. 17 with Mills, security officials in the department crafted a memo about the risks. And among themselves, they expressed concern that other department employees would follow the “bad example” and seek to use insecure BlackBerrys themselves, emails show.

As they worked on the memo, they were aware of a speech delivered by Joel F. Brenner, then chief of counterintelligence at the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, on Feb. 24 at a hotel in Vienna, Va., a State Department document shows. Brenner urged his audience to consider what could have happened to them during a visit to the recent Beijing Olympics.

“Your phone or BlackBerry could have been tagged, tracked, monitored and exploited between your disembarking the airplane and reaching the taxi stand at the airport,” Brenner said. “And when you emailed back home, some or all of the malware may have migrated to your home server. This is not hypothetical.”

At the time, Clinton had just returned from an official trip that took her to China and elsewhere in Asia. She was embarking on another foray to the Middle East and Europe. She took her BlackBerry with her.

In early March, Assistant Secretary for Diplomatic Security Eric Boswell delivered a memo with the subject line “Use of Blackberries in Mahogany Row.”

“Our review reaffirms our belief that the vulnerabilities and risks associated with the use of Blackberries in the Mahogany Row [redacted] considerably outweigh the convenience their use can add,” the memo said.

He emphasized: “Any unclassified Blackberry is highly vulnerable in any setting to remotely and covertly monitoring conversations, retrieving e-mails, and exploiting calendars.”

Nine days later, Clinton told Boswell that she had read his memo and “gets it,” according to an email sent by a senior diplomatic security official. “Her attention was drawn to the sentence that indicates (Diplomatic Security) have intelligence concerning this vulnerability during her recent trip to Asia,” the email said.

But Clinton kept using her private BlackBerry — and the basement server.

The server was nothing remarkable, the kind of system often used by small businesses, according to people familiar with its configuration at the end of her tenure. It consisted of two off-the-shelf server computers. Both were equipped with antivirus software. They were linked by cable to a local Internet service provider. A firewall was used as protection against hackers.

Few could have known it, but the email system operated in those first two months without the standard encryption generally used on the Internet to protect communication, according to an independent analysis that Venafi Inc., a cybersecurity firm that specializes in the encryption process, took upon itself to publish on its website after the scandal broke.

Not until March 29, 2009 — two months after Clinton began using it — did the server receive a “digital certificate” that protected communication over the Internet through encryption, according to Venafi’s analysis.

It is unknown whether the system had some other way to encrypt the email traffic at the time. Without encryption — a process that scrambles communication for anyone without the correct key — email, attachments and passwords are transmitted in plain text.

“That means that anyone could have accessed it. Anyone,” Kevin Bocek, vice president of threat intelligence at Venafi, told The Post.

The system had other features that made it vulnerable to talented hackers, including a software program that enabled users to log on directly from the World Wide Web.

Four computer-security specialists interviewed by The Post said that such a system could be made reasonably secure but that it would need constant monitoring by people trained to look for irregularities in the server’s logs.

“For data of this sensitivity . . . we would need at a minimum a small team to do monitoring and hardening,” said Jason Fossen, a computer-security specialist at the SANS Institute, which provides cybersecurity training around the world.

The man Clinton has said maintained and monitored her server was Bryan Pagliano, who had worked as the technology chief for her political action committee and her presidential campaign. It is not clear whether he had any help. Pagliano had also provided computer services to the Clinton family. In 2008, he received more than $5,000 for that work, according to financial disclosure statements he filed with the government.

In May 2009, with Kennedy’s help, Pagliano landed a job as a political employee in the State Department’s IT division, documents and interviews show. It was an unusual arrangement.

At the same time, Pagliano apparently agreed to maintain the basement server. Officials in the IT division have told investigators they could not recall previously hiring a political appointee. Three of Pagliano’s supervisors also told investigators they had no idea that Clinton used the basement server or that Pagliano was moonlighting on it.

Through an attorney, Pagliano declined a request from The Post for an interview. He also refused a request from the Senate Judiciary and Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs committees to discuss his role. On Sept. 1, 2015, his attorney told the committees that he would invoke his Fifth Amendment rights if any attempt was made to compel his testimony. He was later given immunity by the Justice Department in exchange for his cooperation, according to articles in the New York Times and The Post.

In a statement, Clinton’s campaign said the server was protected but declined to provide technical details. Clinton officials have said that server logs given to authorities show no signs of hacking.

“The security and integrity of her family’s electronic communications was taken seriously from the onset when it was first set up for President Clinton’s team,” the statement said. “Suffice it to say, robust protections were put in place and additional upgrades and techniques employed over time as they became available, including consulting and employing third party experts.”

The statement added that “there is no evidence there was ever a breach.”

The number of emails moving through the basement system increased quickly as Hillary Clinton dove into the endless details of her globetrotting job. There were 62,320 in all, an average of 296 a week, nearly 1,300 a month, according to numbers Clinton later reported to the State Department. About half of them were work-related.

Her most frequent correspondent was Mills, her chief of staff, who sent thousands of notes. Next came Abedin, the deputy chief of staff, and Jacob Sullivan, also a deputy chief of staff, according to a tally by The Post.

Clinton used hdr22@clintonemail.com as her address, making it immediately apparent that the emails were not coming from or going to a government address.

Most of her emails were routine, including those sent to friends. Some involved the coordination of efforts to bring aid to Haiti by the State Department and her husband’s New York-based Clinton Foundation — notes that mixed government and family business, the emails show.

Others involved classified matters. State Department and Intelligence Community officials have determined that 2,093 email chains contained classified information. Most of the classified emails have been labeled as “confidential,” the lowest level of classification. Clinton herself authored 104 emails that contained classified material, a Post analysis later found.

Before the server received a digital certificate marking the use of standard encryption, Clinton and her aides exchanged notes touching on North Korea, Mexico, Afghanistan, military advisers, CIA operations and a briefing for Obama.

Clinton adviser Philippe Reines wrote a note to her about Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai. Reines started his note by reminding Clinton that Reines’s “close friend Jeremy Bash is now [CIA Director Leon E.] Panetta’s Chief of Staff.” The rest of the note was redacted before release, under grounds that it was national-security-sensitive.

On Sunday, March 29, 2009, just hours before standard encryption on the server began, Sullivan emailed Clinton a draft of a confidential report she was to make to Obama. “Attached is a draft of your Mexico trip report to POTUS,” Sullivan wrote.

In the high-pressure world of diplomacy, the sharing of such material had been a discreet but common practice for many years. Officials who manage problems around the clock require a never-ending flow of incisive information to make timely decisions.

Not all classified material is equally sensitive. Much of it involves discussions about foreign countries or leaders, not intelligence sources and methods. Working with classified materials can be cumbersome and, in the case of low-level classification, annoying.

On Feb. 10, 2010, in an exchange with Sullivan, Clinton vented her frustration one day when she wanted to read a statement regarding José Miguel Insulza, then secretary general of the Organization of American States. Sullivan wrote that he could not send it to her immediately because the department had put it on the classified network.

“It’s a public statement! Just email it,” Clinton shot back, just moments later.

“Trust me, I share your exasperation,” Sullivan wrote. “But until ops converts it to the unclassified email system, there is no physical way for me to email it. I can’t even access it.”

Early on June 17, 2011, Clinton grew impatient as she waited for “talking points” about a sensitive matter that had to be delivered via a secure line.

“They say they’ve had issues sending secure fax. They’re working on it,” Sullivan wrote his boss.

Clinton told him to take a shortcut.

“If they can’t, turn into nonpaper w no identifying heading and send nonsecure,” she said.

Clinton spokesman Fallon said she was not trying to circumvent the classification system.

“What she was asking was that any information that could be transmitted on the unclassified system be transmitted,” he said. “It is wrong to suggest that she was requesting otherwise. The State Department looked into this and confirmed that no classified material was sent through a non-secure fax or email.”

Security remained a constant concern. On June 28, 2011, in response to reports that Gmail accounts of government workers had been targeted by “online adversaries,” a note went out over Clinton’s name urging department employees to “avoid conducting official Department business from your personal email accounts.”

But she herself ignored the warning and continued using her BlackBerry and the basement server.

In December 2012, near the end of Clinton’s tenure, a nonprofit group called Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, or CREW, filed a FOIA request seeking records about her email. CREW received a response in May 2013: “no records responsive to your request were located.”

Other requests for Clinton records met the same fate — until the State Department received a demand from the newly formed House Select Committee on Benghazi in July 2014. The committee wanted Clinton’s email, among other things, to see what she and others knew about the deadly attack in Libya and the response by the U.S. government.

Officials in the department’s congressional affairs office found some Clinton email and saw that she had relied on the private domain, not the department’s system.

Secretary of State John F. Kerry resolved to round up the Clinton emails and deliver them to Congress as quickly as possible. Department officials reached out to Clinton informally in the summer of 2014. On Oct. 28, 2014, the department contacted Clinton and the offices of three other former secretaries — Madeleine K. Albright, Condoleezza Rice and Colin L. Powell — asking if they had any email or other federal records in their possession.

Albright and Rice said they did not use email while at State. Powell, secretary of state from 2001 to 2005, had a private email account through America Online but did not retain copies of his emails. The inspector general for the State Department found that Powell’s personal email account had received two emails from staff that contained “national security information classified at the Secret or Confidential levels.”

Clinton lawyer David Kendall later told the State Department that her “use of personal email was consistent with the practices of other Secretaries of State,” citing Powell in particular, according to a letter he wrote in August.

But Powell’s circumstances also differed from Clinton’s in notable ways. Powell had a phone line installed in his office solely to link to his private account, which he generally used for personal or non-classified communication. At the time, he was pushing the department to embrace the Internet era and wanted to set an example.

“I performed a little test whenever I visited an embassy: I’d dive into the first open office I could find (sometimes it was the ambassador’s office). If the computer was on, I’d try to get into my private email account,” Powell wrote in “It Worked for Me: In Life and Leadership.” “If I could, they passed.”

Powell conducted virtually all of his classified communications on paper or over a State Department computer installed on his desk that was reserved for classified information, according to interviews. Clinton never had such a desktop or a classified email account, according to the State Department.

On Dec. 5, 2014, Clinton lawyers delivered 12 file boxes filled with printed paper containing more than 30,000 emails. Clinton withheld almost 32,000 emails deemed to be of a personal nature.

The department began releasing the emails last May, starting with some 296 emails requested by the Benghazi committee. In reviewing those emails, intelligence officials realized that some contained classified material.

Clinton and her campaign have offered various responses to questions about the classifications. At first, she flat-out denied that her server ever held any. “There is no classified material,” she said at a March 10, 2015, news conference.

Her campaign later released a statement saying she could not have known whether material was classified, because it was not labeled as such. “No information in Clinton’s emails was marked classified at the time she sent or received them,” the statement said.

Clinton has also suggested that many of the emails were classified as a formality only because they were being prepared for release under a FOIA request. Her campaign has said that much of the classified material — in emails sent by more than 300 individuals — came from newspaper accounts and other public sources.

“What you are talking about is retroactive classification,” she said during a recent debate. “And I think what we have got here is a case of overclassification.” Her statement appears to conflict with a report to Congress last year by inspectors general from the State Department and the group of spy agencies known as the Intelligence Community. They made their report after the discovery that four emails, from a sample of 40 that went through her server, contained classified information.

“These emails were not retro­actively classified by the State Department,” the report said. “Rather these emails contained classified information when they were generated and, according to IC classification officials, that information remains classified today. This classified information should never have been transmitted via an unclassified personal system.”

One of those four emails has since been declassified and released publicly by the State Department. The department has questioned the classification of another of those emails.

Twenty-two emails discovered later were deemed so highly classified that they were withheld in their entirety from public release. “They are on their face sensitive and obviously classified,” Rep. Chris Stewart (R-Utah), a member of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, told The Post. “This information should have been maintained in the most secure, classified, top-secret servers.”

Fallon pointed out that none of those emails originated with Clinton, something that he said Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.), the Senate Select Intelligence Committee vice chairman, has noted. “We strongly disagree with the decision to withhold these emails in full,” he said.

Under Title 18, Section 1924, of federal law, it is a misdemeanor punishable by fines and imprisonment for a federal employee to knowingly remove classified information “without authority and with the intent to retain such documents or materials at an unauthorized location.”

Previous cases brought under the law have required proof of an intent to mishandle classified information, a high hurdle in the Clinton case. The basement server also put Clinton at risk of violating laws and regulations aimed at protecting and preserving government records.

In a statement, Clinton’s campaign said she had received “guidance regarding the need to preserve federal records” and followed those rules. “It was her practice to email government employees on their ‘.gov’ email address. That way, work emails would be immediately captured and preserved in government ­record-keeping systems,” the statement said.

Fallon said that “over 90 percent” of the more than 30,000 work-related emails “were to or from government email accounts.”

Specialists interviewed by The Post said her practices fell short of what laws and regulations mandated. Some of those obligations were spelled out a few months before Clinton took office in National Archives and Records Administration Bulletin 2008-05, which said every email system was supposed to “permit easy and timely retrieval” of the records.

The secretary of state’s work emails are supposed to be preserved permanently. In addition, rules also mandated that permanent records are to be sent to the department’s Records Service Center “at the end of the Secretary’s tenure or sooner if necessary” for safekeeping.

Under Title 18, Section 2071, it is a Class E felony to take federal records without authorization, something that is sometimes referred to as the “alienation” of records. The law is rarely enforced, but a conviction can carry a fine or imprisonment.

Jason R. Baron, a former director of litigation at the National Archives and Records Administration, told the Senate Judiciary Committee last year he believed that Clinton’s server ran afoul of the rules. In a memo to the committee, Baron wrote that “the setting up of and maintaining a private email network as the sole means to conduct official business by email, coupled with the failure to timely return email records into government custody, amounts to actions plainly inconsistent with the federal recordkeeping laws.”

On May 19, 2015, in response to a FOIA lawsuit from the media organization Vice News, U.S. District Judge Rudolph Contreras ordered all the email to be released in stages, with re­dactions.

One notable email was sent in August 2011. Stephen Mull, then serving as the department’s executive secretary, emailed Abedin, Mills and Kennedy about getting a government-issued BlackBerry linked to a government server for Clinton.

“We are working to provide the Secretary per her request a Department issued Blackberry to replace personal unit, which is malfunctioning (possibly because of her personal email server is down.) We will prepare two version for her to use — one with an operating State Department email account (which would mask her identity, but which would also be subject to FOIA requests).”

“Steve — let’s discuss the state blackberry. doesn’t make a whole lot of sense.”

Fallon said the email showed that the secretary’s staff “opposed the idea of her identity being masked.”

Last month, in a hearing about a Judicial Watch lawsuit, U.S. District Judge Sullivan cited that email as part of the reason he ordered the State Department produce records related to its initial failures in the FOIA searches for Clinton’s records.

Speaking in open court, Sullivan said legitimate questions have been raised about whether Clinton’s staff was trying to help her to sidestep FOIA.

“We’re talking about a Cabinet-level official who was accommodated by the government for reasons unknown to the public. And I think that’s a fair statement: For reasons heretofore unknown to the public. And all the public can do is speculate,” he said, adding: “This is all about the public’s right to know.”

Alice Crites contributed to this report. 

 

CORRECTION: An earlier version of this article incorrectly said that Clinton used two different email addresses, sometimes interchangeably, as secretary of state. She used only hdr22@clintonemail.com as secretary of state.  Also, an earlier version of this article reported that 147 FBI agents had been detailed to the investigation, according to a lawmaker briefed by FBI Director James B. Comey. Two U.S. law enforcement officials have since told The Washington Post that figure is too high. The FBI will not provide an exact figure, but the officials say the number of FBI personnel involved is fewer than 50.

 

",1
4454,The Disappearing Middle: Electorate Way Less Moderate Than Past Primaries,"The Disappearing Middle: Electorate Way Less Moderate Than Past Primaries

One of the biggest stories of the election cycle is turnout (as we've reported a few times now): Republican turnout has spiked far beyond 2012 levels, and Democratic turnout has fallen off after the party's mammoth 2008.

The tone and the turnout are vastly different between Republicans and Democrats this year, but oddly enough, both sides have something crucial in common: their voters are far less moderate than they were in their last primaries.

Let's start with the Republican numbers. The below chart shows the ideological difference between the Republican electorate this year and in 2012. Each dot represents one state — so, for example, 33 percent of Vermont Republican primary voters in 2016 said they considered themselves moderate or liberal, compared to 53 percent in 2012. That puts Vermont at negative-20 for ""somewhat conservative"" — the most extreme result we found among the 15 GOP states for which there was sufficient exit-poll data.

It's true exit polls can have a margin of error, but there's no mistaking a pattern here. In no state did the share of ""moderate"" and ""liberal"" GOP primary voters grow from 2012 to 2016. (The exit polls lumped moderate and liberal together in 2012, so they're not separated out here.)

Altogether, an NPR analysis finds that the share of ""somewhat conservative"" voters on the GOP side climbed by nearly 10 percentage points in 2016 over 2012's primaries. (That is, among the states with exit polling data for both years). The share who were moderate or liberal, meanwhile, fell by around 9 percentage points, and the share who were ""very conservative"" held relatively steady.

Something similar is at work on the Democratic side, as well:

The share of moderate and conservative Democratic voters was down — sometimes dramatically so — in most states that have voted thus far. Meanwhile, the share of people who are somewhat or very liberal is way up.

This year, around 60 percent of Democratic primary voters said they considered themselves ""somewhat"" or ""very liberal,"" up from around 45 percent in 2008 (once again, among states with sufficient exit polling data for both years).

So interestingly, though voters on both sides are less moderate than in the last contests, Democrats this year have more decidedly moved toward the ""very liberal"" end of the spectrum. Republican voters, meanwhile, are way more ""somewhat conservative"" than in 2012, but don't appear to be more ""very conservative.""

One thing to keep in mind: Republican turnout across the board is higher this year. That means there are still a few more moderate and liberal Republican primary and caucus voters this cycle than there were in the 2012 primaries — it's just that the number of somewhat conservative Republicans shot up way more.

Likewise, Democratic turnout is down almost entirely across the board. Interestingly, even with the sharp drop off in turnout, multiplying the exit poll data by the turnout numbers suggests that the raw number of ""very liberal"" Democratic voters is, in fact, up slightly from 2008. However, the number of moderate and conservative voters dropped off steeply. And even though the share of ""somewhat liberal"" voters is up, the raw number is also down.

But anyway: all of this could mean that a bunch of moderate and conservative Democrats who voted in 2008 stayed home this year, while a lot of those somewhat and very liberal Democrats from 2008 came out again. Likewise, it could mean that the Republican wave of turnout is driven largely by a bunch of ""somewhat conservative"" voters who weren't there in 2012.

And looking at the results so far, there are simple explanations to why this might be happening. The very-liberal Bernie Sanders is probably driving some of the turnout among very-liberal voters. It's likewise possible that the somewhat-conservative Trump is behind the bump in somewhat conservative voters in Republican primaries (while Ted Cruz does better among very conservative voters, and John Kasich gets more votes among moderates).

But then, it might not just be candidate-driven: it's possible that lots of people have simply become more conservative or liberal than they were four or eight years ago. This is also to some degree plausible, as there is evidence that Americans are getting more polarized.

In other words, there's a chicken-egg question here, with no clear answer — chances are, they're both right. To the degree that voters are more polarized, they're gravitating toward more extreme candidates. And Sanders and Trump also both happen to be very good at energizing people to turn out and vote for them.",1
4708,"Hannity: WikiLeaks Has Proven That ""Everything The Conspiracy Theorists Said"" Was True","Radio host Sean Hannity said on his show Wednesday that the latest revelations about Hillary Clinton's campaign from WikiLeaks prove that ""everything that conspiracy theorists have said over the years"" is true. 

 

 His examples: 

 

 -- ""Hillary knew that Saudi Arabia and Qatar were funding ISIS."" 

 

 -- ""Hillary Clinton’s dream of a hemispheric common market; open trade and open borders."" 

 

 -- ""Left wing activists plot[ting] a Catholic Spring and [infiltrating] the Catholic Church."" 

 

 -- The media ""conspiring to release [debate] quesitons to Hillary Clinton ahead of time.""

 

 -- Clinton aides ""advancing progressive ideology to foment revolution.""

 

 ""They’re propagandizing you, they’re posing as objective journalists and they are not,"" he said about CNN, the New York Times, CNBC and the Boston Globe. ""This is a mass media assault on your mind."" 

 

 ""This is like, you know, Communism in the Soviet Union propaganda,"" he said. ""It’s really sad but it's also true and it's also reality and it's also the world you live in.""

 

",1
1461,AP FACT CHECK: The Republican debaters and the facts,"Ben Carson pitched a tax plan with numbers that didn't add up. Donald Trump boasted that he's paying his own way in the campaign, but he isn't. Chris Christie accused the government of stealing Social Security money that it has actually borrowed -- and has been paying back with interest.

Even the price of hamburger got a bad rap in the latest Republican presidential debate, thanks to Ted Cruz.

A look at some of the claims Wednesday night and how they compare with the facts:

CRUZ: ""If you look at a single mom buying groceries, she sees hamburger prices have gone up nearly 40 percent. She sees her cost of electricity going up. She sees her health insurance going up. And loose money is one of the major problems.""

THE FACTS: Americans may be facing many economic challenges, but rising inflation isn't one of them. And ""loose money,"" a way of describing the Federal Reserve's low interest rate policies, isn't to blame for expensive hamburgers.

Beef prices rose 21 percent in January of this year compared with a year earlier. That reflected a Midwest drought that had caused some cattle ranchers to cull their herds. Beef prices have since settled down and were up just 1 percent in September from a year earlier.

Electricity costs have actually fallen 0.4 percent during that period. Those are national averages, so some local areas will have different figures. Overall, inflation has remained below even the Fed's 2 percent target for the past three years. In fact, the government's primary inflation measure, the Consumer Price Index, has actually been unchanged in the past 12 months.

CARSON: His proposed flat-rate tax, which would have everyone pay an income tax rate of about 15 percent, ""works out very well"" in budget terms because it would spark enough economic growth to offset the lower rate.

THE FACTS: Carson says his proposed tax would not increase the budget deficit because he would tax the entire economic output of the U.S. -- the gross domestic product -- plus corporate income and capital gains.

Carson has not laid out a detailed plan, so it is difficult to measure how it would affect revenues or the economy. But based on what he said, he's double-counting because corporate revenues are part of the GDP.

A tax rate of 15 percent would be a huge tax cut for the wealthy. The top income tax rate for individuals is now 39.6 percent. The corporate tax rate for corporations is 35 percent.

To help offset the rate cuts, Carson said he would ""get rid of all the deductions and all the loopholes."" That's a bold proposal, considering how popular many tax breaks are, including deductions for interest on home mortgages and charitable contributions, as well as exemptions for health insurance and retirement savings.

CHRISTIE: FBI Director James Comey said police officers are holding back ""because of a lack of support from politicians like the president of the United States.""

THE FACTS: That's not what Comey said.

In a speech last week about an alarming rise in crime, Comey said some officers feel under siege because of the spread of viral videos taken by young people with cell phones. Comey said he'd heard about one police official who told his force ""their political leadership has no tolerance for a viral video.""

But Comey never mentioned Obama or blamed politicians for failing to support police. And Comey made clear he didn't have data to back up his gut impression.

Christie also said when Obama was asked to speak about the issue, he declined to support police. In fact, Obama gave a firm defense of police Tuesday, telling a police chiefs convention that ""this country is safer because of your efforts.""

TRUMP: ""I'm putting up 100 percent of my own money.""

THE FACTS: No, he's not.

Of $3.9 million raised for his campaign in the latest fundraising quarter, only $100,000 came from his own pocket. That was one major revelation from the latest batch of presidential fundraising reports, filed Oct. 15 with the Federal Election Commission.

That's a drastic shift from his springtime fundraising report, when he loaned his campaign nearly all of the $1.9 million it had.

BUSH: ""Marco, when you signed up for this, this was a six-year term, and you should be showing up for work.""

RUBIO: ""Barack Obama missed 60 or 70 percent of his votes"" when running for president while he was in the Senate.

THE FACTS: Bush correctly cited Rubio's spotty attendance record in the Senate since running for president, but ignored the fact that this is common when someone in public office runs a White House campaign --and previous candidates were absent far more often. Bush himself is free to run for president as he pleases, because he doesn't have a day job from which to be absent.

For his part, Rubio didn't offer a fair comparison when comparing his Senate voting rate with Obama's.

From Oct. 27, 2014, to Oct. 26, 2015, Rubio was absent for 26 percent of Senate votes, a worse attendance record than other senators running for president, according to an analysis by GovTrack.us, which tracks congressional voting records.

But in a comparable period in the 2008 race -- from Oct. 23, 2006, to Oct. 22, 2007 -- Obama was absent for 29 percent of votes, a bit more than Rubio's absences, but not as much more as Rubio charged. Republican John McCain was absent for 51 percent of Senate votes in that period.

Both Obama and McCain went on to miss an even bigger share of Senate votes as the election progressed -- an expected development bound to be seen again in 2016.

CHRISTIE: The federal government has ""stolen"" the Social Security taxes paid by workers and spent it on other things. ""It isn't their money any more. ... It got stolen from them. It's not theirs anymore. The government stole it and spent it a long time ago.""

THE FACTS: The money is not stolen, it's borrowed.

Over the past 30 years, Social Security has collected about $2.7 trillion more in payroll taxes than it has paid in benefits. By law, the Treasury Department has invested the surplus in U.S. Treasury bonds.

Over that same time period, the federal government has run budget deficits in all but a few years. To finance the deficits, the government has borrowed money, from other government agencies as well as public debt markets.

The money from Social Security has been spent, but Social Security holds Treasury bonds worth $2.7 trillion, backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government. Saying the money has been stolen assumes that the federal government will not honor the bonds.

Social Security has been paying out more in benefits than it collects in taxes since 2010. The program has been able to pay full benefits because the federal government has honored the bonds.

TRUMP: Asked about his criticism of Rubio for his support for increasing the number of high-skilled foreign workers given visas to work in the U.S. -- calling Rubio Facebook CEO ""Mark Zuckerburg's personal senator"" -- Trump denied ever making the comment. ""I never said that. I never said that,"" he said.

THE FACTS: He did say it, on his own website. Trump's immigration policy calls for a different approach -- raising the prevailing wage for the jobs that attract high-skilled foreign workers, in hopes that they'll be filled by more Americans.

Trump's policy statement said doing that ""will improve the number of black, Hispanic and female workers in Silicon Valley who have been passed over in favor of the H-1B program. Mark Zuckerberg's personal Senator, Marco Rubio, has a bill to triple H-1Bs that would decimate women and minorities.""

SEN. RAND PAUL: The new budget agreement ""will explode the deficit, it will allow President Obama to borrow unlimited amounts of money.""

THE FACTS: The agreement allows $80 billion more spending over the next two years, which is only a small addition to the $3.67 trillion the government spends every year. The government's annual budget deficit has declined to $439 billion, about 2.5 percent of GDP, below the average for the past 40 years.

Overall, whatever its faults, most economists have responded to this week's budget deal between Congress and the White House with a sigh of relief. The agreement, approved by the House earlier Wednesday, sets funding levels and extends the government's borrowing limit for two more years, thereby taking the threat of a government shutdown and debt default off the table.

A 2013 budget fight led to a 16-day partial government shutdown that was widely blamed by most economists for sharp drops in consumer and business confidence that dragged on the economy.

GEORGE PATAKI: ""Hillary Clinton put a server, an unsecure server, in her home as secretary of state. We have no doubt that that was hacked, and that state secrets are out there to the Iranians, the Russians, the Chinese and others.""

THE FACTS: The former New York governor, speaking in the undercard debate, exaggerated what's actually known about what happened to the emails of Clinton, the Democratic front-runner for her party's presidential nomination. While Clinton's email server was poorly configured and therefore more susceptible to hacking, there is no evidence of intrusion.

The FBI is studying the server, which was subjected to a phishing attack by Russian-linked hackers while she was secretary of state. It's not known whether she clicked on any attachments, which would have exposed her account. Her account was also apparently the subject of cyberattacks originating in China, South Korea and Germany after she left office in early 2013. Determining whether a hack was sponsored by a nation, rather than just originating from that country, is notoriously difficult.",1
440,Why the drop in income inequality?,"Even as it rises in many countries, income inequality has fallen worldwide, a result of pro-poor trends in places from Africa to China. A better focus on growth, innovation, and greater opportunities can help countries close the income gap.

For many in the US and elsewhere, it has become easy to see red or feel blue about income inequality. The Panama Papers revelations about hidden riches feeds this global glum. So does a focus in the US presidential race on charges of a “rigged” economy. Indeed, within many countries, inequality has risen. But not everywhere.

Worldwide, in fact, inequality is actually going down.

Humanity, it seems, is not leaving its poorest behind.

This conclusion comes from the work of an eminent expert on inequality, Branko Milanovic. He spent decades studying data at the World Bank and now works at City University in New York. In a new book, “Global Inequality: A New Approach for the Age of Globalization,” he makes a case that the rapid growth of poorer countries since 1988 has brought the first decline in inequality since the Industrial Revolution.

Mr. Milanovic is pessimistic about the US reducing its inequality soon. But he finds many pro-equality trends will continue to grow the world’s new middle class. One trend is what he calls “pro-poor” innovation, such as the ability of African farmers to use cellphones to check on farm prices. Another is the use of online courses to educate poor people in skills sought by global companies.

China and other Asian countries have led the way in forging development policies that have helped close the global income gap. The best inequality-buster is economic growth, Milanovic says, but other efforts are needed, such as equality in opportunities. In Brazil, for example, inequality has gone down because of better education.

Milanovic’s findings are reinforced by new research from Tomáš Hellebrandt and Paolo Mauro of the Peterson Institute for International Economics. They find global inequality fell between 2003 and 2013. And they project the number of people in poverty will fall from 12.3 percent of the total population to 3.6 percent by 2035.

“The ability to participate in and benefit from economic growth has immediate and tangible impacts on the lives of the bulk of the world’s population,” the two economists conclude.

The very rich or the very corrupt may still hide their wealth in tax havens. Politicians in developed countries may decry rising inequality. But global trends and new data tell an alternative story about the progress already made to lift the poor.",1
3851,Senate Makes History By Confirming Loretta Lynch As U.S. Attorney General,"WASHINGTON -- Loretta Lynch was confirmed as U.S. attorney general on Thursday after months of GOP delays, making history by becoming the first African-American woman to hold the post.

Lynch was confirmed in the Senate 56 to 43. All Democrats voted for her, along with 10 Republicans: Kelly Ayotte (N.H.), Thad Cochran (Miss.), Susan Collins (Maine), Jeff Flake (Ariz.), Lindsey Graham (S.C.), Orrin Hatch (Utah), Ron Johnson (Wis.), Mark Kirk (Ill.), Rob Portman (Ohio) and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (Ky.).

Sen Ted Cruz (R-Texas), one of Lynch's loudest critics, was the only senator to miss the vote. Hours earlier, he railed against Lynch for being ""unfit"" for the job.

""Today, the Senate finally confirmed Loretta Lynch to be America’s next Attorney General – and America will be better off for it,"" President Barack Obama said in a statement. ""Loretta's confirmation ensures that we are better positioned to keep our communities safe, keep our nation secure, and ensure that every American experiences justice under the law.""

Republicans who opposed Lynch, who until now was the U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of New York, conceded they didn't doubt she was qualified for the job. Instead, they voted against her because of their anger over Obama's recent executive action on immigration, which would provide deportation relief for up to 1.8 million undocumented immigrants. The matter is currently tied up in a lawsuit. Lynch will defend the policy in her new role.

""We are deeply concerned in this country about the president's executive amnesty. The unlawfulness of it, the breadth of it, the arrogance of it to the point that it's a direct assault on congressional power,"" said Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.). ""We do not have to confirm someone to the highest law enforcement position in America if that someone has publicly committed to denigrating Congress.""

Obama took the executive action in November after Congress failed to pass comprehensive immigration reform. He's hardly the first president to use his executive authority on immigration matters. Every U.S. president since 1956 has used executive authority to grant various types of temporary immigration relief.

Ahead of Thursday's vote, Democrats chided Republicans for throwing up so many roadblocks to Lynch's confirmation. She had been waiting for a vote for more than five months, longer than any of her recent predecessors.

Lynch is ""an historic nominee,"" said Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.), the ranking Democrat on the Judiciary Committee. By voting against her, he said, Republicans are ""making history for the wrong reason.""

""What my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are saying is, it doesn't matter if you're qualified ... We have a new test: You must disagree with the president who nominates you,"" McCaskill added. ""It is beyond depressing. It's disgusting.""",1
334,Manhunt for escaped killers expands to Vermont,"(CNN) A pair of convicted killers who escaped from an upstate New York prison may have headed across the border to Vermont, fearing the pressure of an intense manhunt in the neighboring state, authorities said Wednesday.

New York State Police Superintendent Joseph D'Amico said authorities are looking ""behind every tree, under every rock and inside every structure"" for fugitives Richard Matt, 48, and David Sweat, 34. The pair made a brazen escape over the weekend from the Clinton Correctional Facility in Dannemora. The search -- now in its fifth day -- involves more than 400 law enforcement officers. The state is offering a $100,000 reward.

In a news conference outside the maximum-security prison about 20 miles south of the Canadian border , Vermont Gov. Peter Shumlin said the search area had expanded to his state based on information the inmates believed ""New York was going to be hot and Vermont ... cooler in terms of law enforcement.""

Vermont state police vessels and additional troopers will conduct patrols on Lake Champlain, which cuts across the states. In addition, searches will include campsites and public campgrounds.

""We have information that would suggest that Vermont was discussed as a possible location,"" New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said at the same news conference. ""If they are headed toward Vermont ...Vermont is engaged and Vermont is mobilized and we are working hand in glove, and we will be coordinating several times a day to make sure every lead we have, every piece of information is shared.""

Under an agreement with Vermont, New York state troopers will be allowed across state lines if needed, officials said.

But D'Amico said authorities had no hard information the men had left New York state.

Law enforcement personnel were going door-to-door in both homes and seasonal residences and conducting checkpoints in hamlets and towns surrounding Dannemora. Cuomo said the inmates may have gotten a head start of several hours before the manhunt began.

""These men are nothing to be trifled with,"" Cuomo said.

For the first time since the escape, law enforcement officials acknowledged publicly that a woman who worked with the convicts in the tailoring shop at the prison may have played a role in the elaborate breakout.

D'Amico, without elaborating, said Mitchell had befriended the men and ""may have had some sort of role in assisting them.""

She has not been arrested or charged in connection with their escape, nor has anyone else. The source added that Mitchell is cooperating with police, having provided information as needed.

Her cell phone was used to call several people connected to Matt, according to another source with knowledge of the investigation. It's not clear who made these calls, when they were made or if Mitchell knew about them.

Mitchell went to the hospital this weekend because of panic attacks, according to one of the sources. By then, authorities had discovered during a 5:30 a.m. Saturday bed check that Matt and Sweat had escaped.

Mitchell has worked at Clinton for seven years as an industrial training supervisor, according to Jennifer Freeman, a spokeswoman for the New York State Comptroller. Her salary was $57,697 a year.

Mitchell's son Tobey Mitchell told NBC News his mother was in a hospital Saturday evening because ""she was having severe chest pains and she was concerned about that."" He added that his mom, who works at the prison with her husband, ""worries a lot about everything"" but strongly challenged suggestions she had done anything wrong.

""She is not the kind of person that's going to risk her life or other people's lives to let these guys escape from prison,"" he said.

His wife, Paige Mitchell, told CNN on Wednesday that ""95% of what is being said"" about her mother-in-law is not true.

""They don't have the facts to prove this,"" she said. ""This is just slander and rumor.""

Paige Mitchell said she believed Matt may have persuaded her mother-in-law to contact people for him who knew about art.

""He was interested in art,"" Paige Mitchell said of Matt. ""Her heart was in the right place.""

Paige Mitchell denied that her mother-in-law was to be the getaway driver or helped provide the power tools used in the escape. Saturday's hospital visit stemmed from the fact that Joyce Mitchell is a ""very nervous person,"" she said.

Rural area is rough and 'can be deadly'

If the escapees did indeed have a designated driver, imagine their horror when they popped out of a manhole sometime late Friday or early Saturday and found no accomplice waiting.

""That must have been just a complete panic on their part ... 'Now what? Where are we going to walk to -- this small, rural area?' "" said CNN law enforcement analyst Tom Fuentes, a former FBI assistant director. ""It's going to be hard to hide day or night for very long, and they wouldn't have been prepared to deal with the elements.""

They'd have to find food, water and money, while also trying to get their hands on weapons or a vehicle.

""That would put every family in that rural (area) in extreme danger,"" Fuentes said. ""If they're feeling like cornered animals out there, they are going to do something drastic to try to ensure their physical survival and their continued freedom out of that prison.""

Without any help like a getaway driver, someone who escapes from Clinton can easily get lost, said Jeff Hall, who teaches at the City University of New York and did his dissertation on northern New York prisons.

""The environment is formidable,"" said Hall, who grew up near the Dannemora prison, where his father worked. ""It's rough terrain and, if you're not familiar with it, it can be deadly.""

Warning: Tell police if you spot anything unusual

The first came in Dannemora after midnight Friday, about five hours before authorities discovered the men had escaped.

Another focus is about 40 miles southeast in Willsboro, a town of about 2,000 people along Lake Champlain.

That's where a resident spotted two men overnight Monday walking in a torrential rainstorm on a rural road, Willsboro Town Supervisor Shaun Gillilland said. As the witness' car approached them, they took off.

Both reports could be false leads, as often happens in manhunts. Former U.S. Marshal Service regional commander Lenny DePaul said he thinks it's important that people be on the lookout.

Still, authorities are clearly focusing on the rural swath of New York near Vermont and the Canadian province of Quebec.

Matt and Sweat's escape was so extraordinarily complex that experts say the two must have had help.

Using power tools, they cut through a cell wall that included a steel plate, maneuvered across a catwalk, shimmied down six stories to a tunnel of pipes, followed that tunnel, broke through a double-brick wall, cut into a 24-inch steam pipe, climbed through the steam pipe, cut another hole so they could get out of the pipe and finally surfaced through a manhole.

Aside from the mystery of how they got the necessary power tools, many wonder how they could have used them without detection.

The hole in the cell's steel wall suggests they used a cutoff wheel, ironworker Ernesto ""Ernie"" Peñuelas said. But using that tool would have produced a loud sound and detectable odor.

Their time on the lam is also remarkable. Most escapees in New York are captured within 24 hours, according to data compiled by the state. Of 29 inmates who fled between 2002 and 2013, only one was free for more than two days.

Escaping from detention happens thousands of times each year, federal statistics show. But most are from minimum security facilities, where prisoners just walk away. In 2013, there were 2,011 cases of prisoners who escaped or were absent without permission.

Sweat was serving a life sentence without parole for fatally shooting and then running over Broome County Sheriff's Deputy Kevin Tarsia in 2002.

Matt was convicted for kidnapping a businessman for 27 hours and -- when he didn't comply with his pleas for money -- killing him.

""Torture is probably an understatement,"" Lee Bates, who drove a car carrying one of Matt's victims, told CNN's Anderson Cooper of the 1997 killing. He said Matt shoved a knife sharpener in his victim's ear, broke his neck and then dismembered the body.

Despite his violent past, Matt is capable of getting others to help him, Bates said.",1
3767,Protester charged with shooting officers in Ferguson,"A 20-year-old protester has been charged with shooting two police officers in Ferguson, Mo., last week, authorities said Sunday.

County Prosecuting Attorney Robert McCulloch said Jeffrey Williams was charged with two counts of assault in the first degree, one count of firing a weapon from a vehicle and three counts of armed criminal action.

McCulloch said Williams admitted firing the shots but said he was shooting at someone else.

""We're not sure we buy that part of it,"" McCulloch said, adding that the handgun used in the shooting has been recovered.

He said Williams was involved in the demonstration that was wrapping up when the incident took place. Williams, he said, was being held in lieu of $300,000 cash bail.

McCulloch said information provided by the public was key to the arrest. He encouraged anyone who knows anything about the shooting to contact police, saying the investigation was continuing.

Williams has had several minor run-ins with police and one felony arrest in St. Louis, court records show.

He spent two days in jail last March for failing to appear for court hearings for traffic infractions, including driving without a valid license and operating a motor vehicle without maintaining proper insurance. He also spent two days in jail in January 2014 for speeding.

Police arrested Williams in June 2013 for receiving stolen property, a felony, and credit card fraud. He was sentenced in March 2014 to two years probation.

Bishop Derrick Robinson of the Kingdom Destiny Fellowship International, who has been an organizer of Ferguson protests, later told CNN he spoke with Williams -- and that Williams said he was not involved in protests. He said Williams told him the shooting occurred after he had been robbed by an unknown assailant.

The officers were shot during a protest just after midnight Thursday. One was shot in the face, the other in the shoulder. They were released from the hospital later Thursday.

Ferguson has been the scene of sometimes violent protests since the shooting death of unarmed black man Michael Brown, 18, by a white police officer in August. The shooting and subsequent investigation brought national attention and a Justice Department probe to the St. Louis suburb.

The Justice Department investigation found systemic racism in the police department, prompting the resignation of the city manager, a local judge and the city's police chief.

Attorney General Eric Holder issued a statement lauding the investigative cooperation between federal authorities and St. Louis County officials.

""This arrest sends a clear message that acts of violence against our law enforcement personnel will never be tolerated,"" Holder said in the statement. ""In the days ahead, we will continue to partner with the authorities in St. Louis County to secure justice for all those affected by this heinous and cowardly crime. And we will continue to stand vigilant in support of public safety officers and the communities they serve.""

The officers wounded Thursday were from St. Louis County and Webster Groves. After the shootings, the highway patrol and county police took control of security duties from the Ferguson department.

Hours after the shooting, Holder and Obama condemned the attack.

""They're criminals. They need to be arrested,"" Obama said. ""And then what we need to do is make sure that like-minded, good-spirited people on both sides -- law-enforcement who have a terrifically tough job and people who understand they don't want to be stopped and harassed because of their race -- that we're able to work together to try and come up with some good answers.""",1
5215,It’s not the ‘locker-room’ talk. It’s the ‘lock her up’ talk.,"The second presidential debate — bloody, muddy and raucous — was just enough to save Donald Trump’s campaign from extinction, but not enough to restore his chances of winning, barring an act of God (a medical calamity) or of Putin (a cosmically incriminating WikiLeak).

That Trump crashed because of a sex-talk tape is odd. It should have been a surprise to no one. His views on women have been on open display for years. And he’d offered a dazzling array of other reasons for disqualification: habitual mendacity, pathological narcissism, profound ignorance and an astonishing dearth of basic human empathy.

To which list Trump added in the second debate, and it had nothing to do with sex. It was his threat, if elected, to put Hillary Clinton in jail.

After appointing a special prosecutor, of course. The niceties must be observed. First, a fair trial, then a proper hanging. The day after the debate at a rally in Pennsylvania, Trump responded to chants of “lock her up” with “Lock her up is right.” Two days later, he told a rally in Lakeland, Fla., “She has to go to jail.”

[Fareed Zakaria: The GOP is history. What about the country? ]

Such incendiary talk is an affront to elementary democratic decency and a breach of the boundaries of American political discourse. In democracies, the electoral process is a subtle and elaborate substitute for combat, the age-old way of settling struggles for power. But that sublimation only works if there is mutual agreement to accept both the legitimacy of the result (which Trump keeps undermining with charges that the very process is “rigged”) and the boundaries of the contest.

The prize for the winner is temporary accession to limited political power, not the satisfaction of vendettas. Vladimir Putin, Hugo Chávez and a cavalcade of two-bit caudillos lock up their opponents. American leaders don’t.

One doesn’t even talk like this. It takes decades, centuries, to develop ingrained norms of political restraint and self-control. But they can be undone in short order by a demagogue feeding a vengeful populism.

This is not to say that the investigation into the Clinton emails was not itself compromised by politics. FBI Director James B. Comey’s recommendation not to pursue charges was both troubling and puzzling. And Barack Obama very improperly tilted the scales by interjecting, while the investigation was still underway, that Clinton’s emails had not endangered national security.

But the answer is not to start a new process whose outcome is preordained. Conservatives have relentlessly, and correctly, criticized this administration for abusing its power and suborning the civil administration (e.g., the IRS). Is the Republican response to do the same?

Wasn’t presidential overreach one of the major charges against Obama by the anti-establishment GOP candidates? Wasn’t the animating spirit of the entire tea party movement the restoration of constitutional limits and restraints?

In America, we don’t persecute political opponents. Which is why we retroactively honor Gerald Ford for his pardon of Richard Nixon, for which, at the time, Ford was widely reviled. It ultimately cost him the presidency. Nixon might well have been convicted. But Ford understood that jailing a president for actions carried out in the context of his official duties would threaten the very civil nature of democratic governance.

[Michael Gerson: Donald Trump is right: The GOP is utterly pathetic]

What makes Trump’s promise to lock her up all the more alarming is that it’s not an isolated incident. This is not the first time he’s insinuated using the powers of the presidency against political enemies. He has threatened Amazon’s Jeffrey P. Bezos, owner of The Post, for using the newspaper “as a tool for political power against me and other people. . . . We can’t let him get away with it.”

Trump has gone after others with equal subtlety. “I hear,” he tweeted, “the Rickets [sic] family, who own the Chicago Cubs, are secretly spending $’s against me. They better be careful, they have a lot to hide!” And after National Review editor Rich Lowry made a particularly cutting remark about him on Fox News, Trump tweeted, “He should not be allowed on TV and the FCC should fine him!”

Trump also promises to “open up” libel laws to permit easier prosecution of those who attack him unfairly. Has he ever conceded any attack on him to be fair?

This election is not just about placing the nuclear codes in Trump’s hands. It’s also about handing him the instruments of civilian coercion, such as the IRS, the FBI, the FCC, the SEC. Think of what he could do to enforce the “fairness” he demands. Imagine giving over the vast power of the modern state to a man who says in advance that he will punish his critics and jail his opponent.

Read more from Charles Krauthammer’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.",1
5207,"GOP braces for Trump loss, roiled by refusal to accept election results","A wave of apprehension and anguish swept the Republican Party on Thursday, with many GOP leaders alarmed by Donald Trump’s refusal to accept the outcome of the election and concluding that it is probably too late to salvage his flailing presidential campaign.

As the Republican nominee reeled from a turbulent performance in the final debate here in Las Vegas, his party’s embattled senators and House members scrambled to protect their seats and preserve the GOP’s congressional majorities against what Republicans privately acknowledge could be a landslide victory for Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.

With less than three weeks until the election, the Republican Party is in a state of historic turmoil, encapsulated by Trump’s extraordinary debate declaration that he would leave the nation in “suspense” about whether he would recognize the results from an election he has claimed will be “rigged” or even “stolen.”

The immediate responses from GOP officials were divergent and vague, with no clear strategy on how to handle Trump’s threat. The candidate was defiant and would not back away from his position, telling a roaring crowd Thursday in Ohio that he would accept the results “if I win” — and reserving his right to legally challenge the results should he fall short.

For seasoned Republicans who have watched Trump warily as a general-election candidate, the aftermath of Wednesday’s debate brought a feeling of finality.

“The campaign is over,” said Steve Schmidt, a Trump critic and former senior strategist on George W. Bush’s and John McCain’s presidential campaigns.

Calling a refusal to accept the election results “disqualifying,” Schmidt added: “The question is, how close will Clinton get to 400 electoral votes? She’ll be north of 350, and she’s trending towards 400 — and the trend line is taking place in very red states like Georgia, Texas and Arizona.”

[At third debate, Trump won't commit to accepting election results if he loses]

Clinton and Trump appeared together and traded jabs in delivering mostly lighthearted roasts Thursday night at the Alfred E. Smith Memorial Foundation dinner, a white-tie gala benefiting Catholic charities. The candidates used searing humor to taunt each other, reflecting the personal animus on display in the debates. Trump’s routine was at times unsettling, drawing some rare boos from the audience. Held at the Waldorf Astoria hotel in New York, the dinner is a traditional event on the calendar for presidential nominees.

Meanwhile, top Democrats fanned out to battleground states on Thursday to hammer Trump for what they described as an unprecedented attack on the country’s political system and to attempt to yoke Trump to Republican candidates down the ballot.

Campaigning in Miami, President Obama said Trump’s doubts about the election outcome are “not a joking matter. That is dangerous.”

The president eviscerated Republicans who have stood by Trump, singling out Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.), who called Trump “a dangerous con artist” and condemned his more controversial comments during the GOP primaries but now plans to vote for him.

“Marco just seems to care about hanging on to his job,” Obama said, calling the senator’s positioning “the height of cynicism.”

And in Arizona, where polls show an unexpectedly tight presidential race, first lady Michelle Obama said Trump “is threatening the very idea of America itself” by suggesting he would not honor the election results.

“You do not keep American democracy ‘in suspense,’ ” Obama said in Phoenix.

[Rubio, once a shoo-in, fights the anti-Trump tide in Florida]

Sen. Tim Kaine of Virginia, Clinton’s vice-presidential running mate, held a rally at a downtown Charlotte brewery, where he said Trump’s claims of a “rigged” election reminded him of the Third World politicking he had seen as a young missionary in Honduras.

“The bigger we can win by, the harder it is for him to whine and have anyone believe him,” Kaine said, trying to galvanize supporters on the first day of early voting in North Carolina.

On the debate stage, Trump amplified what he had been saying for weeks at his rallies: that the election is “rigged.” Questioned directly as to whether he would accept the results should Clinton prevail, Trump said, “I’ll keep you in suspense.”

Clinton called Trump’s answer “horrifying,” both in the debate and to reporters overnight on her flight home to New York.

Trump’s advisers and surrogates struggled to explain the candidate’s position. Campaign manager Kellyanne Conway said it was too early to determine whether voting irregularities could make the difference between winning and losing. She and other Trump backers drew a parallel to then-Vice President Al Gore’s concession call to then-Texas Gov. George W. Bush, which he later withdrew as he awaited a recount in Florida.

“I’m going to keep reminding everybody about the 2000 election when Al Gore said he would accept the results of the election and then did not,” Conway said. “He retracted his concession.”

Reince Priebus, chairman of the Republican National Committee, contended that Trump and the party would stand by the results unless the margin is small enough to warrant a recount or legal challenges. Priebus said Trump is merely preserving flexibility in the event of a contested result.

“All he’s saying is, ‘Look, I’m not going to forgo my right to a recount in a close election,’ ” Priebus said. “We accept the results as long as we’re not talking about a few votes where it actually matters. I know him. I know where his head’s at. . . . I promise you, that’s all this is.”

Other Trump surrogates took a different interpretation. Keith Kellogg, a retired Army lieutenant general, accused the media of “splitting hairs” and insisted that Trump was “not threatening democratic norms,” while former New York mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani argued that any Republican would be “stupid” to accept the integrity of results before they are known.

“Suppose she wins Pennsylvania by 50 votes,” Giuliani said. He speculated, without evidence, that Democrats would “steal a lot more than 50 votes in Philadelphia. I guarantee you of that. And I’ll tell you how they will do it — they’ll bus people in who will vote dead people’s names four, five, six times . . . or have people in Philadelphia paid to vote three, four and five times.”

Democrats expressed dismay that the Republican nominee and his backers were advancing the idea of widespread voter fraud.

“He is just trying to find an excuse for the fact that he’s going to lose, and perhaps the fact that he’s going to lose to the first woman president stings a little sharper than it might otherwise,” said Jennifer Palmieri, the Clinton campaign’s communications director.

Prominent Republican senators in tough reelection bids distanced themselves from Trump’s posture. “Donald Trump needs to accept the outcome,” Sen. Kelly Ayotte (R-N.H.) said in a statement.

McCain (Ariz.), who lost to Obama eight years ago, said in a statement: “I didn’t like the outcome of the 2008 election. But I had a duty to concede. A concession isn’t just an act of graciousness. It is an act of respect for the will of the American people.”

As of Thursday afternoon, neither House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.) nor Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) had offered any comment, underscoring the party’s unease with its own nominee and the political dangers of tangling with him.

Benjamin L. Ginsberg, a lawyer at Jones Day who has been national counsel for several Republican presidential campaigns, said Trump’s stance puts the party in “quite a difficult position.”

“There will be Republican candidates who are winning by narrow margins and losing by narrow margins,” Ginsberg said. “The party as a whole has a collective interest in having the results upheld.”

Republican pollster Whit ­Ayres said that at the Las Vegas debate, Trump “blew his last chance to turn it around.” But, he said, “I am not convinced that the rest of the party will have as bad a night [on Election Day] as Donald Trump is going to have, because the Trump brand is so distinct from the Republican brand.”

Escalating the Republican angst was Trump’s rally Thursday in Delaware, Ohio, where he advanced conspiracies swirling around far-right websites about Clinton. He referred to reports that Democratic operatives with no direct connection to the Clinton campaign hired people to violently disrupt Trump events.

“This criminal behavior that violates centuries of tradition of peaceful democratic elections, a campaign like Clinton’s that will incite violence is truly a campaign that will do anything to win,” Trump said, going on to call Clinton “a candidate who is truly capable of anything, including voter fraud.”

Trump also mentioned an email, which surfaced on WikiLeaks through an illegal hack that U.S. authorities blame on the Russian government, in which interim Democratic National Committee chairwoman Donna Brazile seemed to suggest to the Clinton team that she had knowledge of a question that would come up in a primary forum earlier this year. While Brazile has denied that CNN provided any questions in advance, Trump called her actions “cheating at the highest level.”

Even as his party loses faith, Trump proclaimed that he was poised for victory.

“Bottom line, we’re going to win,” he told the boisterous Ohio crowd. “We’re going to win. We’re going to win so big. We’re going to win so big.”

Jenna Johnson in Delaware, Ohio; David Weigel in Charlotte; Krissah Thompson in Phoenix; and Juliet Eilperin, Jose A. DelReal and Karoun Demirjian in Washington contributed to this report.",1
5035,Obama: Trump is ‘unfit to serve as president’,"President Obama on Tuesday escalated his criticism of Donald Trump, calling him “unfit to serve as president,” as the Republican presidential nominee faced censure from members of both parties for disparaging the parents of a fallen army captain.

“The notion that he would attack a Gold Star family that made such extraordinary sacrifices on behalf of our country, the fact that he doesn’t appear to have basic knowledge around critical issues in Europe, in the Middle East, in Asia, means that he is woefully unprepared to do this job,” Obama said at the White House, during a news conference with the prime minister of Singapore.

Obama also challenged Republican leaders to go beyond distancing themselves from Trump, saying their objections “ring hollow” as long as they still pledge to vote for him.

“There has to come a point at which you say enough,” the president said.

Reflecting on the novelty of his own remarks, Obama said his warning stands apart from his criticism of his own Republican presidential rivals, Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) and former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney, with whom he disagreed on “certain policy issues” but whose qualifications and “basic decency” he didn’t dispute.

“And had they won, I would have been disappointed, but I would have said to all Americans . . . this is our president, and I know they’re going to abide by certain norms and rules and common sense,” Obama said. “But that’s not the situation here.”

The president’s remarks pinpointed Republican divisions. He also made clear that Democrats have disagreements of their own, by underscoring his commitment to the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership. The Democratic candidate he hopes will succeed him, Hillary Clinton, opposes the deal, which is awaiting ratification in Congress.

“Right now I’m president, and I’m for it,” Obama said.

Obama’s was the latest in a volley of complaints this week against Trump, whose campaign responded in a statement denouncing the president as a “failed leader” who has wreaked havoc around the world.

Bipartisan and among the most sustained of the election cycle, the criticism of Trump has mainly been a response to his denigration of Khizr and Ghazala Khan, immigrants from Pakistan who appeared last week at the Democratic National Convention to denounce him for his harsh rhetoric about Muslims. They said their son, who was killed in Iraq, would have been barred from entering the country under Trump’s proposed ban.

But the broadsides have also focused on the nominee’s comments about foreign relations, including his apparent ignorance of Russia’s annexation of the Ukrainian territory of Crimea in 2014 and his appeal to Russian actors to expose Clinton’s emails.

In response, Trump has laughed off concerns about his overtures to Russian President Vladi­mir Putin, saying warmer relations would help the United States pursue its international objectives, such as defeating Islamic State militants.

At a campaign event Tuesday in Ashburn, Va., Trump attacked Clinton for having a poor relationship with Putin, saying: “This is a nuclear country we’re talking about. Russia. Strong nuclear country.”

“Their stuff is newer . . . they have a lot more,” he said. “She wants to play the tough one. She’s not tough.”

[In clash with Khans, Trump went too far, some strategists say]

Meanwhile, a Kremlin spokesman told NBC News this week that Putin has never had any contact with Trump, which is in line with a recent statement by Trump that he has not spoken to Putin — and yet in direct conflict with the real estate mogul’s prior declarations, including in 2014 at the National Press Club, when Trump said he had been in Moscow and had spoken, “indirectly and directly,” with the Russian president.

In his hour-long remarks on Tuesday, delivered at a local high school, Trump repeated his grave warnings about immigration — across the southern border from Mexico as well as from countries beset by Islamic radicalism. Because “we don’t know if they’re ISIS,” Trump said of migrants from the Middle East, the result would be “the all-time great Trojan horse.”

He didn’t mention the Khans, who have proven themselves dogged in their campaign against Trump, or new evidence that the candidate’s approach is driving a wedge in the Republican Party. Rep. Richard Hanna (R-N.Y.) on Tuesday became the first sitting Republican member of Congress to say publicly that he plans to vote for Clinton, declaring in an interview with Syracuse.com that Trump is a “national embarrassment.”

The three-term congressman, who represents a swath of upstate New York near Syracuse but is not running for reelection this year, has bucked his party in the past on issues ranging from gay marriage to climate change. He declared his support for Clinton in an opinion piece published Tuesday on the news website and elaborated in an interview that Trump’s prolonged feud with the parents of a Muslim American Army captain killed in Iraq was the final straw.

“I saw that and felt incensed,” Hanna said in the interview. “I was stunned by the callousness of his comments.”

He added: “I think Trump is a national embarrassment. Is he really the guy you want to have the nuclear codes?”

Hanna had already said he would not vote for Trump — a stance shared by a handful of his Republican colleagues. But his pronouncement that he would therefore support Clinton, a woman reviled by much of his party, dealt yet another blow to Trump as his poll numbers dip in the wake of the conventions and as his campaign struggles under mounting criticism over his response to the Khans, whose son Humayun was killed in 2004, at age 27, by a car bomber in Iraq.

Trump said Khizr Khan had “no right” to assail him and suggested that Ghazala Khan was barred by her Muslim faith from speaking alongside her husband.

The quarrel continued into this week, as Trump tweeted that Khan had “viciously attacked” him and had shifted focus from the real concern, “RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM.” The GOP nominee faced strong criticism from a bipartisan group of decorated combat veterans, members of Congress and family members of slain soldiers. A particularly lengthy and impassioned rebuke came from McCain, the Senate Armed Services Committee chairman, who was a prisoner of war in Vietnam.

“While our party has bestowed upon him the nomination, it is not accompanied by unfettered license to defame those who are the best among us,” McCain said.

[Broad array of military luminaries condemn Trump over attacks on Khans]

On Tuesday, Trump addressed the matter only implicitly, faulting the media for not giving enough attention to Patricia Smith, a Trump supporter who is the mother of a victim of the Benghazi attacks, while giving “other people unbelievable amounts of air.” In fact, multiple networks, including CNN and MSNBC, carried Smith’s speech at the Republican National Convention live, while Fox News — whose host, Brian Kilmeade, criticized other networks for not covering Smith — did not.

Trump also said his critics would never desert him because they fear a Supreme Court stacked with Clinton appointees. He recounted his own comments from a campaign stop in Pennsylvania, in which he said he told his audience that “even if people don’t like me, they have to vote for me.”

“I said, even if you can’t stand Donald Trump, you think Donald Trump is the worst, you’re going to vote for me. You know why? Justices of the Supreme Court,” he said. “If they pick judges, we’re going to end up with another Venezuela, except just a bigger version.”

With a bit of stagecraft, Trump also appeared to try to fend off questions about his military acumen — and his own draft deferments during the Vietnam War — by beckoning onto the stage a lieutenant colonel. The man had given him his Purple Heart medal before the rally as a vote of “confidence,” Trump said.

“I always wanted to get the Purple Heart,” Trump said. “This was much easier.”",1
3103,Pope Francis met Kim Davis: why it matters in fight over religious freedom (+video),"The decision by Pope Francis to give his personal blessing – and a rosary – to Rowan County clerk Kim Davis thrust the pontiff into one of America’s most volatile cultural battles.

In his meeting with controversial county clerk Kim Davis last Thursday, Pope Francis reportedly told Ms. Davis to “stand strong” as she stands up for her religious beliefs in rural Kentucky.

The meeting between the pontiff and a woman who went to jail for five days for defying a Supreme Court order to allow same-sex couples to marry came before Francis made comments about “conscientious objection” as a human right, even for government officials.

In some ways, the meeting fit with the pope’s focus on the “spirit of encounter” as well as his unorthodox meetings with people he calls on the “peripheries.” And it also came days after he met with nuns fighting an Obamacare mandate on contraceptives, another front in the American cultural wars.

But the 15-minute tête-à-tête at the Vatican Embassy in Washington also jarred a number of narratives from the pope’s historic visit, suggesting to some critics that the pontiff condoned Davis’ actions – which critics say amount to imposing her personal religious beliefs, in violation of the Constitution, on same-sex couples seeking marriage licenses.

The decision by the pope to give his personal blessing – and a rosary – to Davis thrust the pontiff into one of America’s most volatile cultural battles.

In other ways, however, Francis focused Rome’s gaze on the changing dynamics of religious freedom in the progressive era, offering a moment of pause for many Americans to consider growing questions about how the United States handles religious objections to same-sex unions.

“I think both sides have either tried to vilify or champion Kim Davis in one way or another, but what they’re forgetting is that the central issue here is of religious freedom in the US, and how we treat it. What does it mean, and what are its boundaries?” says Joe Valenzano, an expert on religious rhetoric at the University of Dayton in Ohio. “The fact is, both sides have made just a colossal mess out of this to further their own perspective, rather than focusing on what could be a productive conversation for society.”

The Vatican confirmed the meeting, but gave no further commentary, potentially suggesting that it didn’t want to get into the political details of the struggle over same-sex marriage in Rowan County, Ky. For some Vatican observers, it wasn’t surprising that the pope, a religious figure, met with someone who has become a lightning rod for her religious beliefs.

The pope “took somebody on the front of the newspapers for faith-related concerns and met with her,” says Professor Valenzano. “[The pope told Davis that] you don’t lose faith because you lose a battle. That’s not the pope weighing in on the culture wars or endorsing Kim Davis’s position. That’s the pope endorsing the idea that religion is important to people.”

Yet for all the pope’s focus on moral values, the meeting with Davis and the nuns could have a political impact, writes John Allen Jr., on Crux, a Catholic news site. For one, he writes, the meeting “means that Francis has significantly strengthened the hand of the US bishops and other voices in American debates defending religious freedom.”

The meeting also could give more direct encouragement to other US officials who have declined to offer marriage licenses to same-sex couples. A number of clerks and other government officials have followed Davis’s lead, refusing to abide by the Supreme Court’s June ruling declaring same-sex marriage a constitutional right.

The problem with that strategy, however, is that Davis, for one, represents what Doug Laycock calls a poor example of a religious martyr. He points out that Davis didn’t just want an opt-out from signing marriage licenses for same-sex couples. Instead, after her release from jail, she changed the Rowan County license form to take the name of the county off the form – a change the plaintiffs argue violates the judge’s order.

“Kim Davis gives religious liberty a bad name, and endangers it for everybody,” says Professor Laycock, a religious liberty expert at the University of Virginia Law School in Charlottesville. “She does not have to issue marriage licenses. But the county is not entitled to exemption, because the county does not have a religion. That’s the fundamental distinction.”

Those nuances may have been lost on the pope, Mr. Laycock suggests.

“If you come here from Rome, if you’re not closely following this, you don’t have any sort of deep understanding of US law,” he says.

The pontiff made waves in the US during his visit for his attempt to expand the Catholic church’s influence beyond the culture wars. He weighed in on climate change and the death penalty, bolstering his bona fides among US liberals. But he also buckled down on church doctrine on abortion and threats to the sanctity of marriage, to the applause of conservatives.

“I can’t have in mind all the cases that can exist about conscientious objection,” the pope said on the papal plane last week, “but yes, I can say that conscientious objection is a right that is a part of every human right. It is a right.”

“And if a person does not allow others to be a conscientious objector, he denies a right,” he said, adding, in what may have been a reference to Davis, “It is a human right, and if a government official is a human person, he has that right.”

For American political operatives, the pope’s message may ultimately be frustrating for its nuance. And that may be just fine with the pontiff. As Elizabeth Buerlin writes in the New Republic, “Pope Francis maintains a conservative position on the morality of marriage, and he is concerned for Christians who find their practice constrained by law. But he has also emphasized openness toward LGBT Catholics, famously asking, when queried about gay Catholics, ‘Who am I to judge?’ ”

In that way, she writes, Francis has, at least until now, shied away from directly engaging “the psychodrama of the American culture wars.”

But by meeting with Davis privately, the pope, at the very least, showed a willingness to take a stand on religious liberty, even if it tarnished his message in the eyes of some Americans.

“The news that Pope Francis met privately ... with Kim Davis throws a wet blanket on the good will that the pontiff had garnered during his US visit,” Francis DeBernardo, executive director of gay and lesbian Catholic advocacy group New Ways Ministry, told Reuters in an e-mail.

At the same time, some Americans said the visit may have helped humanize a polarizing figure in the struggle between deeply-felt religious beliefs and the equally deep desire by many gay Americans to marry.

“Any time you get people talking and meeting and listening, even if they don't agree, as long as there is a dialogue, I think we are better as a nation,” Judy Fitzpatrick, a Catholic who describes herself as moderate Republican, told a new Ipsos/Reuters poll, after hearing about Francis meeting Davis.",1
1376,Paris Tragedy Could Shake Up 2016 Race,"The terrorist attacks in Paris could shake up the 2016 presidential race, reminding voters of the high stakes and potentially boosting candidates who put their governing experience front and center.

During much of the campaign, voters have swooned over candidates who trumpet their nonpolitical résumés. Celebrity businessman Donald Trump and retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson have led the Republican field, running far ahead of...",1
1510,2016's first GOP debate: Six things to look for in Charleston,"Programming Alert:Tune in to the FOX Business Network's GOP Debate on Thursday, January 14, beginning at 6 P.M. ET

The good people of Charleston, South Carolina, divide themselves into two groups – SOBS (folks living south of Broad Street) and SNOBS (those on the northern side).

Worse things have been said of the current crop of presidential hopefuls, nearly all of whom invade the Holy City the next few days – Thursday’s GOP debate, sponsored by the Fox Business Network; Sunday’s Democratic debate, carried by NBC.

If you’re counting at home, this marks the sixth time the GOP field has gathered on one stage, the second time that the Fox Business Network (FBN) has done the honors and, with only seven candidates in the main event (watch live at 9 pm ET), it could be the first time an evening with the Republicans might not descend into pouting, posturing and crosstalk.

How best to anticipate this debate?

The debate’s venue, the North Charleston Coliseum and Performing Arts Center, is less than 10 miles from the Emanuel AME church, the scene of last June’s mass shooting. Gun control won’t go undiscussed, what with President Obama bringing it up in Tuesday’s State of the Union Address and South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley revisiting the incident in her Republican response.

It’s a short walk from Emanuel AME to the Cooper River and a bustling container-ship and car-carrier operation that’s converted Charleston from a Navy town to a thriving hub of maritime commerce (BMW and Volvo use the seaport to ship autos made elsewhere in the right-to-work state). There’s no better tie-in for a few questions about the global economy.

Those ships dock upriver from Fort Sumter and were the site of a louder anti-Washington protest than anything the Tea Party’s imagined. Will Donald Trump tell America it’s time to party like it’s 1861?

What else to expect from the Republicans?

In the Low Country spirit of sippin’ bourbon and whiskey concoctions, six things:

1.   Rebel Yell. Before we get into what divides the Republican field, here’s what unites it – multiple opportunities to yell President Obama post-State of the Union. Expect strong words on the President’s omission of the situation on Farsi island, his post-San Bernardino emphasis on guns and not domestic terrorism, his invoking the word “Muslim” only in conjunction with hate crimes, plus his insistence that America’s global influence isn’t in decline.

2. Canadian Club. The knock against Ted Cruz is that most folks who’ve worked with him don’t like him. Let’s see if that carries over onto the debate stage should Trump resume the questions about Cruz’s Canadian birth. Will any other candidate intervene, or will they let Cruz and Trump slug it out? Then there’s also the matter of the Goldman Sachs undisclosed million dollar loan… As for Cruz, does he laugh off these lines of attack, or continue to return fire as he’s just begun to do in New Hampshire?

3. Southern Comfort. To the adage about South Carolina’s quirkiness (“too small for a republic and too large for an insane asylum,” said the anti-secessionist James L. Petrigu), there’s this reality: it’s the most conservative of the four stops on the February primary circuit. How many of the seven contenders will cater to the local electorate, versus those who play to the more moderate Yankees up in New Hampshire? For the latter, keep an eye on Chris Christie, John Kasich and this guy . . .

4. Johnny Walker. That’s “Johnny”, as in John Ellis “Jeb” Bush, and “Walker” as in Walker’s Point, the family’s summer compound where the family assembles to celebrate wins and lick wounds. Historically, South Carolina has been invaluable to Bush presidential causes – both father and brother used it as a “firewall” in their respective winning candidacies. But that’s not so with Jeb. The Palmetto State doesn’t fit into a strategy that’s finish strong in New Hampshire or bust.

5. Wild Turkey. Not to suggest that Trump is poultry, but as usual he’s the wild card in the two hours he has to bond with the six other Republicans who trail him in national surveys. Do we assume Trump is the aggressor, in attacking Cruz? Or does he go easy on Cruz and go back to his favorite pincushion: the Clintons?

6. Old Fashioned. Not a brand of booze, but a cocktail (bourbon, splash of soda, bitters, sugar, orange wheel, cherry). The “old fashioned” candidate in this debate? It might be the decidedly youthful Marco Rubio, who suddenly seems less the futuristic GenXer and more a traditional Republican (convening a constitutional convention, berating Hillary Clinton for wanting higher taxes and bigger government). The last guy to popularize this cocktail: “Mad Men’s” Don Draper, who knew a thing or two about marketing and salesmanship.

That show lasted eight years on television – the same goal as everyone mixing it up in North Charleston.

Bill Whalen is a research fellow at Stanford University's Hoover Institution, where he analyzes California and national politics. He also blogs daily on the 2016 election at www.adayattheracesblog.com. Follow him on Twitter @hooverwhalen.",1
356,Black Hawk crashes off Florida; human remains found,"(CNN) Thick fog forced authorities to suspend the air search Wednesday for seven Marines and four Army aircrew, feared dead after their Black Hawk helicopter crashed into waters off the Florida Panhandle.

The helicopter was first reported missing at about 8:30 p.m. (9:30 p.m. ET) Tuesday. Hours later, searchers found debris around Okaloosa Island near Eglin Air Force Base, base spokesman Andy Bourland said.

This debris washed up on both the north and south sides of Santa Rosa Sound, which connects mainland northern Florida and a barrier island.

The air search is expected to resume midday Thursday, the spokesman said. A spokeswoman for the Coast Guard said that boats will continue scouring the waters throughout the night Wednesday, weather permitting.

Human remains have washed ashore in the area near Eglin.

Base spokeswoman Jasmine Porterfield didn't specify what was found, noting the search-and-rescue mission remained underway. Still, there was little hope for a miracle, with Gen. Martin Dempsey -- chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff -- expressing his condolences.

He said the crash was ""a reminder to us that those who serve put themselves at risk, both in training and in combat.""

""We will work with the services to ensure that ... their family members will be well cared for.""

The Air Force, Coast Guard and civilian agencies participated in the intensive search focused on where they believe the aircraft went down, in waters east of the town of Navarre and the Navarre Bridge and near Eglin testing range site A-17.

Porterfield said approximately 100 people were involved in canvassing the ground and the waters, looking for debris: ""It's a huge effort underway.""

""We're working closely with all the parties involved to locate our Marines and the Army crew that were onboard,"" added Capt. Barry Morris, a spokesman for the U.S. Marines Corps Special Operations Command . ""And, really, just our thoughts (and) prayers are with the Marines, the soldiers and the families of those involved in the mishap.""

No one is saying what caused the accident, with Eglin spokeswoman Sara Vidoni indicating only that there's no indication of anything suspicious.

There was heavy fog in the area when the aircraft went missing, though the Eglin spokeswoman said it's too early to tell whether that had anything to do with the crash.

""There is training in all conditions -- that's part of the military mission,"" Vidoni said. ""They were out there doing what the military does.""

According to Morris, the service members -- all men -- were involved in a seven-day training exercise of amphibious operations. It involved small boats and inserting and extracting Marines from the water via helicopter. Morris would not say in which phase of the training the Marines were on Tuesday night.

The UH-60 helicopter wasn't alone when it went down. A second Black Hawk -- assigned to 1-244th Assault Helicopter Battalion based in Hammond, Louisiana -- safely returned to the base, some 40 miles east of Pensacola.

The aircraft were both assigned to the Louisiana Army National Guard out of Hammond and taking part in what the U.S. military called a ""routine training mission involving the Marine Special Operations Regiment"" out of Camp Lejeune.

""Whatever the trouble was with the one aircraft, it did not involve the second helicopter that was participating in the exercise,"" Bourland said.

Seven Marines based out of Camp Lejeune

The Army aircrew members belonged to the Army National Guard unit out of Louisiana, part of a unit that Gov. Bobby Jindal said ""have fought courageously overseas in defense of our nation and here at home.""

By 11:15 a.m., relatives of all four of those guardsmen had been notified, though their names won't be released publicly until the Coast Guard recovers their bodies or calls off the search, said Col. Pete Schneider, a Louisiana National Guard spokesman.

""They have protected what matters most during times of crisis,"" Jindal said. ""These soldiers represent the best of Louisiana, and we are praying for them and their families.""

The pilots were instructor pilots, Maj. Gen. Glenn Curtis told reporters. He said the whole crew had several thousand combined hours of operation flying the Black Hawk.

This week's crash involved a UH-60 Black Hawk, a twin-engine helicopter introduced into Army service in 1979 in place of the iconic UH-1 Huey. Other branches have modified the Black Hawk for their own uses, including the Navy's SH-60 (the Sea Hawk), the Air Force's MH-60 (the Pave Hawk) and the Coast Guard's HH-60 (the Jayhawk).

The Army's UH-60 helicopter, which has a maximum speed of 173 mph, has an airframe ""designed to progressively crush on impact to protect the crew and passengers,"" according to the service.

As Morris, the Marine spokesman, pointed out, those who get on such aircraft or take part in other military exercises aren't always out of danger just because they're off the battlefield.

""We have a requirement to conduct realistic military training,"" he said. ""And unfortunately this mishap happened.""",1
2683,"Drudge, Koch, Soros, Bezos: These 4 non-politicians will determine the next president","They’re approximately 20 percent accurate. While this list would have held water prior to the Supreme Court’s 2010 decision in Citizens United v. FEC, The Hill places undue value on social media.

“Twitter, Snapchat and other social media tools are also playing a role in the race,” the story argues for Zuckerberg’s influence, “but they do not have the reach of Facebook.”

If “likes, posts, comments and shares” were a valid metric, Bernie Sanders would be king of the world right now.

Citizens United invalidated any sort of grassroots political buzz (e.g. Sanders). Even the master of media manipulation, Donald Trump, won’t be able to translate his Twitter-momentum into a general election win against establishment collage Hillary Clinton, unless he can unite the GOP behind him.

The ability of nonprofits to accept unlimited individual donations to push a political agenda is far more important than whether or not the “money-losing” Huffington Post covers Trump under its “entertainment” or “politics” section.

So-called dark money, in conjunction with a wide-reaching “mouthpiece,” paves the road to the Oval Office — and even a brilliant John Oliver expose can’t change that.

Special interest groups — like the NRA — can scrounge up a good chunk of change for the candidate most likely to maintain the status quo, but Super PACs are the best source of dark money.

PACs have the added benefit of keeping their donors anonymous, which is a nice feature for people who don’t want their tennis partners to know they bet on the wrong horse or, worse yet, backed Trump.

As the face of the Koch Brothers — the infamous proprietors of libertarian-leaning Freedom Partners Action Fund — Charles Koch deals with the client-facing aspects of Koch PR.

In an interview with ABC on Sunday, Charles Koch explained his and his brother David’s decision to withhold their much-coveted endorsement of the remaining candidates. In so doing, Charles condemned what he called a “two-tiered system” (i.e. a regressive tax) and suggested Hillary Clinton might make a better president than Cruz or Trump.

Koch’s Hillary support isn’t necessarily as out-of-left-field as it may seem, considering the brothers’ recent embrace of criminal justice reform.

Last spring, Politico Magazine reported that “Koch had decided to help pull together a new coalition of left-right advocacy groups in Washington, including the Hillary Clinton-aligned Center for American Progress” with an aim towards eradicating prison overcrowding.

Among the major donors to the Center for American Progress is billionaire George Soros, who’s given $7 million to the Hillary Clinton-endorsing Priorities USA Action Super PAC during the 2016 cycle.

Soros was the top individual donor during the 2008 cycle as well, giving $5 million to four 527 organizations. In 2012, however, he gave just $1 million to Obama reelection PAC, Priorities USA. Soros has invested a relatively significant amount of personal money into this cycle, and is likely to up the ante when the general election rolls around. There’s a limit to how far PAC money can keep a candidate afloat (e.g. Jeb! Bush and Li’l Marco Rubio). For lack of a less conspiratorial word, every special interest needs a mouthpiece. Not a known political financier, Amazon’s Jeff Bezos took a less direct route to political influence in purchasing the Washington Post in 2013. And though WaPo is a humongous organization, editorial leanings in the media tend to have a top-down effect. Despite his nearly $55 billion net worth, Bezos has donated relatively small amounts to Democrats ($28,000) and Republicans ($4,000). Some, however, claim he’s similar to other tech entrepreneurs who support a libertarian, small-government platform. The Post hasn’t formally endorsed Clinton, but its Editorial Board unmistakably condemned her primary opponent, Bernie Sanders, in a January article titled “Bernie Sanders’s fiction-filled campaign.” In the months since the Editorial Board’s unendorsement, the Post has been accused of repeatedly parroting Clinton’s agenda. As the namesake of prominent news aggregation site, Drudge Report, Matt Drudge wields his right-wing influence through the careful curation of what appears on the site’s homepage. In their book, “The Way to Win,” Mark Halperin and John F. Harris call Drudge “the single most influential purveyor of information about American politics” for his role in John Kerry’s loss in 2004. Drudge Report reader polls, conducted after each televised debate this primary cycle, consistently declared Trump the winner. And a when asked who they’re supporting for the presidency, participating Drudge readers voted overwhelmingly in favor of Trump (60% to second place Ted Cruz’s 19%). And though these polls are decidedly unscientific, they did capture the intensity of Trump’s support — the real story of the GOP campaign — and people are starting to give Drudge more and more credit as the Trump train chugs towards Cleveland. In a radio interview earlier this month, Cruz complained that Drudge Report “has basically become the attack site for the Donald Trump campaign.” “By all appearances, Roger Stone now decides what’s on Drudge, and most days they have a six-month-old article that is some attack on me,” Cruz added. “Whatever the Trump campaign is pushing that day will be the banner headline on Drudge.”",1
4020,Obama and Putin outline competing visions on Syria,"President Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin laid out sharply competing visions Monday about how to tackle the ongoing conflicts in Syria and elsewhere in the Middle East, with each blaming the other for the region’s turmoil even as they signaled a willingness to address it together.

In speeches to the U.N. General Assembly less than two hours apart, each leader said he embraced a foreign policy approach that respects international norms that are essential to global stability. Later in the day, the two met privately to hash out their differences and to see whether there was room for cooperation. The closed-door session lasted more than an hour and a half, ending just before Obama was scheduled to host a reception for delegates.

After the session, Putin left for Moscow. In brief remarks to Russian reporters, he described relations between the two countries as “regretfully at a rather low level” due to U.S. resistance but said that “we now have an understanding that our work needs to be strengthened, at least on the bilateral basis. We are now thinking together on the creation of appropriate mechanisms.”

A White House official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss the private meeting, said that while it gave Obama “clarity on their objectives,” the two sides continued to disagree on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad’s role in the conflict and his future.

Russia’s “objectives are to go after ISIL and to support the government,” the official said, using an acronym for the Islamic State. Administration officials have expressed concern that new Russian deployments in Syria would bolster Assad’s fight against his opponents rather than degrade the militants.

In his speech, Obama took direct aim at Russia’s military buildup in Syria as well as its support for Ukrainian separatists, saying, “We are told that such retrenchment is required to beat back disorder, that it’s the only way to stamp out terrorism, or prevent foreign meddling.

“But I stand before you today believing in my core that we, the nations of the world, cannot return to the old ways of conflict and coercion. We cannot look backward. . . . And if we cannot work together more effectively, we will all suffer the consequences.”

[For Obama, a week that showed the world as he wants it, and how it really is]

Putin, for his part, charged that attempts by Western nations to impose democracy — including in Iraq and Libya — were responsible for upheaval in the Middle East and North Africa. While people in those regions clearly wanted and deserved change, “the export of revolutions, this time so-called democratic ones,” he said, had resulted in “violence and social disaster” instead of a “triumph for democracy.”

Then Putin had a question. “I cannot help asking those who have forced this situation, do you realize now what you have done?” he said in remarks that never mentioned but were clearly directed at the United States. “Policies based on self-conceit and belief in one’s exceptionality and impunity have never been abandoned.”

Beyond the barbs, the two raised the prospect of cooperating more closely on fighting Islamist terrorists and brokering a political solution in Syria, where war has raged for 4 years. Obama and Putin — who opened their first extended, formal meeting in two years with a stiff handshake before the cameras — remain divided over Assad, whom Obama wants ousted and Putin continues to back.

“The United States is prepared to work with any nation, including Russia and Iran, to resolve the conflict,” Obama said in his 42-minute speech. “But we must recognize that there cannot be, after so much bloodshed, so much carnage, a return to the prewar status quo. . . . And so Assad and his allies cannot simply pacify the broad majority of a population who have been brutalized by chemical weapons and indiscriminate bombing.”

Putin, by contrast, insisted that “no one but Assad’s forces­ and militias are truly fighting the Islamic State.” He said it would be an “enormous mistake to refuse to cooperate with the Syrian government and its armed ­forces.”

Russia has directly challenged U.S. military and diplomatic dominance in the region and the U.S.-led coalition air campaign against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. Over the past month, Putin has expanded Russia’s long-running provision of weapons to Assad with deployments of tanks and aircraft. Over the weekend, Russia and Iraq announced that they would establish a rival anti-militant coalition in Baghdad to include Iran and Syria.

In his speech before U.N. delegates, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani echoed Putin’s comments, saying that while the United States was responsible for the current tumult in the Middle East, his government was willing to help bring “democracy” to Syria.

Russia maintains that Western intervention in Syria is a violation of international law.

Putin proposed creating a “broad international coalition” that he compared to the “anti-Hilter coalition” during World War II.

Russia, the current chair of the U.N. Security Council, has called for a meeting next month to discuss how to better combat extremism. Moscow has also proposed a meeting among itself, the United States and the governments of Iran, Syria, Saudi Arabia, Turkey and Egypt on coordination over Syria.

The Obama administration has not yet responded to the latter proposal, and it remains unclear whether Saudi Arabia, the most powerful Sunni Arab state opposed to Assad, and Iran, the Syrian leader’s other main backer, would agree to cooperate on any Syrian initiative.

Leading European members of the U.S.-led coalition, which has been conducting air attacks against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria over the past year, have indicated that they believe the idea — and some cooperation with Russia — is worth exploring.

French President François Hollande, who last week authorized his country’s first air attacks in Syria, said Monday that “today, the moderate opposition is weak, Bashar al-Assad is weak, and ISIL is strong.”

“We can’t stick to our original enemies,” he said in a morning session with reporters. “We have to gather everybody together.”

“If Saudi Arabia and Iran can find agreement on the future of Syria, then there can be an ­answer,” Hollande said.

In comments last week, British Prime Minister David Cameron and German Chancellor Angela Merkel appeared to be softening their position toward Assad, at least temporarily. “We have to speak with many actors; this includes Assad, but others as well,” Merkel said. “Not only with the United States of America, Russia, but with important regional partners, Iran, and Sunni countries such as Saudi Arabia.”

European views have been influenced not only by the stagnation in the Syrian conflict and the Islamic State’s expansion in Iraq, but also by the hundreds of thousands of refugees — many of them from Syria — who have been pouring into their countries.

U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon praised those European countries that have provided asylum but urged them to do more. “After the Second World War, it was Europeans seeking the world’s assistance,” Ban said.

Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff, who was the first world leader to address the General Assembly on Monday, drew applause when she noted that her country has already provided shelter to many Syrian refugees. Brazil loosened restrictions two years ago and has issued more than 7,000 visas to Syrian refugees at this point — more than any other country in Latin America.

“We have our arms open to welcome refugees,” she said. “We are a multi­ethnic nation.”

Obama and Putin also offered differing accounts of what had transpired in Ukraine, where Russia has annexed Crimea and backed separatists in the country’s southeast.

Although Putin devoted the bulk of his speech to Syria and terrorism, he repeated Russia’s charge that the overthrow of Ukraine’s government early last year was “orchestrated from outside.” He said Russia would adhere to the Minsk agreements, once they gave adequate representation to the legitimate demands of eastern Ukraine separatists that Moscow has backed.

Obama, however, said the West would continue to impose economic sanctions on Russia unless it reversed course. “We cannot stand by when the sovereignty and territorial integrity of a nation is flagrantly violated.”

While relations with Russia rank highest on Obama’s priority list during this visit, his agenda includes other major bilateral meetings and working sessions. The president met privately Monday with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, pressing him to adopt a more stringent target for cutting India’s carbon emissions in the coming decades, and he convened a summit on bolstering U.N. peacekeeping forces.On Tuesday, the president will sit down with Cuban President Raúl Castro and Kazakhstan President Nursultan Nazarbayev.

Indian officials say they will announce their post-2020 climate target later this week. While they have indicated that they will embrace an ambitious goal for expanding renewable energy sources, they have balked at the idea of committing to cutting their overall carbon output in the near future.

Obama has privately pressed Modi to do more as part of the run-up to U.N. climate talks in December, dispatching a senior adviser, Brian Deese, to New Delhi this month to discuss the matter. After their meeting Monday, the president said, “And what I indicated to the prime minister is that I really think that India’s leadership in this upcoming conference will set the tone not just for today but for decades to come.”

Modi, meanwhile, reiterated his country’s commitment to install 175 gigawatts of renewable energy by 2022. “The president and I share an uncompromising commitment on climate change without affecting our ability to meet the development aspirations of humanity,” he said.",1
3226,Is the GOP losing Walmart?,"(CNN) As goes Walmart , so goes the nation?

Everyone from Apple CEO Tim Cook to the head of the NCAA slammed religious freedom laws being considered in several states this week, warning that they would open the door to discrimination against gay and lesbian customers.

But it was the opposition from Walmart, the ubiquitous retailer that dots the American landscape, that perhaps resonated most deeply , providing the latest evidence of growing support for gay rights in the heartland.

Walmart's staunch criticism of a religious freedom law in its home state of Arkansas came after the company said in February it would boost pay for about 500,000 workers well above the federal minimum wage. Taken together, the company is emerging as a bellwether for shifting public opinion on hot-button political issues that divide conservatives and liberals.

And some prominent Republicans are urging the party to take notice.

Former Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty, who famously called on the GOP to ""be the party of Sam's Club, not just the country club,"" told CNN that Walmart's actions ""foreshadow where the Republican Party will need to move.""

""The Republican Party will have to better stand for"" ideas on helping the middle class, said Pawlenty, the head of the Financial Services Roundtable, a Washington lobbying group for the finance industry. The party's leaders must be ""willing to put forward ideas that will help modest income workers, such as a reasonable increase in the minimum wage, and prohibit discrimination in things such as jobs, housing, public accommodation against gays and lesbians.""

Walmart, which employs more than 50,000 people in Arkansas, emerged victorious on Wednesday. Hours after the company's CEO, Doug McMillon, called on Republican Gov. Asa Hutchinson to veto the bill, the governor held a news conference and announced he would not sign the legislation unless its language was fixed.

Walmart's opposition to the religious freedom law once again puts the company at odds with many in the Republican Party, which the company's political action committee has tended to support.

It has been a gradual transformation for Walmart.

""It's easy for someone like a Chick-fil-A to take a really polarizing position,"" said Dwight Hill, a partner at the retail consulting firm McMillanDoolittle. ""But in the world of the largest retailer in the world, that's very different.""

Hill added: Same-sex marriage, ""while divisive, it's becoming more common place here within the U.S., and the businesses by definition have to follow the trend of their customer.""

The backlash over the religious freedom measures in Indiana and Arkansas this week is shining a bright light on the broader business community's overwhelming support for workplace policies that promote gay equality.

After Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, a Republican, signed his state's religious freedom bill into law, CEOs of companies big and small across the country threatened to pull out of the Hoosier state.

The resistance came from business leaders of all political persuasions, including Bill Oesterle, CEO of the business-rating website Angie's List and a one-time campaign manager for former Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels. Oesterle announced that his company would put plans on hold to expand its footprint in Indianapolis in light of the state's passage of the religious freedom act.

NASCAR, scheduled to hold a race in Indianapolis this summer, also spoke out against the Indiana law.

""What we're seeing over the past week is a tremendous amount of support from the business community who are standing up and are sending that equality is good for business and discrimination is bad for business,"" said Jason Rahlan, spokesman for the Human Rights Campaign.

National Republicans are being forced to walk the fine line of protecting religious liberties and supporting nondiscrimination.

""By the end of the week, Indiana will be in the right place,"" Bush said, a reference to Pence's promise this week to fix his state's law in light of the widespread backlash.

Others in the GOP field are digging in. Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas, the only officially declared Republican presidential candidate, said Wednesday that he had no interest in second-guessing Pence and lashed out at the business community for opposing the law.

Meanwhile, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, who previously served on Walmart's board of directors, called on Hutchinson to veto the Arkansas bill, saying it would ""permit unfair discrimination"" against the LGBT community.

Jay Chesshir, CEO of the Little Rock Regional Chamber of Commerce in Arkansas, welcomed Hutchinson's pledge on Wednesday to seek changes to his state's bill. He said businesses are not afraid to wade into a politically controversial debate to ensure inclusive workplace policies.

""When it comes to culture and quality of life, businesses are extremely interested in engaging in debate simply because it impacts its more precious resource -- and that's its people,"" Chesshir said. ""Therefore, when issues arise that have negative or positive impact on those things, then the business community will again speak and speak loudly.""",1
3375,"'Top secret' emails on Clinton server discussed drone program, may reference classified info","The two emails on Hillary Rodham Clinton's private server that an auditor deemed ""top secret"" include a discussion of a news article detailing a U.S. drone operation and a separate conversation that could point back to highly classified material in an improper manner or merely reflect information collected independently, U.S. officials who have reviewed the correspondence told The Associated Press.

The sourcing of the information could have significant political implications as the 2016 presidential campaign heats up. Clinton, the front-runner for the Democratic nomination, agreed this week to turn over to the FBI the private server she used as secretary of state, and Republicans in Congress have seized on the involvement of federal law enforcement as a sign that she was either negligent with the nation's secrets or worse.

On Monday, the inspector general for the 17 spy agencies that make up what is known as the intelligence community told Congress that two of 40 emails in a random sample of the 30,000 emails Clinton gave the State Department for review contained information deemed ""Top Secret/Sensitive Compartmented Information,"" one of the government's highest levels of classification.

The two emails were marked classified after consultations with the CIA, which is where the material originated, officials said.

The officials who spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity work in intelligence and other agencies. They wouldn't detail the contents of the emails because of ongoing questions about classification level. Clinton did not transmit the sensitive information herself, they said, and nothing in the emails she received makes clear reference to communications intercepts, confidential intelligence methods or any other form of sensitive sourcing.

The drone exchange, the officials said, begins with a copy of a news article that discusses the CIA drone program that targets terrorists in Pakistan and elsewhere. While a secret program, it is well-known and often reported on. The copy makes reference to classified information, and a Clinton adviser follows up by dancing around a top secret in a way that could possibly be inferred as confirmation, they said. Several officials, however, described this claim as tenuous.

But a second email reviewed by Charles McCullough, the intelligence community inspector general, appears more suspect. Nothing in the message is ""lifted"" from classified documents, the officials said, though they differed on where the information in it was sourced. Some said it improperly points back to highly classified material, while others countered that it was a classic case of what the government calls ""parallel reporting"" -- different people knowing the same thing through different means.

The emails came to light Tuesday after Sen. Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, reported that McCullough found four ""highly classified"" emails on the unusual homebrew server that Clinton used while she was secretary of State. Two were sent back to the State Department for review, but Grassley said the other two were, in fact, classified at the closely guarded ""Top Secret/SCI level.""

In a four-page fact sheet that accompanied a letter to Clinton supporters, Clinton spokeswoman Jennifer Palmieri stressed that Clinton was permitted to use her own email account as a government employee and that the same process concerning classification reviews would still be taking place had she used the standard ""state.gov"" email account used by most department employees. The State Department, meanwhile, stressed that it wasn't clear if the material at issue ought to be considered classified at all.

Still, the developments suggested that the security of Clinton's email setup and how she guarded the nation's secrets will remain relevant campaign topics. Even if the emails highlighted by the intelligence community prove innocuous, she will still face questions about whether she set up the private server with the aim of avoiding scrutiny, whether emails she deleted because she said they were personal were actually work-related, and whether she appropriately shielded such emails from possible foreign spies and hackers.

Clinton says she exchanged about 60,000 emails in her four years as secretary of state. She turned over all but what she said were personal emails late last year. The department has been making those public as they are reviewed and scrubbed of any sensitive data.

The State Department advised employees not to use personal email accounts for work, but it wasn't prohibited. But Clinton's senior advisers at the State Department would have been briefed upon basic protocol for handling classified information and retaining government records. In Clinton's time, most officials saved their emails onto a separate file or printed them out when leaving office. Only recently has the department begun automatically archiving the records of dozens of senior officials, including Secretary of State John Kerry.

In the emails, Clinton's advisers appear cognizant of secrecy protections.

In a series of August 2009 emails, Clinton aide Huma Abedin told Clinton that the U.S. point-man for Afghanistan, Richard Holbrooke, and another official wanted ""to do a secure"" conversation to discuss Afghan elections. Clinton said she could talk after she received a fax of a classified Holbrooke memo, also on a secure line. Later, Abedin wrote: ""He can talk now. We can send secure fax now. And then connect call.""

But other times, the line was blurred. Among Clinton's exchanges now censored as classified by the State Department was a brief exchange in October 2009 with Jeffrey Feltman, then the top U.S. diplomat for the Middle East. Both Clinton and Feltman's emails about an ""Egyptian proposal"" for a reconciliation ceremony with Hamas are marked B-1.4, classified for national security reasons, and completely blacked out from the email release.

A longer email the same day from Clinton to former Sen. George Mitchell, then Mideast peace envoy, is also censored. Mitchell responds tersely and carefully that ""the Egyptian document has been received and is being translated. We'll review it tonight and tomorrow morning, will consult with the Pals (Palestinians) through our Consul General, and then I'll talk with Gen. S again. We'll keep you advised.""",1
3106,Miracles Man: Metaxas Vs. Closed Minds And A Closed Universe,"Last Christmas, Christian apologist, Eric Metaxas published an article in the opinion section of the Wall Street Journal about a ‘miracle’, or perhaps I should say 'the miracle’ -- the origin of the universe. That article, Science Increasingly Makes the Case for God went on to become, if not quite a miracle, at least a sort of wonder. It was shared via email and social media more than any other opinion article in the history of the Wall Street Journal. That’s really saying something, since the Journal is known to have one of the most popular op/ed pages in the world. Former editor Robert Bartley quipped that his was the only opinion page in journalism that actually sold papers.

Metaxas certainly tapped into something. As of this writing this morning, that article has over 470,000 Facebook shares and well over 9,000 comments. The wonder is not the article itself, but the phenomenon that in an age of angry pop atheism and sloppy ‘God-is-dead’ scientific journalism, intelligent, well-educated people, the kind of people who read the Wall Street Journal, still have minds which are open to the idea that the universe is not closed; that there is something (or Someone) beyond it who can intervene into it, Who started it whirling into existence in the first place.

I sat down across a Skype line with Metaxas recently to discuss the paperback release of his book, Miracles: What They Are, Why They Happen, and How They Can Change Your Life. The first third of the book deals with philosophical issues: Are miracles possible? What are they exactly? And why are philosophical objections to them not quite as final or decisive as they purport to be?

The rest of the book is actual miracle stories, stories from history and stories from Metaxas’ circle of acquaintances. The latter are more persuasive than one might expect. We’ve all seen the toupee’d theurgist circuses of Christian television, hawking Jordan river water and magic oils to the gullible. But the people Metaxas describes in this book are a little harder to write off: Educated, well-read, accomplished leaders. The charming little story of Gregory Alan Thornbury and his wife and the miracle of the car keys packs a little extra power when you realize that Dr. Thornbury is a highly accomplished philosopher. I’m not saying that it’s right that secular elites in this country should write-off the testimony of people from trailer parks, I hate that contempt. But I am saying that if class and IQ are your excuses to not listen to people’s miracle stories, then Miracles takes away at least that excuse.

One of the most important features in the book is that miracles are not just intervention, they are information. I found myself wanting more along this line than the book offered. The koine Greek word for miracle is teras, and the word for sign is semeion, which is etymologically related to ‘sign’. Miracles are a form of communication. Modern materialists and those believers who live in reaction to materialism seem to think that the message of miracles is that God exists (or gods exist) and that this world is not the only world. The problem with that is that the miracles of the New Testament appeared in a world in which materialism was very rare, almost unknown outside upper class Romans. Jesus’ disputes with the religious leaders were not about whether God existed, they were about who God approved of and who He did not. In information science terms, miracles have 'entropy’ departures from the expected deterministic route, conferring signal or, as my friend George Gilder would say it, ‘surprise’.

Below you can find a partial transcript of the interview (which has been edited for clarity), and if you want the whole thing you can listen here.

JERRY BOWYER:  Eric Metaxas is our guest.  He's the author of Miracles: What They Are, Why They Happen, and How They Can Change Your Life, which has just been published in the paperback edition.

Eric, thanks for joining us today.

ERIC METAXAS:  Well, it is my pleasure.  Thanks for having me.

METAXAS:  Well, that's not so easy to answer.  I would say that there are two answers; they're equally true, because it depends on what your definition is.  And I kind of go with both in the book.  One definition is anything that is an injection into the material world, into the universe of time and space, from outside of that world.  So anytime anything happens in this world, and you say this isn't possible to explain naturalistically, that can be a miracle.

The parting of the Red Sea was not a coincidence.  Jesus walking on water was not a hallucination.  If those things actually happened, you can say those are miracles.

But also -- well, let me put it this way.  I say that those kinds of miracles are God's way of speaking to us, trying to get our attention.  And so that's a particular kind of miracle.  So most of us, when we say something is a miracle, that's what we're talking about.  We're not just talking about something amazing; we're talking about something amazing that actually involves God.

But alternatively, when we're talking about, let's say the creation of the universe, the Big Bang, when you look at the details of it -- and the first part of my book deals with faith and science -- the scientific details of it, the more we know from science, the scientific details of it are so staggering that you can't help but think this had to have been something that God did.

So on one level, everything, all of creation, partakes in the miraculous; if you believe that God is involved on any level, every electron spinning around every nucleus of every atom is somehow miraculous.

But basically, when we're talking about miracles, we're not talking about that.  We're typically talking about, you know, I prayed for Uncle Jimmy and suddenly he could walk again.  You know, that's the kind of a miracle typically we're talking about.  And most of the miracles in the book are those kinds of miracles.  And the thirty miracle stories at the end of the book are definitely those kinds of miracles.

BOWYER:  So your definition of miracle does not include, say, the act of creation.  That might be a wonder, because it's not an intervention into an existing set of physical laws; it's the origin of that existing set of physical laws.

METAXAS:  That is extremely heavy.  I wasn't prepared for that.  I would have gotten the coffee before the interview.  That is a brilliant, wonderful observation and clarification.  And I'm not used to this, Jerry, so thank you for doing that.

I would actually say that the act of creation is a miracle, but it is -- as I meant to clarify earlier, it's a different kind of miracle, because there was no one there to observe it happening.  Although, in retrospect, through science, we can see what happened, and we can be staggered retroactively, or retrospectively, we can be staggered.  The more you look at the origins of the universe, the more you look at what was necessary for the universe to come into being, the more you say this simply could not have happened, that makes no logical sense.  Occam's razor says it's much easier to say God did it, than to say, you know, a thousand things had to line up perfectly, and, oh by the way, coincidentally, they did.  That makes infinitely less sense; it's infinitely less plausible.

BOWYER:  All right.  So just a quick aside for nonphilosophical listeners and readers, Occam's razor refers to the principle that all other things being equal, the simpler the explanation which explains all the observations, the more likely that explanation is to be true.

METAXAS:  Yeah.  When you're talking about science, sometimes people are so put off by the idea that God created the universe that they come up with these baroque, really hilarious alternative explanations.  Like, they say oh, there's an infinity of universes; by the way, we can't see them and we have no evidence for them, but there has to be.  And of all of those infinite universes, one of them got everything perfectly right.  And guess what, we just happen to be living here right now… It's just swell.  Now, to me, when people say that, I think that's actually less scientific than saying a creator created the universe.

BOWYER:  Because by definition, there is no possible observation of multiverses.  They were completely hermetically sealed off from us.

METAXAS:  Right.  And this is what people -- people who advocate for so-called multiverse theory, themselves, say that there's no evidence for them.  So it's a really tremendous speculation that makes believing in the God of the Bible look infinitely scientific in comparison.",1
2339,Obama on gun control: His emotional evolution,"But on one issue -- guns -- President Barack Obama lets the public mask slip, revealing the ire boiling within.

Before the cameras, moved by the massacres of innocents that have punctuated his presidency, Obama has wept, his voice has cracked, he's visibly shaken with frustration, he's lashed out at lawmakers he sees as cowards and even led a congregation in ""Amazing Grace.""

On Tuesday, as he faced a room filled with parents and relatives of victims of gun violence, he stopped speaking, grew silent and wiped away the tears that began to fall when he recalled the first graders killed in a Connecticut elementary school three years ago.

""Every time I think about those kids, it gets me mad,"" Obama said in the East Room of the White House.

At times, the President has questioned the nation he leads, asking why no other advanced country seems so blighted with regular killing sprees and wondering aloud why Americans will not choose to stop the bloodshed.

Evolving through a cycle of sadness, poleaxing grief, frustration and outright fury, Obama has even offered hints of self-recrimination at his own earlier failure to touch the perfidious politics of gun control himself.

But so far, all the emoting, anger and frustration have added up to little. Despite an expansive flexing of his executive powers, Obama, hampered by a Republican Congress and wary Democrats, has failed to significantly tighten gun control laws.

""We are not inherently more prone to violence. But we are the only advanced country on Earth that sees this kind of mass violence erupt with this kind of frequency. It doesn't happen in other advanced countries. It's not even close,"" Obama said. ""Somehow we become numb to it and we start to feel that this is normal. And instead of thinking about how to solve the problem, this has become one of our most polarized, partisan debates, despite the fact that there's a general consensus in America about what needs to be done.""

He added, ""We do have to feel a sense of urgency about it. In Dr. King's words, we need to feel the fierce urgency of now -- because people are dying.""

He will also press for public support on the issue at a live town hall meeting hosted by CNN on Thursday night -- making gun violence a priority of his final year in office, days before his valedictory State of the Union address.

Obama insisted Tuesday that he merely wants to enact a few common-sense gun safety measures. But the gun lobby is mobilizing and Republicans, led by 2016 front-runner Donald Trump, insist Obama is out to make it impossible for people to buy guns.

From the campaign trail to Tucson to Aurora

Obama's often demoralizing and politically radioactive experience with the politics of gun control started when he first set eyes on the White House and have confounded him ever since.

He got off on the wrong foot with Second Amendment advocates with an offhand remark during his 2008 campaign, when he said people in Midwest communities hit hard by economic blight ""cling to guns or religion.""

That seemed to many critics as disdainful of lawful firearms owners themselves, a slip his foes have used again and again to warn the president is coming to get their guns.

Obama also appeared to underestimate the potency of the gun lobby and National Rifle Association back then as well.

""What we have to do is get beyond the politics of this issue,"" Obama he said at a 2008 Democratic debate in Philadelphia.

But when he took office, gun control seemed far from his mind. With a financial crisis raging, and other priorities like health care reform demanding political capital, Obama was absent on the issue while Democrats controlled both chambers of Congress.

And to be fair, there were few Democrats -- especially those in red states -- who would have welcomed tough votes on gun control.

At a memorial service, a saddened Obama comforted relatives and cracked hearts when he hoped the youngest victim, nine-year-old Christina Taylor Green, was jumping ""in rain puddles in Heaven.""

But he used the tragedy, not to make the kind of outspoken call for gun control that would become familiar in later years but to call on Americans to cleanse their poisoned politics.

""Rather than pointing fingers or assigning blame, let's use this occasion to expand our moral imaginations, to listen to each other more carefully,"" he said.

In the months to come, Obama would be called upon to react to more shootings, including one at a Sikh temple in Wisconsin in which six people died and a massacre at a movie theater in Aurora, Colorado, in which 12 were killed.

But the emotional strain was clearly beginning to take a toll as he wondered after Aurora how he would feel if his daughters had been caught at the scene.

For Obama, the dam broke on what he later named as the worst day of his presidency in December 2012.

A few days later, at a heart-searing memorial service, loud sobs rang out in a school auditorium as Obama slowly read the roll of those killed, while crossing a threshold -- no longer reluctant to start talking politics as he mourned the dead.

""We, as a nation, are left with some hard questions .... can we truly say, as a nation, that we're meeting our obligations?"" Obama said, offering to put whatever power his office held to prevent more tragedies.

And Obama kept to his word -- for several months.

The process did not only leave Obama looking like he'd let the relatives of the Newtown dead down, it appeared to further sour him on Washington itself, a town he no longer saw as moveable by the forces of hope and change.

""This was a pretty shameful day for Washington,"" Obama said, in a stunningly frank appearance in the White House Rose Garden after the lost Senate vote in April 2013.

""It came down to politics -- the worry that that vocal minority of gun owners would come after them in future elections,"" said Obama. ""They worried that the gun lobby would spend a lot of money and paint them as anti-Second Amendment.""

Obama did enact 23 executive actions that the White House says have been successful, though officials admit that true reform is only possible through Congress.

But gun control once again slipped down the president's agenda -- after the White House apparently concluded the politics of the issue were impossible.

It took another year shattered by tragedies in 2015 from a bloodbath in a church in Charleston, South Carolina, to a massacre at a community college in Roseburg, Oregon, to draw Obama back into the fray.

In one of the seminal moments of his presidency, Obama broke into ""Amazing Grace"" at a memorial service for a preacher and eight others killed in South Carolina by a gunman who wanted to incite a race war.

After another weary appearance at the White House podium after the Oregon shooting, Obama made clear his heart was sick at the whole futile business of going before the cameras to bemoan another massacre.

""Somehow this has become routine,"" Obama told reporters.

He made no apologies for politicizing the issue and warned ""this is not something I can do myself"" before going the extra step of worrying about his nation's soul.

""I would ask the American people to think about how they can get our government to change these laws,"" he said.

But the killings went on. After a radicalized Muslim couple staged a mass killing in San Bernardino, California, Obama faced a buzzsaw of Republican opposition when he spoke of the need to stop potential terrorists getting hold of guns. GOP presidential candidates said he should be focused on the threat from radical Islam not making it more difficult for law abiding Americans to defend themselves.

Now, Obama is back to try again, but even the President admits the measures are limited in scope.

""We maybe can't save everybody, but we could save some. Just as we don't prevent all traffic accidents, but we ... try to reduce traffic accidents,"" Obama said Tuesday. ""As Ronald Reagan once said, if mandatory background checks could save more lives, it would be well worth making it the law of the land.""

And with prospects bleak for any significant action in Congress, Obama's latest effort may be more about making peace with the relatives of the dead and his own conscience as the result of a realistic assessment that change is possible now.",1
2422,The Clock Is Ticking And Republicans Still Have No Serious Obamacare Alternative,"Republicans keep saying they’ll be ready to act if the Supreme Court upholds the big legal challenge to Obamacare, thereby wiping out financial assistance for millions of people in two-thirds of the states.

 

 With the clock ticking down to a ruling, it’s gotten awfully hard to take the GOP’s vows seriously.

Most experts expect the court to rule on King v. Burwell, as the case is known, on or around June 29, which is the last official day of its term. A victory for the plaintiffs would cut off tax credits that residents in Florida, Texas and 32 other states now use to pay for health insurance they obtain through Healthcare.gov, the federally operated marketplace.

The ranks of the uninsured would swell by more than 8 million, according to an estimate by the Urban Institute. The loss of so many customers would likely force insurance companies to raise premiums and withdraw altogether from some markets, affecting even those customers buying directly from insurers rather than through Obamacare's marketplaces.

Under Supreme Court rules, an order would typically take effect within 25 days of its announcement from the bench. In theory, the court could issue a stay delaying its impact. In practice, legal experts consider such a move both unlikely and of questionable significance, given the tight deadlines that insurers and state regulators face for setting next year's premiums.

Infographic by Alissa Scheller for The Huffington Post.

 

 Leaders of the Republican Party have cheered on the lawsuit, in some cases filing formal friend-of-the-court briefs in support of it. They have also promised -- in op-eds, speeches and interviews -- to craft a “transitional” plan, or some kind of “off-ramp,” if the lawsuit is successful. The goals of such plans, Republican leaders have said, would be to minimize disruption for the people who now depend upon Affordable Care Act tax credits for their insurance, while crafting a long-term replacement scheme that would serve the public better than President Barack Obama’s health care law has. 

 

 Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) was among those who made that promise back in early February, shortly after he took over as chairman of the Ways and Means Committee. “We have to have a contingency plan,” Ryan said. “We think we need to have an option, a plan, for these states that might find themselves in this difficult position.”

 

 Ryan’s committee, arguably the most powerful in the House, has direct jurisdiction over health care financing. So how many hearings has it held about these contingency plans?

 

 Zero.

Over in the Senate, Ron Johnson (R-Wis.) has introduced actual legislation and it has nearly 30 co-sponsors, including Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), who is the majority leader. But the bill is at best a first draft at legislation and, so far, neither the Finance Committee (which has the most power over health legislation) nor the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee (which also has some jurisdiction) has sought testimony or scheduled a hearing -- about either the Johnson bill specifically or, more generally, what to do if the Supreme Court stops the tax credits in those 34 states. 

 

 No, in the six months since the Supreme Court announced it would hear King v. Burwell, Republicans in Congress have held exactly one formal hearing that focused on the subject. It took place last week, before the Senate Small Business and Entrepreneurship Committee. But the Small Business Committee is among the least powerful in Congress and it has virtually no jurisdiction over health care financing issues. That may explain why it attracted very little interest -- even from committee members, only a handful of whom bothered to show up.

 

 A generous takeaway from that hearing -- and lack of others -- is that Republicans are thinking about and working on health care plans much more intensely behind the scenes. Brendan Buck, Ryan’s spokesman, pointed out to The Huffington Post that Republican leaders have convened a working group to craft a post-King contingency plan -- with Ryan among its leaders. That group is now meeting three times a week, Buck said: “They’re informal, but it’s an active group.” 

 

 In addition, several high-profile conservative intellectuals have been talking and writing actively about how Republicans ought to react if the court takes their side -- and what kind of health care plan Republicans should be proposing as an alternative to the Affordable Care Act, regardless of how the justices rule. Avik Roy, the Manhattan Institute scholar and Forbes columnist now working with former Texas Gov. Rick Perry’s political action committee, has been outspoken on the need for an alternative. Philip Klein, longtime writer on health care and now managing editor of the Washington Examiner, has written a whole book on the subject.

 

 But there's a reason that congressional Democrats spent literally years holding hearings on health care reform and then, in 2009, focusing intensely on legislation for several months. The hearings were sometimes acrimonious and, for reform advocates, the media coverage that testimony and questions generated was a source of never-ending grief. At the same time, these hearings, before the committees that actually had jurisdiction on the issues, were necessary to craft a solution that could accomplish the reform’s main goals and then rally enough support to make it through Congress.

The kinds of plans Republicans seem to have in mind would require making equally difficult trade-offs and uniting even more fractious groups. Johnson’s bill, for example, would limit enrollment in plans only to those who already have them, and it would eliminate the individual mandate -- the requirement that people get coverage or pay a fine -- in all of the states. That would force insurers to raise premiums or maybe exit markets altogether.

Other Republicans have discussed altering the Affordable Care Act's regulation on premiums, so that insurers could charge less to younger people. But reducing premiums for the young means raising them for the old, which might be hard for Republicans to pull off given that older voters are now their political base.

Johnson's bill has gone to the Congressional Budget Office for a formal estimate on its impact, a Johnson spokesperson confirmed. That's meaningful -- and more than can be said of most proposals that Republicans have floated on op-ed pages recently. But if Republicans were serious about crafting a proposal that's capable of avoiding disruption and passing Congress, they would have started hashing out these arguments months ago.

Of course, the absence of a public effort to match the public rhetoric matters only if Republicans are actually serious about passing a plan. They may not be. Their real goals may be purely cosmetic -- to insulate the party from a political backlash should millions of people suddenly lose health insurance and, more immediately, to ease the anxiety of Chief Justice John Roberts and Associate Justice Anthony Kennedy, either of whom might hesitate to issue a ruling with such potentially devastating consequences to so many people.

 

 The lack of hearings obviously doesn’t prove that Republican leaders have such ulterior, cynical motives. But it makes that theory a lot more plausible.",1
1597,Trump treads on tradition in New Hampshire,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
4261,GOP presidential candidates hammer on 'top secret' Clinton emails in final days before Iowa Caucus,"The Republican presidential candidates are seizing on the “top secret” Hillary Clinton emails in the final weekend before the Iowa Caucus, trying to slow their top Democratic rival by arguing her mishandling of the messages makes her unfit to be president.



“Hillary Clinton is a major national security risk. Not presidential material!” GOP frontrunner Donald Trump tweeted after the State Department said Friday that it will withhold 22 emails from Clinton's correspondence as secretary of state because they are classified “top secret.”

Trump and the 10 other Republican candidates are barnstorming across Iowa this weekend ahead of the Iowa Caucus on Monday, the first-in-the-nation balloting in the 2016 presidential race.

Clinton, the Democratic frontrunner, revealed last spring that she used a private server and email accounts for official business when she was the country’s top diplomat.

The State Department has in compliance with a federal court order released thousands of page of Clinton emails, with classified information redacted. However the agency said Friday that the 22 top-secret messages, in seven email chains, will not be released.

The intelligence community has deemed some of Clinton’s emails “too damaging"" to national security to release under any circumstances, a U.S. government official close to the ongoing review told Fox News.

“The new e-mail release is a disaster for Hillary Clinton,” Trump also tweeted. “At a minimum, how can someone with such bad judgement be our next president?”

Clinton has repeatedly said she never sent classified information through her private accounts. Her campaign on Friday questioned the secrecy of the messages and called for the State Department to release them.

The FBI is investigating the matter, which has raised questions about how federal agencies have different rules for classifying information and whether some of the emails were marked classified after the fact.

Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, Clinton’s top primary challenger, has declined to talk about the emails.

There is a “legal process in place, which should proceed and not be politicized,"" he said Friday.

During the first Democratic debate last year, Sanders famously dismissed the issue by saying, ""the American people are sick and tired of hearing about your damn emails!""

He trails Clinton by rough 5 percentage points in Iowa but leads her by roughly 15 points in New Hampshire, which votes Feb. 9, according to the RealClearPolitics poll averaging.

Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, running third in most GOP polls behind Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, told an audience in Clinton, Iowa, that such sensitive emails being on Clinton’s server is “not acceptable.”

Cruz suggests that Clinton’s use of the private server and emails now appears “far more serious” than previously thought and that the most recent revelations put her candidacy into more peril.

Cruz, who has 15 events in Iowa before the caucus, is also raising questions about whether the Justice Department, run by the Obama administration, would indeed indict Clinton, if the investigation leads to that decision.

“There is an acceptance that the enforcement of criminal justice is decided not by the laws of this country, but by some political hack in the West Wing of the White House.That is not how our Constitution is meant to operate,” Cruz said on the Hugh Hewitt radio show.

“If she is indicted, it is difficult to see how she could successfully run for president. I would put nothing past the gall and audacity of the Clintons to try. But even the Democratic Party, I would find it hard to believe that they would be eager to nominate someone who is under indictment and could well face felony incarceration.”

Fox News' Catherine Herridge and Pamela K. Browne and The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2640,"Cleveland, Justice Department Reach Policing Deal","Cleveland has reached a settlement with the Department of Justice over a pattern of excessive force and civil rights violations by its police department, and it could be announced as soon as Tuesday, a senior federal law enforcement official said.

The official, who wasn't authorized to speak publicly about the settlement before the formal announcement, spoke Monday on the condition of anonymity.

News of the settlement came days after a white police officer was acquitted of manslaughter for firing the final 15 rounds of a 137-shot police barrage through the windshield of a car carrying two unarmed black suspects in 2012.

The suspects' backfiring vehicle had been mistaken for a gunshot, leading to a high-speed chase involving 62 police cruisers. Once the suspects were cornered, 13 officers fired at the car.

The case prompted an 18-month Department of Justice investigation into the practices of the police. In a scathing report released in December, the department required the city to devise a plan to reform the police force.

The specifics of the settlement were unavailable. Messages left for a Department of Justice spokeswoman and the Cleveland Police Department seeking comment weren't returned.

The Department of Justice's report spared no one in the police chain of command. The worst examples of excessive force involved patrol officers who endangered lives by shooting at suspects and cars, hit people over the head with guns and used stun guns on handcuffed suspects.

Supervisors and police higher-ups received some of the report's most searing criticism. The report said officers were poorly trained and some didn't know how to implement use-of-force policies. It also said officers were ill-equipped.

Mobile computers that are supposed to be in patrol cars often don't work, and, even when they do, officers don't have access to essential databases, the report said.

Police Chief Calvin Williams said in December that while it wasn't easy to have to share the federal government findings with his 1,500-member department he was committed to change.

""The people of this city need to know we will work to make the police department better,"" Williams said.

The investigation marked the second time in recent years the Department of Justice has taken the Cleveland police to task over the use of force. But unlike in 2004, when the department left it up to local police to clean up their act, federal authorities this time have been negotiating a consent decree designed to serve as a blueprint for lasting change among police. Several other police departments in the country now operate under federal consent decrees that involve independent oversight.

The Department of Justice in the last five years has launched broad investigations into the practices of more than 20 police forces, including in Ferguson, Missouri, where a white police officer shot and killed unarmed black teenager Michael Brown, and in Baltimore, where another black man, Freddie Gray, suffered a spinal cord injury in police custody and later died. The Brown and Gray cases spawned protests that sometimes turned violent.

Saturday's bench verdict on the manslaughter charge against Cleveland patrolman Michael Brelo led to a day of mostly peaceful protests but also more than 70 arrests.

Two other high-profile police-involved deaths still hang over Cleveland, a predominantly black and largely poor city: a 12-year-old boy holding a pellet gun fatally shot by a rookie patrolman and a mentally ill woman in distress who died after officers took her to the ground and handcuffed her.",1
4477,"A GOP Weekend, Courtesy Of The Koch Network And Citizens United","A GOP Weekend, Courtesy Of The Koch Network And Citizens United

Republican presidential hopefuls are turning out this weekend for two big events, but just one of them, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, plans to be at both.

Cruz is among seven possible contenders who spoke Saturday at the Iowa Freedom Summit, co-sponsored by Rep. Steve King, R-Iowa, and the group Citizens United. Sunday night, Cruz is scheduled to join two possible primary rivals, Sens. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., and Rand Paul, R-Ky., at a semi-annual conference of the Freedom Partners Chamber of Commerce.

Freedom Partners is a central part of the powerful conservative network assembled by billionaires David and Charles Koch.

Cruz, Rubio and Paul are to appear Sunday in a ""national policy forum"" moderated by ABC News correspondent Jonathan Karl. The discussion is to be live-streamed to news organizations, although not to the general public. The conference runs through the weekend, providing well-heeled donors in the Koch network a chance to get acquainted with likely candidates.

The live-streaming marks a break with barring reporters from covering the conferences. But in recent years, the conferences have been beset by leaked documents and surreptitious audio recordings. Last June, someone recorded Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, then running for re-election, saying the day the McCain-Feingold campaign finance law was signed was ""the worst day of my life."" Another audio clip, in which Iowa Republican Sen. Joni Ernst praised the Koch network, was used in an attack ad in her Senate bid, which she won.

There are indications that the Koch network may engage in the GOP presidential primary — a step it's previously avoided taking. As a measure of the network's clout, the Wesleyan Media Project, which tracks political advertising, estimates that in the 2014 midterm elections, four Koch groups ran more than 12,000 TV ads, at a cost exceeding $25 million. The groups were the Freedom Partners Chamber of Commerce, the superPAC Freedom Partners Action Fund and the social welfare groups Americans for Prosperity and Concerned Veterans for America.",1
5184,"Juan Williams: My bets on Trump, Clinton vice presidential picks","Editor's note: The following column originally appeared in The Hill newspaper and on The Hill.com. For more, click here.

I’m not one to gossip but…

There is a flood of early talk in political circles about who will get the vice presidential nods from Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton.

The strategy for picking a running mate this year is wildly different from anything seen before.

The textbook on picking a VP calls for a heavy focus on adding swing-state support for the top of the ticket. The book also advises finding a running mate seen by voters as plausibly able to take over as president.

Well, throw out the textbook.

No one believes that any running mate is going to tip this year’s electoral map. And no strong, silent type fits the bill at a moment when voters want to shake up the system.

When Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) paid a visit to Clinton just days after she claimed the nomination, speculation kicked into overdrive.

And phone lines got hot when former Speaker Newt Gingrich (R-Ga.) and Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.) were overheard in a TV green room telling each other that the other one is the best choice to run with Trump.

The dynamics that frame the selection of a VP this year were evident in a Washington Post/ABC poll released last week. It found that nearly 70 percent of Americans have an unfavorable of view of Trump, a 10-point increase since he entered the race last summer. According to the same poll, Clinton also reached a new personal high in her unfavorable rating at 55 percent.

Clinton’s trouble is dwarfed by Trump’s trouble. He is viewed negatively by 94 percent of blacks, 89 percent of Latinos and 77 percent of women.

Picking a dazzling candidate as his running mate is one move that has the potential to change the way the world sees him.

The last attempt to dazzle and distract with a vice-presidential pick was in 2008. GOP nominee Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) got off to a good start with his surprise pick of little-known Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. She is beautiful, high energy and, that year, she had the potential to attract women disappointed that the Democrats had selected a black man over a woman as their nominee.

But the sparkle wore off quickly when Palin began to look uninformed and inept. Questions were raised about McCain’s judgment. Palin’s family life also became a staple of the gossip columns.

Palin’s selection looked especially bad in contrast with Democrat Barack Obama’s pick of Sen.Joe Biden (D-Del.). Biden was experienced and known to be a good guy, while his selection took the edge off the risk of putting a first-term senator in the Oval Office.

This time, Trump and Clinton need running mates combining the qualities of Palin and Biden.

The Trump campaign went nuts last month when Ben Carson said that Trump’s shortlist included Palin. Sens. Marco Rubio (Fla) and Ted Cruz (Texas), and two governors, Chris Christie of New Jersey and John Kasich of Ohio, were purportedly also on the list.

Palin’s downside is obvious; a desperate-looking Christie won’t do either. And Trump can’t afford to extend an offer to Rubio, Cruz or Kasich because he can’t risk being turned down.

That problem is getting worse by the minute as Trump lags farther and farther behind Clinton in the polls. Any dazzling vice-presidential pick has to think about his or her own political future. What will happen to them if Trump suffers a Barry Goldwater-style blowout loss in November?

Gingrich remains a serious contender to be Trump’s number two. He is a well-known personality and an ace with a TV soundbite who is also accustomed to dealing with controversy over his personal life.

But Gingrich sharply criticized Trump for his attacks on New Mexico Governor Susana Martinez and Federal Judge Gonzalo Curiel.

Trump then did an impromptu poll on possible running mates. He asked the audience at a rally in Tampa to pick from Gingrich, Sessions or former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice. Rice got the biggest applause from the crowd.

Rice is a dazzler but the odds that she is willing to sign on are low to non-existent.

Meanwhile, on the Democratic side, Clinton needs a star to bring young, energetic supporters of her primary rival, Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, back into the fold.

That means Clinton can’t bring on a centrist pick. Moderate Democrats with close ties to corporate America like Sens. Joe Manchin of West Virginia or Mark Warner of Virginia, or former Sen. Evan Bayh of Indiana, would anger the liberal base of the party.

She is left to choose among Warren and other left-of-center Democrats such as Sens. Sherrod Brown (Ohio) and Tim Kaine (Va.).

Warren, however, has powerful detractors. Critics say she lacks foreign policy experience and note that she has never run a city, state, cabinet agency or business.

“I think she will not pick somebody that she feels in her heart isn’t ready to be President or Commander-in-Chief,” former Pennsylvania Governor and DNC Chairman Ed Rendell recently told a Philadelphia radio station. “I think Elizabeth Warren is a wonderful, bright, passionate person, but with no experience in foreign affairs and not in any way, shape or form ready to be commander-in-chief.”

Clinton could find dazzle by naming the first Latino vice-presidential candidate. But no one doubts she will win Latino voters energized by Trump's insults regardless. If she still wants that option, then Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julian Castro is the leading candidate. Labor Secretary Tom Perez and California Congressman Xavier Becerra have come on strong in the last few weeks.

When all the talk ends, Trump has few options. His best bet to dazzle is Gingrich. Clinton has a wider range, led by Kaine, Castro and Warren.

Juan Williams is a co-host of FNC's ""The Five,"" where he is one of seven rotating Fox personalities.

",1
4648,How Trump And Clinton Are Framing Their Closing Arguments,"How Trump And Clinton Are Framing Their Closing Arguments

With less than two weeks to go before Election Day, Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton have each framed a closing argument to voters. Each is also focusing on battleground states in ways that reveal different paths to victory — earning 270 electoral votes on election night. (You can read more about the state of play here.)

Here, we lay out what voters will see from each candidate in the final days of the 2016 presidential campaign.

Trump has ridden a wave of anti-Washington sentiment all year, and in the final weeks of his campaign he's trying to crystallize that message.

Trump recently rolled out a reform package he's referring to as ""draining the swamp."" Trump wants to pass a constitutional amendment setting term limits for lawmakers. He's also calling for a hiring freeze on non-military federal employees, lobbying restrictions, and a sharp reduction in federal regulations.

Trump is now citing these proposals at every rally, along with a long laundry list of other priorities for the first hundred days of a Trump administration. Those include:

The Trump campaign has been running this ad in heavy rotation to draw a contrast between the Republican and Democratic nominees, to show how he will ""Make America Great Again.""

There's a problem Trump continues to create for himself: These policy proposals are often lost in the headlines created when Trump dwells on grievances against his perceived enemies in the media, government and other ""elite"" power structures.

Take Trump's recent speech in Gettysburg, Pa., which was billed as the roll-out of his agenda for the first 100 days of a Trump administration. Trump began the speech by promising to bring legal action against women who have accused him of sexual assault and harassment. This new threat — and not the repackaged proposals he had spoken about before — became the day's news.

Trump spent several minutes at a Monday rally in St. Augustine, Fla., railing against the media. ""They're almost as crooked as Hillary,"" he said. ""They may even be more crooked than Hillary, because without the media, she would be nothing.""

In Trump's telling, the FBI is in league with the Obama administration in its decision not to bring charges against Hillary Clinton for her private email server. And the press is in league with Clinton's campaign.

Trump has said polls showing him trailing Clinton are ""phony"" and that fact-checkers are ""crooked as hell"" — which fits his brand as the ""anti-everything,"" as NPR's Mara Liasson has framed Trump's approach. This resonates powerfully with the GOP nominee's core supporters, but it's unclear how strong that appeal is beyond Trump's base.

On the stump these days, Clinton continues to highlight her policy agenda, often circling back to issues she's been discussing on the campaign trail for months, such as college affordability and equal pay for women. She's also keen to talk about climate change and job investments.

Clinton is a policy wonk, and she's leaning into that in these final weeks. At the same time, she's increasingly willing to nod to the historic nature of her candidacy. She explicitly tied her policy goals to her gender this way on Monday:

""I do have a lot of plans, I do. And I get criticized for having so many plans,"" Clinton said. ""Maybe it's a bit of a women's thing because we make lists. We do, we make lists, and we try to write down what we're supposed to do and then cross them off as we go through the day and the week. And so, I want you to think about our plans as our lists — our lists as a country.""

Clinton often ties all of her ideas back to one central theme — that the decisions the next president makes will affect the kind of country America's children inherit. She's trying to drill home the idea that her campaign is focused on ""kids and families.""

""This is about more than winning an election; it's about the kind of country we want for our kids and grandkids,"" Clinton told voters at a rally in Manchester, N.H., on Monday.

In two new ads the campaign released this week, those closing arguments are reinforced as voters are encouraged to think about the future they want for their children.

Clinton is trying to convince voters that Donald Trump is mounting an ""an unprecedented attack on our democracy.""

Since the final debate in Las Vegas last week, she's hitting Trump on his reservations about saying he'll respect the results of the election.

""That is a direct threat to our democracy,"" Clinton told a crowd of a few thousand on the campus of Saint Anselm College in Manchester on Monday. ""I'm not going to try to call it anything else, because that's what it is. All this talk about the election being rigged, trying to stir up people who are supporting him at his rallies, that is a direct threat to our democracy.""

To quote the late Tim Russert, Donald Trump's election strategy can be boiled down to ""Florida, Florida, Florida."" Tuesday marked the third straight day Trump spent in the state. There's a good reason for that: Trump has no plausible path to the White House if he doesn't carry Florida's 29 electoral votes.

""Florida is must-win, and I think we're winning it,"" Trump told Fox News on Tuesday morning.

In addition to campaigning all over the state, Trump has focused a substantial amount of advertising dollars on Florida.

But Florida isn't enough. Trump has to basically sweep the battleground states in order to win. Other states where Trump is buying television ads — and making repeated visits — include North Carolina, Ohio and Pennsylvania.

Trump will hit two of those states — Ohio and North Carolina — later this week.

In yet another indication of how Trump has blended a presidential campaign with personal business, he's taking time off the campaign trail Wednesday morning to attend a grand opening ceremony at his new Washington, D.C., hotel.

While Trump does that, running mate Mike Pence is campaigning in deeply conservative Utah. That's something the GOP ticket needs to do this year, due to a collapse in support from Utah Republican leaders and serious apathy toward Trump from Mormon voters. Those two interrelated factors have opened the door for independent conservative candidate Evan McMullin to run neck and neck with Trump in Utah.

Trump is also defending a number of other traditionally red states, including Arizona, Georgia and Texas, where Clinton is challenging his lead.

This week, Clinton is focused on swing states where large numbers of people have already begun voting. That includes places like Florida (where she's campaigning Tuesday and Wednesday) and North Carolina (which she'll visit Thursday with first lady Michelle Obama). The campaign estimates some 60 percent of Floridians will cast their ballots by Election Day.

""Florida, Nevada, Iowa, North Carolina — these are all states where we expect a majority of people will have voted before Election Day,"" said Clinton spokeswoman Jennifer Palmieri.

Democrats have a staffing advantage that could help with turnout in some of these early voting states — for the presidential race and for the competitive Senate races many are seeing.

The multipronged offense is focused on states Trump needs more than Clinton to reach 270 electoral votes. Florida tops the list. On Thursday, Clinton will campaign in North Carolina, a state that went for the Republican presidential candidate in 2012, and on Friday she'll be in Iowa, a state where most of the polls have shown Trump with an edge — though polling has been relatively scarce there in recent weeks.

Clinton's campaign has not ruled out the idea of campaigning in traditionally Republican states, such as Arizona, where she seems to be in a statistical tie with Trump.

She has plenty of backup, too. Michelle Obama and Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren have gotten lots of attention for their rebukes of Trump on the campaign trail. And President Obama is expected to campaign heavily in the next two weeks. That means Clinton's campaign can simply cover a lot more ground ahead of Nov. 8.",1
3144,Scott Walker and questioning Obama’s faith,"When Scott Walker pronounced himself agnostic about President Obama’s patriotism and Christian faith, it must have seemed like a clever formulation. “I’ve never asked him, so I don’t know,” he said. And about Obama’s Christianity: “I’ve never asked him that.”

Walker quickly found his pitch unequal to the presidential big leagues. His argument can’t be generalized into a rule. I have never met Billy Graham, for example, but I’m pretty sure what he believes. As political attacks go, this one is particularly heavy-handed — the equivalent of saying: As far as I know, my opponent is not a swindler and a degenerate. A politician who tried this form of passive aggression before also got criticized for it. During the 2008 Democratic primary fight, Hillary Clinton said that Obama was not a Muslim “as far as I know” — sounding more like one of the wackier speakers at a CPAC convention.

For Walker, this is more of a paper cut than a chest wound. But for the Republican Party, which some Americans associate with religious exclusivity, it can’t be good for a front-runner to sound religiously exclusive.

Walker’s Baptist upbringing — he is the son of a pastor — does put a particular emphasis on the personal acceptance of Christ. It was another Baptist governor, Jimmy Carter, who elevated the idea of being “born again” into the realm of presidential politics. For evangelicals in general, there is no such thing as a birthright Christian. Faith requires a conscious and highly consequential decision — a choice that some do not make.

But here Obama has been as forthright as anyone could be. “I am a Christian, and I am a devout Christian,” he said in a 2008 Christianity Today interview. “I believe in the redemptive death and resurrection of Jesus Christ. I believe that that faith gives me a path to be cleansed of sin and have eternal life. But most importantly, I believe in the example that Jesus set by feeding the hungry and healing the sick and always prioritizing the least of these over the powerful. I didn’t ‘fall out in church’ as they say, but there was a very strong awakening in me of the importance of these issues in my life. I didn’t want to walk alone on this journey. Accepting Jesus Christ in my life has been a powerful guide for my conduct and my values and my ideals.”

Questioning this affirmation involves a serious charge — an accusation of the worst sort of cynicism. And it is simply not the role of a Christian layman to publicly dispute the self-identification of other Christians, especially in a political context. It is a practice that can lead down ugly alleys of sectarianism.

Some, of course, will find the whole idea that human beings can make profoundly consequential religious choices to be foreign. And they may find proselytization — the necessary correlate of religious choice — to be offensive. But here a little patience might be in order. In many cases, adult converts have come through low points of addiction, humiliation or crisis. They believe they have found, past the limits of their own strength, something extraordinary and undeserved, which they can only describe as grace.

You may find such converts to be deluded or annoying, but there is little doubt that they have had a profound experience that defies adequate metaphor. They feel they have been washed by water or refined by fire. They have heard a voice in the night or a melody above the noise. Things previously thought important — status or wealth — appear vanishingly insignificant. They can say, with G.K. Chesterton:

And all these things are less than dust to me

Because my name is Lazarus and I live.

In such cases, people amazed by grace are wont to talk about it. But this motivation is the opposite of self-righteous judgment. It is gratitude. I have known people who, after a single moment of transforming trust, have spent the rest of their lives in astonished and vocal thankfulness.

But this type of faith, by definition, is unlikely to publicly judge the faith of others. It is founded on recognition of personal limits and failure. In the New Testament, grace often moves in stealthy and unexpected ways — lavished on lepers, Samaritans and tax collectors. Perhaps the modern equivalents would be people with HIV/AIDS, illegal immigrants and . . . tax collectors.

In any case, Christians should not look to the powerful for definitions of orthodoxy — or be proud of an unmerited gift.

Read more from Michael Gerson’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook .",1
1784,What Is Hillary’s Greatest Accomplishment?,"“If you want to stump a Democrat, ask them to name an accomplishment of Hillary Clinton,” Carly Fiorina quipped at Wednesday’s Republican debate. The line got hearty applause—but it also cut to the core of one of the defining lines of attacks against the former first lady and Democratic presidential frontrunner. After nearly forty years in public life, what exactly has she accomplished?

It’s a question that even, at times, has tripped up Clinton herself: During her 2014 book tour, when ABC’s Diane Sawyer asked her about her “marquee achievement,” Clinton changed the subject and she fumbled over a similar question during a women’s forum in Manhattan last year. “I see my role as secretary—in fact leadership in general in a democracy—as a relay race. You run the best race you can run, you hand off the baton. Some of what hasn’t been finished may go on to be finished,” she told Thomas Friedman. “I’m very proud of the [economic] stabilization and the really solid leadership that the administration provided that I think now leads us to be able to deal with problems like Ukraine because we’re not so worried about a massive collapse in Europe.”

The question Fiorina posed has also tripped up members of the Obama administration. When State Department spokesperson Jen Psaki was asked last year to “identify one tangible achievement” accomplished through one of Hillary Clinton’s key projects as Secretary of State—the first-ever audit of the department—Psaki punted, “I am certain that those who were here at the time, who worked hard on that effort, could point out one.”

Hillary’s supporters have been stumped too. When Bloomberg Politics’ Mark Halperin asked a focus group of Iowans this summer about Hillary Clinton’s accomplishments, one Democratic supporter said, “I honestly can’t say I followed along [with] everything that was going on.”

So is Fiorina right? Are Democrats really unable to defend Clinton’s record on the merits? To find out, Politico Magazine on Thursday asked the nation’s top Democratic leaders and thinkers to name Hillary Clinton’s biggest accomplishment.

What is the most impressive item on Clinton’s record? Which legislative or policy triumph from her many years in office will be most important on the campaign trail? Not surprisingly, those surveyed all came up with an answer to defend their party’s likely presidential nominee. Whether these count as “marquee,” “significant,” or “tangible”? You be the judge.

‘It’s kind of hard to pick one accomplishment’

By Bill Burton, former senior strategist for Priorities USA Action, a super PAC in support of President Barack Obama.

It’s kind of hard to pick one accomplishment for Hillary Clinton. Personally, I’m sure she’d say her daughter and grandchild are her greatest accomplishments. Professionally, how about these three?

1. Her China speech on women.

2. Her role in killing Osama bin Laden.

3. Management of the State Department during which time we saw a 50 percent increase in exports to China, aggressive work on climate (particularly at Copenhagen), and the effort to create and implement the toughest sanctions ever on Iran—helping to lead us to the agreement currently on the table.

‘The sanction on Iran that brought them to the table’

Howard Dean is the former governor of Vermont and the former chair of the Democratic National Committee.

Hillary Clinton was the principal author of the sanction on Iran that brought them to the table. We cannot afford any Know Nothings like Carly in the White House.

‘Nearly every foreign policy victory of President Obama’s second term has Secretary Clinton’s fingerprints on it’

American foreign policy was stronger when Hillary Clinton left the State Department than when she arrived. She took the reins from a Bush administration that had left America’s reputation deeply damaged and planted the seeds for the foreign policy successes we see today. From the agreement to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon, to the landmark normalization of relations with Cuba, nearly every foreign policy victory of President Obama’s second term has Secretary Clinton’s fingerprints on it.

Her accomplishments extend to health care, as well. As First Lady, she helped create and guide through Congress Children’s Health Insurance Program, a key program that brought health care coverage to millions of children. As a Senator, she worked across the aisle to provide full military health benefits to reservists and National Guard members.

Secretary Clinton was also an outspoken champion for women around the world. She set records for travel while leading the State Department and used every trip to empower the women of the 112 countries she visited. She made gender equality a priority of U.S. foreign policy. And she created the ambassador at large for global women’s issues, a post charged with integrating gender throughout the State Department.

‘The SCHIP program … which expanded health coverage to millions of lower-income children’

After universal health care failed in 1994, the Clinton Administration was reluctant to go anywhere near healthcare again—Democrats lost the Senate and the House in 1994, and losing the house was for the first time in 40 years. Then-First Lady Hilary Clinton ended up being the White House ally and inside player who worked with Ted Kennedy and Orrin Hatch to create the SCHIP program in Clinton's second term, which expanded health coverage to millions of lower-income children. She has other accomplishments but this one made a huge difference, and came at a time when politically the Administration was cutting deals with Newt Gingrich on the budget and not necessarily all that enthusiastic about revisiting health care.

This obviously isn't her only accomplishment but it is meaningful because she took a political battering after the failure in 1994 but came back to fight again, and was able to work on a bipartisan basis during a very polarized time to get this done. Seems relevant!

‘Clinton is one of the most accomplished people ever to run’

By Chuck Schumer, U.S. Senator for New York, Democratic party.

Hillary Clinton is one of the most accomplished people ever to run for the Presidency. I’m lucky enough to have seen those accomplishments up close from her time as Senator from New York and as Secretary of State. Hillary Clinton was instrumental in helping secure $21 billion in federal aid to help New York rebuild after 9/11. She fought tooth and nail to protect the first responders who rushed into danger when the towers collapsed and was pivotal in the passage of legislation that helped those first responders who got sick get the care and treatment they deserved. She worked night and day to protect and create jobs in New York, whether that was at the Niagara Falls Air Force base or the Center for Bioinformatics at the University of Buffalo. She also led the charge on the Lilly Ledbetter Pay Equity Act, which is now the law of the land.

As Secretary of State, Secretary Clinton was not only inspirational figure for billions of women around the globe, she also did much to restore the shattered credibility of the United States, which had lost so much influence following the failed foreign policies of the previous administration. She negotiated the cease-fire in Gaza that stopped the Hamas from firing rocket after rocket into Israel. She helped secure the START treaty’s ratification, and has advanced women’s rights in countries around the globe. That’s just a snapshot of what Hillary Clinton has accomplished over a lifetime of public service to New York and the country. If you really want to stump a Democrat, you should ask them which of Hillary’s accomplishments is your favorite—there are too many to choose from

‘Rebuilding America’s leadership and prestige overseas after the Bush years’

Bill Richardson is a former secretary of energy and governor of New Mexico.

As Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton was key in rebuilding America’s leadership and prestige overseas after the Bush years. She restored our alliances with the EU and key Asian allies as well as key relationships in Africa and Latin America.

By Chris Dodd, former U.S. Senator for Connecticut, Democratic party.

Having worked with her in the Senate and on the HELP Committee, the first thing that came to mind was her authorship of the Pediatric Research Equity Act. This law requires drug companies to study their products in children. The Act is responsible for changing the drug labeling of hundreds of drugs with important information about safety and dosing of drugs for children. It has improved the health of millions of children who take medications to treat diseases ranging from HIV to epilepsy to asthma. Millions of kids are in better shape and alive because of the law Senator Clinton authored.

By Paul Begala, political analyst for CNN and counselor to President Bill Clinton.

Easy: Iran sanctions. Sec. Clinton accomplished the nearly impossible mission of getting China, Russia, the European Union and the civilized world on board with crippling sanctions against Iran. This is what brought Iran to the negotiating table.

Ms. Fiorina may not see that as an accomplishment, since while she was CEO of Hewlett-Packard the firm sold hundreds of millions of dollars of computer products the the terrorist regime in Tehran, evading US sanctions.",1
800,"Sanders, Trump easily win West Virginia primary; Trump picks up Nebraska too","Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont easily won the Democratic primary in West Virginia on Tuesday, the first of a string of potentially strong showings this month that may drag out, but not block, front-runner Hillary Clinton’s march toward the Democratic nomination.

Additionally, Donald Trump won Republican primaries in West Virginia and Nebraska — virtually foregone conclusions given that he was the only Republican remaining in the race.

“It is a great honor to have won both West Virginia and Nebraska, especially by such massive margins,” Trump said in a statement Tuesday night. “My time spent in both states was a wonderful and enlightening experience for me.”

Heading into Tuesday, Clinton held a formidable lead in delegates, and because delegates will be awarded proportionally, Sanders’s West Virginia victory was not expected to make much of a dent in that lead. However, his enduring popularity, large rallies and insistence on staying in the race until the Democratic convention in July have highlighted some of Clinton’s weaknesses and prevented her from fully turning her attention to a general-election contest against Trump.

“West Virginia is a working-class state, and like many other states in this country, including Oregon, working people are hurting,” Sanders said at a rally in Salem, Ore., Tuesday night. “And what the people of West Virginia said tonight, and I believe the people of Oregon will say next week, is that we need an economy that works for all of us, not just the 1 percent.”

Sanders’s advantage over Clinton in West Virginia was clear in preliminary exit polling. According to data published by CNN, roughly 1 in 3 Democratic voters identified as an independent, a group that Sanders won by nearly 40 points. Just over 1 in 4 wanted the next president to continue President Obama’s policies, less than half the share who said this across previous primaries this year. Clinton has promised repeatedly to continue to build on many of Obama’s policies and has consistently performed best among voters who support his agenda.

Sanders also benefited from support among Democratic primary voters who said they would favor Trump over Clinton or Sanders in a general election. Roughly 1 in 3 primary voters said they would back Trump in the general election over Clinton, and Sanders won two-thirds of their votes.

Clinton was weighed down by her own troubles. Three in 10 Democratic primary voters said they or a family member were employed in the coal industry, and Sanders won those voters by more than 20 percentage points. Ahead of the primary, Clinton was forced to reckon with comments she made earlier in the campaign about putting the coal industry “out of business.”

Sanders used the West Virginia victory as a rationale to stay in the race “until the last vote is cast.” Less than 15 minutes after the polls closed, Sanders sent out an email to supporters declaring victory and asking for money to help him in the next two contests in Kentucky and Oregon.

Recent polls show Sanders likely to perform well in a string of primaries this month in Oregon, Kentucky and Washington — states with smaller minority populations where Clinton may face similar challenges as in the West Virginia electorate.

Nevertheless, Clinton may have found a purpose to these contests in addition to trying to improve her performance against Sanders: to connect with the working-class white voters who may be crucial in a general-election match-up against Trump.

In the run-up to West Virginia’s primary, Clinton toured the state, holding small, intimate meetings with voters — including some detractors who challenged her on the comments she made about coal miners.

Clinton proposed tax changes that would assist families with the cost of child care — a contrast with Trump’s lack of a specific policy agenda.

Among other details, Clinton said she would limit child-care costs to no more than 10 percent of a family’s income.

“It just doesn’t make sense,” Clinton said at a stop in Lexington, Ky., of the cost of high-quality care for young children and the struggles of working parents to pay for it. “It’s the most important job that any of us can do, and we’re making it really hard and really expensive.”

Bill Clinton was expected to tour Kentucky on Thursday.

The Clinton camp also sought to hold Trump to a tax platform that they called “risky, reckless and regressive,” anticipating that Trump may attempt to walk back some of those policies, including tax cuts for the wealthy.

“Donald Trump has put forward a tax plan that paces him squarely on the side of the super wealthy and corporations at the expense of the middle class and working families,” said Jake Sullivan, a senior Clinton policy adviser, in a call with reporters Monday.

Trump became the presumptive nominee after Sen. Ted Cruz (Tex.) and Ohio Gov. John Kasich dropped out following his victory in the Indiana primary last week. He has maintained a lighter schedule than usual since effectively securing the nomination. He visited West Virginia last week — only to ask Republican primary voters not to bother voting for him Tuesday.

“Save your vote for the general election, okay? Forget this one. The primary is gone,” Trump told a massive crowd in Charleston last week. He later made a swing through Oregon and Washington — continuing to target upcoming primary states while also, like Clinton, reaching out to white voters who are expected to play a big role in November.

Trump has also stepped up his attacks on Clinton. He has given her the nickname “Crooked Hillary” and has sharpened his attacks on her judgment, for instance on foreign policy, international trade deals and her vote for the Iraq War. He has also characterized her as an “enabler” of her husband’s indiscretions.

Once a Clinton stronghold, West Virginia’s political preference has shifted dramatically since she won by a landslide against Obama in the 2008 presidential primary.

Win or lose in the remaining contests, she is likely to maintain a significant lead over Sanders in both the votes and delegates necessary to clinch the Democratic nomination.

Sanders, in vowing to fight on, is eyeing the Democratic primary in California, where a huge delegate prize potentially awaits the winner on June 7. Sanders campaigned in Sacramento to a crowd of thousands on Monday. He rallied in Oregon Tuesday, and he was scheduled to campaign later in the week in South Dakota, which also votes in June.

“The political establishment is getting nervous,” Sanders said Monday. “They should be getting very nervous because real change is coming.”

Sanders made a pair of trips to West Virginia during the two weeks leading up the primary, where he emphasized jobs lost to trade deals and the persistent poverty in the state.

During his most recent trip, Sanders devoted a speech last week to the latter subject, staged at a food bank in McDowell County, where nearly half the children live in poverty. Sanders also touted a $41 billion plan to transition ailing coal workers into new industries.

In the lead-up to the West Virginia primary, Sanders also aired television ads in the state, something Clinton did not do.

Heading into Tuesday’s contest, Clinton held a formidable lead of 290 pledged delegates over Sanders, according to a tally by the Associated Press. Once superdelegates are factored in, Clinton’s lead stands at 774 delegates.

Clinton won the Democratic primary in Nebraska on Tuesday, but it was an “advisory” primary that followed caucuses in March at which Sanders won the majority of the delegates.

The more delegates Sanders accumulates between now and the Democratic convention in July, the more leverage aides say he will have in shaping the party’s platform. If he is not the nominee, Sanders has said, he would like to push Clinton to adopt his position on issues including universal health care and raising the minimum wage.

Sanders has continued to insist that he has a narrow path to the nomination that involves catching — or at least coming close to — Clinton in pledged delegates, which are allocated based on performances in primaries and caucuses. Sanders needs to win nearly two-thirds of the remaining pledged delegates to do that.

Gearan reported from Louisville and Lexington, Ky. Scott Clement, Jose A. DelReal and Emily Guskin contributed to this report.",1
1518,"Clinton, Sanders to Face Off in 1st Democrat Debate","LAS VEGAS  The Democratic presidential candidates are holding their first debate Tuesday night in Las Vegas.

It marks the first time frontrunner Hillary Clinton and her main challenger so far  socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt.  will appear on the same stage in this campaign, along with the other three candidates.

This campaign was expected to be a cakewalk for the former first lady, but it hasn't turned out that way.

One big reason seems to be the story that just won't away: how she used a private email server to conduct government business. It's fed a perception that she can play by a different set of rules.

Even so, Clinton still has a decent lead nationally over the socialist senator from Vermont, but Sanders is coming on strong. He's beating her comfortably in the key state of New Hampshire and is close in Iowa, too.

Plus, Sanders is the one drawing tens of thousands of people to his events. Democratic voters seem to be listening intently to his populist messages.

With the threat from Sanders a reality, Clinton is now trying to reposition herself a little more leftward. Just recently she came out against President Barack Obama's big Trans-Pacific Partnership free trade agreement.

That's a reversal because while serving as secretary of state, she was for it. This new position puts her more in line with the liberal base of her party.

""As of today, I am not in favor of what I have learned about it,"" Clinton said. ""I don't believe it's going to meet the high bar I have set.""

So, tonight the drama will center on how much Sen. Sanders and the other Democrats confront Clinton directly on the debate stage.

Expect former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley to be an instigator. He's trying to get traction and has taken some shots at Clinton over the last few months.

As for Clinton herself, she's trying to avoid a repeat of 2008 when she went in as the heavy favorite, then ran into a buzz saw called Barack Obama.

This time around the buzz is growing for Bernie Sanders.",1
3938,"Human remains suggest explosion brought down EgyptAir plane, forensics official says","Human remains recovered from the crash site of EgyptAir Flight 804 showed burn marks and were ""very tiny,"" suggesting an explosion brought down the plane, a senior Egyptian forensics official told the Associated Press Tuesday.

Meanwhile, a U.S. official briefed on the latest intelligence told Fox News, ""All signs continue to point to terrorism.""

The official who spoke to the AP claimed he personally examined the remains of some of the plane's 66 passengers and crew at a Cairo morgue. He said all 80 pieces brought to Cairo so far are small and that ""there isn't even a whole body part, like an arm or a head.""

He added that at least one part of an arm had signs of burns -- an indication it might have ""belonged to a passenger sitting next to the explosion.""

The U.S. official speaking to Fox News said American satellites could have missed a potential explosion over the eastern Mediterranean. ""Contrary to popular belief, we cannot see every part of the earth all the time.""

The official said most U.S. satellites would be trained to positons on land and known areas of interest and not focused over an empty part of the sea, particularly the eastern Mediterranean.

The official would not rule out an explosion took place. To date, no terrorist group has claimed responsibility for the EgyptAir disaster.

The Airbus A320 crashed early Thursday morning near the end of a fight from Paris to Cairo.

An independent Cairo newspaper, al-Watan, quoted an unnamed forensics official Tuesday as saying the plane blew up in midair, but that it was unclear whether the blast was caused by the an explosive device or something else. The official also said the remains retrieved so far are ""no larger than the size of a hand.""

But Egypt’s head of forensics denied the statements Tuesday, Reuters reported, citing state news agency MENA.

""Everything published about this matter is completely false, and mere assumptions that did not come from the Forensics Authority,"" MENA quoted Hesham Abdelhamid as saying.

Analysts who spoke to Fox News also said the body parts could have been broken up in a similar way upon impact with water.

Family members of the victims arrived Tuesday at a Cairo morgue’s forensics department to give DNA samples to help identify the remains of their kin, a security official said. The official also spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to talk to reporters.

An international effort to hunt for the plane's cockpit voice and data recorder resumed Tuesday, with ships and planes from Britain, Cyprus, France, Greece and the United States taking part in the search.

The search area is roughly halfway between Egypt's coastal city of Alexandria and the Greek island of Crete, where the water is 8,000 to 10,000 feet deep.

The head of Egypt's state-run provider of air navigation services, Ehab Azmy, told The Associated Press Monday that the plane did not swerve or lose altitude before it disappeared off radar, challenging an earlier account by Greece's defense minister.

Azmy, head of the National Air Navigation Services Company, said that in the minutes before the plane disappeared, it was flying at its normal altitude of 37,000 feet, according to the radar reading. ""That fact degrades what the Greeks are saying about the aircraft suddenly losing altitude before it vanished from radar,"" he added.

""There was no turning to the right or left, and it was fine when it entered Egypt's FIR (flight information region), which took nearly a minute or two before it disappeared,"" Azmy said.

Greece's defense minister, Panos Kammenos, had said the plane swerved wildly and dropped to 10,000 feet before it fell off radar.

Greek civil aviation authorities said the flight appeared normal until air traffic controllers were to hand it over to their Egyptian counterparts. The pilot did not respond to their calls, and then the plane vanished from radars.

It was not immediately possible to explain the discrepancy between the Greek and Egyptian accounts of the air disaster.

A 2013 report by the Egyptian ministry of civil aviation records that the Airbus 320 in the crash made an emergency landing in Cairo that year, shortly after taking off on its way to Istanbul, when one of the engines ""overheated.""

It said that the EgyptAir A320 GCC took off from Cairo airport heading to Istanbul at 2:53 and that when it reached an altitude of 24,000 feet, the pilot noticed that one engine had overheated. A warning message appeared on the screen reading, ""engine number 1 stall."" After checking on best measures to take, the pilot headed back to Cairo’s airport where a maintenance engineer inspected the engine, disconnected it, and sent it to be repaired.

There were no injuries, no fire, and no damage to the plane, the report read, adding that the engine had a technical problem.

The report is one of over 60 reports classified by the ministry as incidents, serious incidents and accidents that took place between 2011 and 2014. Among them, 20 involved A320 Airbus planes, the highest among any other aircraft.

Experts contacted by AP said that while an overheated engine is not a common problem, it is unlikely to cause a crash.

David Learmount, a widely respected aviation expert and editor of the authoritative Flightglobal magazine, said, ""engine overheat is rare but it happens.""

He said that the pilot can shut down the engine and aircrafts can operate with a single engine.

""I don't think engine overheat alone has ever caused an aircraft to crash. An engine fire could cause a crash but has not done so in the modern aviation era,"" he added.

Fox News' Lucas Tomlinson and The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
3638,US officials scanning terror databases in search for Paris attack suspects,"U.S. counterterrorism officials are reviewing databases of known terror suspects and other materials after the deadly Paris shooting Wednesday morning, as the Obama administration opened the door to increasing security in the U.S. in response.

The terror attack on a satirical French publication known for lampooning Islam left at least 12 dead, and the attackers remain at large. U.S. officials already are in touch with their French counterparts.

The attackers reportedly shouted ""Allahu Akbar,"" Arabic for ""God is great, before escaping.

Two French officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, named the suspects to the Associated Press as Frenchmen Said Kouachi and Cherif Kouachi, in their early 30s, as well as 18-year-old Hamyd Mourad, whose nationality wasn't immediately clear.

One of the officials said they were linked to a Yemeni terrorist network.

All three remain at large.

Cherif Kouachi was convicted in 2008 of terrorism charges for helping funnel fighters to Iraq's insurgency and sentenced to 18 months in prison.

Fox News is told investigators had been reviewing terror databases, including for individuals who have traveled to Syria. They also looked to closed-circuit television and evidence from the crime scene.

In addition to identifying the suspects, the focus will be on determining whether this is isolated or part of a series of attacks.

It is thought to be an attack carried out by a small cell, which distinguishes this from recent lone-wolf attacks, including one in Ottawa, Canada, and another more recent attack in Sydney, Australia. Officials are looking at the level of premeditation, given eyewitness accounts that the gunmen asked for individuals by name as they stormed the office.

In addition, Fox News is told the assailants showed skill and familiarity with their weapons, and their escape also showed premeditation.

A Department of Homeland Security official told Fox News that the department is ""closely monitoring"" the situation.

""DHS will not hesitate to adjust our security posture, as appropriate, to protect the American people,"" the official said, urging the public to report suspicious activity to law enforcement.

However, the office of the U.S. Embassy in France tweeted that there are ""no plans"" to close the embassy in Paris or other diplomatic facilities in France despite ""misleading"" press reports.

U.S. investigators are expected to get more formally involved, but only after a request from the French government.

Based on conversations with government officials and analysts, they are looking at three categories of suspects: self-radicalized individuals; members of Al Qaeda and its affiliates, specifically Al Qaeda's offshoot in North Africa known as AQIM; and those who have traveled to Syria and gotten training from Al Qaeda or the Islamic State.

The latest edition of Inspire magazine, from the Al Qaeda affiliate in Yemen, calls for attacks on France, as well as America and other allies.

Rep. Peter King, R-N.Y., told Fox News he has confidence in French authorities who are pursuing suspects as well. ""I would think that one way or the other, they will find them,"" he said.

King also said the attack should be a ""wake-up call"" for Congress not to cut funding for DHS, despite an ongoing fight over funding the administration's immigration initiatives.

Catherine Herridge is an award-winning Chief Intelligence correspondent for FOX News Channel (FNC) based in Washington, D.C. She covers intelligence, the Justice Department and the Department of Homeland Security. Herridge joined FNC in 1996 as a London-based correspondent.",1
1829,Clinton Picks Up The First Major Labor Endorsement Of 2016,"WASHINGTON -- Hillary Clinton picked up an early if not surprising endorsement on Saturday from one of the country's largest labor unions: the American Federation of Teachers.

The executive council of the 1.6-million member AFT voted ""overwhelmingly"" in favor of backing the early frontrunner for the Democratic nomination, according to an announcement from the union. It marks the first endorsement from a major national labor union during the 2016 presidential campaign.

""Hillary Clinton is a tested leader who shares our values, is supported by our members, and is prepared for a tough fight on behalf of students, families and communities,"" Randi Weingarten, the union's president, said in the statement.

Weingarten and Clinton have been personal friends for years and the union threw its weight behind the Democrat during her 2008 campaign as well. In the resolution declaring its endorsement, the AFT said it polled its members twice and held two town halls before deciding which primary candidate to back.

The endorsement comes at a helpful time for Clinton as Vermont Independent Sen. Bernie Sanders surges in polls. Still considered a long shot, Sanders has proven to be an attractive candidate to progressives in the labor movement, particularly those turned off by Clinton's unclear positions on President Barack Obama's looming trade deal. A number of local labor federations are flirting with the idea of getting behind Sanders, Politico reported.

Clinton joined one of the AFT's executive council meetings last month, where she said teachers had become unfair targets of political attacks, according to the union.

""It is just dead wrong to make teachers the scapegoats for all of society's problems,"" Clinton had said. ""Where I come from, teachers are the solution. And I strongly believe that unions are part of the solution, too.""

Clinton plans to meet with officials from the AFL-CIO labor federation later this month to address their concerns with her unclear stance on the White House's trade pact, Reuters reported Thursday. The AFL-CIO vehemently opposed giving the president so-called fast-track authorization for the deal, though Congress ultimately granted it in June.",1
2845,Obama: Syria war unlikely to end during his presidency,"Syrians wait near the Turkish border during clashes between ISIS and Kurdish armed groups in Kobani, Syria, on Thursday, June 25. The photo was taken in Sanliurfa, Turkey. ISIS militants disguised as Kurdish security forces infiltrated Kobani on Thursday and killed ""many civilians,"" said a spokesman for the Kurds in Kobani.

Residents examine a damaged mosque after an Iraqi Air Force bombing in the ISIS-seized city of Falluja, Iraq, on Sunday, May 31. At least six were killed and nine others wounded during the bombing.

Iraqi soldiers fire their weapons toward ISIS group positions in the Garma district, west of the Iraqi capital of Baghdad, on Sunday, April 26. Pro-government forces said they had recently made advances on areas held by Islamist jihadists.

A member of Afghanistan's security forces stands at the site where a suicide bomber on a motorbike blew himself up in front of the Kabul Bank in Jalalabad, Afghanistan, on Saturday, April 18. ISIS claimed responsibility for the attack. The explosion killed at least 33 people and injured more than 100 others, a public health spokesman said.

A Yazidi woman mourns for the death of her husband and children by ISIS after being released south of Kirkuk on April 8. ISIS is known for killing dozens of people at a time and carrying out public executions, crucifixions and other acts.

On April 1, Shiite militiamen celebrate the retaking of Tikrit, which had been under ISIS control since June. The push into Tikrit came days after U.S.-led airstrikes targeted ISIS bases around the city.

A Kurdish marksman looks over a destroyed area of Kobani on Friday, January 30, after the city had been liberated from the ISIS militant group. The Syrian city, also known as Ayn al-Arab, had been under assault by ISIS since mid-September.

An elderly Yazidi man arrives in Kirkuk after being released by ISIS on Saturday, January 17. The militant group released about 200 Yazidis who were held captive for five months in Iraq. Almost all of the freed prisoners were in poor health and bore signs of abuse and neglect, Kurdish officials said.

ISIS militants stand near the site of an airstrike near the Turkey-Syria border on Thursday, October 23. The United States and several Arab nations have been bombing ISIS targets in Syria to take out the militant group's ability to command, train and resupply its fighters.

A Kurdish Peshmerga soldier who was wounded in a battle with ISIS is wheeled to the Zakho Emergency Hospital in Duhuk, Iraq, on Tuesday, September 30.

Syrian Kurds wait near a border crossing in Suruc as they wait to return to their homes in Kobani on Sunday, September 28.

Kurdish Peshmerga fighters fire at ISIS militant positions from their position on the top of Mount Zardak, east of Mosul, Iraq, on Tuesday, September 9.

Aziza Hamid, a 15-year-old Iraqi girl, cries for her father while she and some other Yazidi people are flown to safety Monday, August 11, after a dramatic rescue operation at Iraq's Mount Sinjar. A CNN crew was on the flight, which took diapers, milk, water and food to the site where as many as 70,000 people were trapped by ISIS. But only a few of them were able to fly back on the helicopter with the Iraqi Air Force and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters.",1
317,'Blue and Brave': Illinois town rallies around police as search for officer's killer goes on,"Dozens of police officers searched without success overnight for three suspects who shot and killed a 30-year veteran of the Fox Lake, Ill. police force.

Lt. Charles Joseph ""Joe"" Gliniewicz, 52, was shot at approximately 8 a.m. local time Tuesday after he radioed in to tell dispatchers he was chasing three men on foot in Fox Lake. Communication with him was lost soon after. Colleagues who responded found Gliniewicz shot in a marshy area near U.S. Highway 12, a main road through the village of about 10,000 people near the Wisconsin border and about 55 miles northwest of Chicago. He was pronounced dead at the scene.

Lake County Undersheriff Raymond Rose told the Chicago Tribune that Gliniewicz's gun was found nearby. He added that searchers were were working with ""limited descriptions"" of the suspects, described by police as three males, two white and one black, who should be treated as armed and dangerous.

Helicopters aided about 100 officers who searched the area overnight, a sheriff's office spokesman said. Meanwhile, several schools in the area announced that they would be closed Wednesday due to the ongoing manhunt.

As the search went on, dozens gathered for hours along a street in the village to show their support for law enforcement officers.

Thirty-year-old Dan Raminick held a sign that said ""Police Lives Matter."" He lives a couple miles away and said officers came by Tuesday evening and thanked the crowd.

Caitlyn Kelly, a 22-year-old student, said she felt compelled to come out after other recent police shootings. She held a sign that said ""Blue and Brave.""

Authorities from across the state and region poured into Fox Lake throughout the day Tuesday, some wearing tactical gear and toting high-powered rifles. Federal agencies, SWAT teams and 48 police dogs assisted in the search for the suspects, Lake County Sheriff's Office spokesman Sgt. Christopher Covelli said.

Officers could be seen taking up positions on rooftops and along railroad tracks, scanning the terrain with rifle scopes and binoculars. Others leaned out of helicopters with weapons at the ready. Residents were urged to stay indoors. The service of a local commuter train was halted, and residents who wanted to take their dogs out to relieve themselves were told to stay in their homes — with the job of walking the pets handled by police officers.

An emotional Fox Lake Mayor Donny Schmit described the slain officer as a personal friend, a three-decade member of the department and a father of four sons.

""We lost a family member,"" Schmit said of the 52-year-old officer known around town as ""GI Joe."" ''His commitment to the people of this community has been unmatched and will be dearly missed.""

""This particular officer is a pillar in my community and definitely going to be missed, and (he) touched so many lives,"" said Gina Maria, a 40-year-old teacher who lives in the community.

Gliniewicz's death is the third law enforcement fatality in Illinois this year, according to the Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund. It says firearms-related deaths in the U.S. are down 13 percent this year compared to the same period last year, Jan. 1. to Sept. 1; there were 30 last year and 26 this year.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Click for more from the Chicago Tribune.",1
3302,Senate Advances Bill To Approve Keystone Pipeline Despite Obama's Veto Threat,"WASHINGTON -- The Senate advanced legislation Monday night to approve the Keystone XL pipeline, even though President Barack Obama has already said he would veto it.

The Senate voted 63-32 to clear a procedural hurdle and begin debate on the bill. Ten Democrats and one independent, Angus King (Maine), voted with every Republican to move the bill forward. Those Democrats included Sens. Michael Bennet (Colo.), Tom Carper (Del.), Bob Casey (Pa.), Joe Donnelly (Ind.), Heidi Heitkamp (N.D.), Joe Manchin (W.Va.), Claire McCaskill (Mo.), Jon Tester (Mont.), Tom Udall (N.M.) and Mark Warner (Va.). A final vote is expected later this week.

Despite the strong vote, the Senate lacks the two-thirds majority vote needed to overcome a veto. The House passed the bill last week by a vote of 266 to 153 -- also shy of the 290 votes needed to clear a veto.

Congressional action on Keystone comes after the Nebraska Supreme Court cleared the way last week for the proposed pipeline's route through the state. The Obama administration had been waiting for the Nebraska ruling to render its own decision on the pipeline, which is still forthcoming.

White House spokesman Eric Schultz said Friday that the State Department is examining the court's decision as part of its process to evaluate whether the Keystone XL Pipeline project serves the national interest.

""As we have made clear, we are going to let that process play out,"" Schultz said. ""Regardless of the Nebraska ruling today, the House bill still conflicts with longstanding Executive branch procedures regarding the authority of the President and prevents the thorough consideration of complex issues that could bear on U.S. national interests, and if presented to the President, he will veto the bill.""

This article has been updated to include additional details on which senators voted to move the bill forward.",1
162,Momentum to bar Syrian refugees slows,"Notable names include Ray Washburne (Commerce), a Dallas-based investor, is reported to be under consideration to lead the department.",1
151,New evidence that the legal immigration system discriminates against Latin Americans,"People who don't believe that unauthorized immigrants in the US should be given legal status tend to emphasize that it would be unfair to immigrants who are in the US legally — because they deserve a reward for settling in the US ""the right way.""

But what if the legal immigration process is itself unfair?

A new study by researchers at MIT and Brown University suggest that might be what's going on — unintentionally. They looked at applications for employment-based green cards among immigrants who were already in the US. What they found was that, in the standard approval process, Latin American immigrants were much less likely than average to get approved — and Asian immigrants were more likely. But when the government went through a slower but more complete approval process, the disparities disappeared.

For this study, the researchers (Emilio J. Castilla of MIT, and Ben A. Rissing of Brown) evaluated the phase in an application for an employment-based green card where the US Department of Labor has to approve or deny the immigrant's ""labor certification"" for a particular job. These applications get filed when a company decides to take an immigrant who's (almost always) already in the country on a temporary visa — like a work visa or student visa — and sponsor him or her for a green card, which would let him or her stay in the US permanently and eventually apply for citizenship. So this is the phase in the process where temporary immigrants can get approved to become permanent ones.

Technically, this is supposed to be evaluating the immigrant's would-be employer, not the immigrant him- or herself. In order to get the immigrant ""labor certified"" for a green card — or any work visa — the would-be employer has to prove that they tried to find a US citizen to fill the job, but failed.

One thing that isn't supposed to be a factor in the application is the immigrant's country of origin. But even when the researchers controlled for as many variables as they could — from the temporary visa that an immigrant held in the US when he filed the green-card application, to the skill level of the job — they found that approval rates varied widely from one nationality to the next. 90.5 percent of Asian immigrants were approved for labor certification. But only 66.8 percent of Latin American immigrants were.

The regional disparity even showed up in immigrants applying for the same type of job. ""Immigrants from Asia seeking employment as restaurant cooks are 41.6 percent more likely to be approved than immigrants from Latin America, all else being equal,"" the researchers write. It's a problem for high-skilled workers, too: Asian immigrants weren't any more likely than Canadians (for example) to get approved to work as computer software engineers, but Latin American immigrants were over 25 percent less likely.

The biggest problem with the study: the government agents looking over immigrants' applications could see each immigrant's educational background, but the researchers couldn't. That could be a huge factor explaining the variation: maybe Latin American immigrants are simply less educationally qualified for the positions they're applying for.

But the study indicates that can't be the whole story. For example, the researchers looked at immigrants who were already on H1-B high-skilled visas (99 percent of whom have a bachelor's degree or higher) but were applying to upgrade to green cards. Among that group, Asian immigrants were still 11 percent more likely than Canadians to get approved for green cards — and H1B-holding Latin American immigrants were 20 percent less likely.

There's also previous research showing that government officials profile immigrants based on their countries of origin. In one study, in which officials were asked to look over fictional visa applications, the author said that region of origin was being used strongly as a ""criterion of a visa applicant's desirability.""

Most of the time, the DOL makes decisions based on basic information about the immigrant, the job, and the employer, as well as evidence of the employer's failed attempt to recruit US citizens. 90 percent of those cases get approved, and they're typically approved or denied in under 4 months. But in a few cases — thanks to a process that is partly random, and partly not — applications are ""audited,"" and agents take a more in-depth look at an immigrant's background, and the requirements for the position. In those cases, only 57 percent of applications are approved — and it takes about 2 years to come to a decision.

According to the new study, audited applications had one big advantage over non-audited ones: the disparities in approval rates between immigrants from different regions disappeared. That might indicate that whatever is happening to favor Asian immigrants and disfavor Latin American ones in the quicker process is unintentional, since government officials don't appear to think there's good reason to be more suspicious of Latin American applicants.

The study's authors suggest an easy fix: making it impossible for an official to see an applicant's country of origin, just like officials aren't allowed to see applicants' ages or sexes. If this really is a significant problem, however, it's not something that changing the process in the future will be able to fix.

If the government is really making it harder for Latin American immigrants currently in the US legally to get green cards through their employers, they're unfairly forcing Latin American immigrants to make the difficult choice between leaving the country they've been living in for years, and staying in the US after their visas expire. In other words, the government's approval-rate problem might be driving more legal Latin American immigrants to become illegal.",1
2714,Media turn blind eye to Hillary Clinton’s glaring mistakes,"When Hillary Clinton can study up, work out her one-liners, figure out the best way to deflect questions and fence with inquisitors she does well. She thrives, therefore, in a debate or as a witness. She is the quintessential “A” student. No one will cram harder before the big exam than she.

Left to her own devices, however, she is consistently her own worst enemy. Before she worked out her lines, spontaneous answers about her finances (“We were broke”) or her initial stance toward the Benghazi scandal (“What difference does it make . . .?) disastrous. Refusing to take scandals seriously, her first attempts at brushing back the press come across as evasive, haughty and just plain false. In supposedly friendly settings, with her guard down, she winds up saying ludicrous things that come back to haunt her.

If not for Jeb Bush’s self-immolation this week, more attention would have been paid to yet another clueless Clinton moment. Asked about the Veterans Administration scandal in a softball MSNBC interview, she argued that “it’s not been as widespread as it has been made out to be.” She claimed Republicans were exploiting the situation and wanted the VA to “fail.” Her instinct to cast blame and attack political opponents renders her entirely tone deaf at times.

As you will recall, the scandal first uncovered in Phoenix turned into a nationwide investigation, forcing out the secretary and prompting new legislation. (From the Arizona Republic: “The Office of Inspector General concluded that hundreds of thousands of patients were subjected to unacceptable delays in care, and many died while awaiting appointments; wait-time records were falsified or inaccurate at 70 percent of the VA facilities nationwide; and department leadership was contaminated by bullying, reprisal and a lack of accountability. The public furor forced out VA Secretary Eric Shinseki and other administrators, while prompting the largest reform in department history.”)

It is incomprehensible that she would want to downplay the suffering of vets. A series of officials at veterans groups decried her comment. Stars and Stripes reported:

Veterans groups lobbed criticism at Clinton this week for being out of touch with veterans issues. The conservative group Concerned Veterans for America charged Clinton with downplaying and ignoring the VA’s problems. Paul Rieckhoff, CEO of Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, called her comments on the VA a “head-scratcher.” The VA scandal that began last year with an agency cover-up of health care delays “was so widespread it has its own Wikipedia entry,” Rieckhoff tweeted Tuesday.

And lawmakers on both sides of the aisle lashed out. Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.) said he was “appalled.” Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick (D-Ariz.) declared, “The problems we’ve seen at the Phoenix VA are devastating and real. The VA scandal has nothing to do with partisan politics and everything to do with systemic failure, negligence and lack of accountability.” Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) blasted her, observing that Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.), whose Senate committee investigated the VA, was better on veterans issues than Clinton.

Her campaign tried to assure us she understands how “systematic” the problem is. No apology or correction from her was forthcoming.

[Opinion: Republicans are right. We in the media do suck.]

Now imagine if Republicans had said, well “Democrats are just exaggerating the impact of Hurricane Katrina.” The mainstream hardly blinked when it was Clinton, fresh from passing her endurance test at the House select committee on Benghazi.

The Republican opposition research team America Rising later put out a devastating ad, recounting one news report after another detailing the abuses, corruption and ensuing deaths. It ends with McCain saying, “She doesn’t understand veterans, she doesn’t understand what they need, and she is politicizing the issue. Shame on her.”

This episode reminds us of Clinton’s severe limitations as a candidate. It also should prompt Republicans to recognize the media is back in Clinton-rooting mood. Her outlandish statements will become headlines like: “Republicans try to exploit…” The media will shrug its collective shoulders at her inaccuracies and outright deceptions. This is all the more reason to find a superbly skilled nominee, one who can focus on her liabilities and cut through the media chatter.

At the recent debate and in subsequent interviews, Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) used his time in the spotlight to focus on the evidence that immediately after the Benghazi attack she told family members and the Egyptian prime minister it was a terrorist attack while the administration perpetrated a false cover story for weeks.

Republicans cannot repeat often enough evidence of her ethical lapses and shoddy record. The press sure isn’t going to dwell on it.",1
3327,State Department admits to deliberately cutting briefing footage on Iran deal,"State Department spokesman John Kirby told reporters Wednesday that an unknown U.S. official made a request over the phone to delete several minutes of a December 2013 video of the exchange between reporters and a State Department spokeswoman. The State Department routinely posts on its site the briefing that it holds nearly every day with the diplomatic press corps.

Kirby said the department technician who made the edit could not recall who requested it.

The deleted portion of the video involves questions about a previous press briefing in 2012 in which then-State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland denied secret talks between the U.S. and Iran about a potential nuclear deal were taking place.

After it was revealed in December 2013 that secret talks between the U.S. and Iran actually had taken place, then-spokeswoman Jen Psaki admitted the administration lied in order to protect the secret negotiations.

Earlier this month Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes acknowledged to The New York Times that the administration was deceptive about the talks, creating a ""narrative"" that they did not take place. When James Rosen of Fox News -- who asked the original questions of Psaki -- tried to refer back to the video last month, he found the exchange had been deleted. Kirby, who originally called the deletion a ""glitch,"" said Wednesday that he asked State Department lawyers to look into the matter after being notified about the omission. ""They learned that a specific request was made to excise that portion of the briefing. We do not know who made the request to edit the video or why it was made,"" Kirby said. Another senior State Department official said the technician found the request ""unusual"" and consulted her supervisor before making the edit. The supervisor, who also could not remember the name of the person who called, approved the request because it came from someone ""from a certain level and credibility"" in the Department of Public Affairs. ""Although this person did not remember the person who called her, or the person they were calling on behalf of, she remembers it was not (Jen) Psaki,"" this official said. ""Jen did not request it, did not know about it and had nothing to do with it."" Psaki, who now is the White House communications director, tweeted Wednesday that she was unaware of the episode: ""I had no knowledge of nor would I have approved of any form of editing or cutting my briefing transcript on any subject while @StateDept."" Kirby noted that the full briefing transcript, including the exchange on Iran, had always been available on the State Department website and that the omitted video has since been replaced with a complete version that had been archived with the Defense Department. He said that was the only instance he was aware of in which briefing videos were edited, though he couldn't be sure there weren't others. He announced a new policy Wednesday in which every video would be posted immediately with all edits disclosed. ""To my surprise, the Bureau of Public Affairs did not have in place any rules governing this type of action,"" he said. ""Therefore, we are taking immediate steps to craft appropriate protocols on this issue, as we believe that deliberately removing a portion of the video was not and is not in keeping with the State Department's commitment to transparency and public accountability."" Because such rules weren't previously in place, Kirby said he found ""no reason"" to press forward with a more formal investigation.",1
4147,"U.S. Economy Added 271,000 Jobs In October, Beating Expectations","In a jobs report that may influence the Federal Reserve's decision on interest rates, the Labor Department says that 271,000 jobs were added in October. The unemployment rate fell slightly to 5 percent, according to the report from the agency's Bureau of Labor Statistics.

It's the biggest one-month jobs gain in all of 2015, according to Bloomberg News, which adds that the strong result is one of the positive signs the Fed's economists ""are looking for as they consider a year-end boost in borrowing costs.""

Friday's announcement tops economists' consensus expectations, which had forecast a modest gain of about 180,000 jobs.

Speaking in Congress this week, Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen left open the possibility of an interest rate hike, while also saying it would be ""very gradual."" Citing good economic results, Yellen said there is a ""live possibility"" that policymakers might raise rates when the Fed meets in mid-December.

Last month, the Labor Department reported that only 142,000 jobs were created in September, with unemployment holding at 5.1 percent. With today's announcement, the BLS said the job-creation number was being revised to 137,000.

October's job growth occurred ""in professional and business services, health care, retail trade, food services and drinking places, and construction,"" the Bureau of Labor Statistics says.

As for wages, the month also brought a 9-cent rise in the average hourly earning rate, with workers on private nonfarm payrolls now making an average of $25.20, according to the BLS, which adds that for the group, ""hourly earnings have risen by 2.5 percent over the year.""

The agency also says that the number of people who are ""involuntary part-time workers"" due to reduced hours or the difficulty of finding a full-time job ""edged down by 269,000 to 5.8 million in October.""",1
751,"Hillary Clinton narrowly wins Kentucky, a state Bernie Sanders needed by huge margins","For weeks, Hillary Clinton has looked for the knockout blow that finally forces Bernie Sanders out of the Democratic primary.

She may have gotten it tonight in Kentucky.

Sanders has to start winning every state by a landslide victory to have even a mathematical chance of catching Clinton's nearly 300-delegate lead. Kentucky was called for Clinton as an ""apparent winner"" at around 9:30 pm by NBC and after 10 pm by Kentucky's secretary of state, who called her the ""unofficial winner.""

Sanders has maintained that he'll stay in the race until the end of voting, and we don't have any new reason to believe he'll fly the white flag after Clinton's victory tonight. And his hard-line response to the Democratic Party over this weekend's events in Nevada certainly doesn't suggest he's ready to call it quits.

But Sanders needed to win Kentucky to maintain an increasingly far-fetched path to the Democratic nomination. The fact that he lost tonight — albeit by what appears to have been a very small margin — will only dramatically increase the calls for him to exit the race.

The loss is particularly tough for Sanders's campaign given that Kentucky was one of the more favorable states for him remaining in the race.

""Given the West Virginia results, I think Sanders is probably favored,"" said Kyle Kondik of the University of Virginia's Center for Politics in an interview Tuesday morning, before voting began. ""Sanders has a very good chance in Kentucky.""

Sanders will probably face steeper odds in the upcoming contests in California and New Jersey, where have polls have Clinton leading by as much as double digits. Polling from Kentucky was scarce, but the state's largely white and rural voters were widely expected to break for Sanders — as they have throughout the country.

Kentucky has a large number of registered Democrats who are much more conservative than the rest of the party, a group that has in other states backed Sanders in part as a ""protest vote"" against the party's establishment, according to Kondik.

""More than half of Kentucky’s registered voters are signed up with the Democratic Party, even though the state’s election results have hewed decidedly Republican in recent years,"" wrote the polling firm Morning Consult in a preview of tonight's contest ""That’s an indication of the rightward shift of downscale whites, especially in once union-heavy Coal Country; those are voters who used to call themselves Yellow Dog Democrats.""

These voters broke for Sanders by a big margin in West Virginia, and they very well may have in Kentucky as well. But even if they did, it does not appear to have been enough to offset the big difference between Kentucky and West Virginia: diversity.

African-American voters are far more numerous in Kentucky — in part because of its cities, like Louisville and Lexington. (Kentucky's 2008 primary electorate was 9 percent black, compared to just 3 percent in West Virginia.)

Black voters have rescued Clinton's campaign since her first big win in South Carolina in February. And, tonight, they may have helped push her opponent out of the race.

Correction: A previous version of this story incorrectly said Kyle Kondik works for the Center for Responsive Politics, rather than the University of Virginia's Center for Politics.",1
3993,"No, it's not 'World War 3'","Timothy Stanley is a historian and columnist for Britain's Daily Telegraph. He is the author of the new book ""Citizen Hollywood: How the Collaboration Between L.A. and D.C. Revolutionized American Politics."" The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author.

(CNN) Obama has called the Islamic State the ""face of evil"" but he's now under pressure from those who say he's not doing enough to beat it. Some insist that an attack on France was an attack on NATO and that it's time to go to war.

But only a fool would confuse caution for weakness. On the contrary, to defeat the enemy we have to fully understand who the enemy is, what they want and what kind of conflict we're involved in here. There are good reasons to proceed cautiously.

To clear something up: We are effectively at war with ISIS right now. A U.S.-led coalition has been bombing targets in Syria and Iraq for over a year, and in recent months Russia has been doing the same. How well it's worked is disputed: Obama has rhetorically shifted his objectives from crushing Isis to containing it.

Nevertheless, late last week there were signs of success. The Kurds took Sinjar , a strategically significant area in northern Iraq. Mohammed Emwazi, a vicious killer and propagandist, was likely killed in a drone strike.

Paris has obviously eclipsed the news of these breakthroughs.

Who or what are we fighting? ISIS is different from al Qaeda, the group behind 9/11. The latter operated as an alliance of cells spread across the world; ISIS, by contrast, seeks to create a geographic space within which to build a caliphate. This shift in strategy perhaps explains why ISIS has been even more successful than al Qaeda at hitting so many different foreign targets with so many different methods -- from Sinai to Beirut to Paris.

ISIS' caliphate offers a haven for tens of thousands of foreign jihadists: They come, they train and then many return home to create havoc. The caliphate also provides money and the moral encouragement of having an earthly ""paradise"" to fight for. In his groundbreaking essay on the motivations behind ISIS, Graeme Wood describes an ISIS recruiter calling it ""a vehicle for salvation.""

Its fighters are obsessed with recreating Islam in its earliest form ( or as they interpret it to have been, because the early caliphate was far kinder ) and believe that most other Muslims have fallen from the standard -- one that includes the uses of crucifixion and slavery. Whereas al Qaeda limited itself to comparatively rational political objectives, like expelling Westerners from the Arab peninsula, ISIS wants to bring on the apocalypse. It is not nihilist. It is deeply — if distortedly -- religious and we need to learn to take its brand of religion seriously.

The good news is that ISIS is isolated. Applying the phrase ""world war"" here is unhelpful because it conjures images of rival, equally sized nation states engaged in total war. But while ISIS' reach is global, it does not command sizable support beyond its shifting boundaries. Meanwhile, the alliance against it is one of the largest and most diverse in history, including America, Britain, France, Russia and Iran.

Saudi money may well have once supported it but the Saudi state is now opposed. Indeed the exceptional evil of ISIS leads us to view many of the regional political agendas in a different light. Iran, for instance, certainly is exporting its theocratic government to other countries. But it doesn't desire the end of the world. The regime is murderous and must be contained. But it can be engaged.

The complexity of Islamic world politics highlights another aspect of this conflict: It cannot be resolved entirely by force of arms. ISIS has exploited Sunni dissatisfaction with the Shia-dominated government in Baghdad. This may mean Iraq as a whole has to be split up to work. Turkey probably has to accommodate Kurdish desires for a homeland . And, most importantly of all, Bashar al-Assad, the dictator of Syria, will have to depart the stage.

There can be no constructive government of Syria until there is law, order and democratic elections that legitimize proper opposition parties. If we give rebels the impression that the West wants to force Assad on them again, they will resist us, too.

Finally, there is the question of how we handle the Islamic presence within Europe itself. This is partly a matter of improving security measures and making sure returnees from Syria don't just disappear into the crowd. There's also a refugee crisis to confront. But while the demographic pressures and security problems of allowing hundreds of thousands of people to cross Europe have to be addressed in a firm way, there's no escaping the fact that a large, settled part of the EU's population is now Islamic.

And how we respond to ISIS has consequences for interfaith relations.

Some American politicians have suggested a religious test for refugees seeking access to the United States. This kind of prejudiced rhetoric adds to that false sense that this is a world war-style clash between conservative Muslims on one side and Christian democracies on the other. It is also unChristian and cruel. Moreover, while Americans might fear Islamification as an existential concept, we here in Europe have actual experience of living with Muslims -- and I can report that the living is easy.

Muslims are our friends, family and co-workers. They fear and despise ISIS as much as anyone else. And those of us in the center-ground of European politics are determined not to alienate, or discriminate against, citizens who are 100% British, French or German.

Of course, it is equally irritating to see politicians who seem to counsel doing nothing and Westerners lacerating themselves because they believe their countries are to blame for all the evil in the world. ISIS is evil -- real, concrete evil. It must be stopped. But we must proceed carefully, with a grand game plan and with the desire to build just and representative Arab regimes that last. The legacy of poorly chosen words or unilateral action is there for all to see.",1
3664,49 killed in shooting at Florida nightclub in possible act of Islamic terror,"EDITOR'S NOTE: Orlando's mayor on Monday revised the death toll in the nightclub shooting to 49, from 50. The 50th body was identified as gunman Omar Mateen.



A gunman who pledged allegiance to ISIS opened fire early Sunday morning in a packed Orlando nightclub, killing 50 people and wounding at least 53 more in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.

ISIS claimed responsibility for the attack Sunday afternoon via its Amaq news agency, Reuters reported. Amaq said an ""Islamic State fighter"" carried out the assault. It was not clear, however, if the shooting was actually directed by the terror group or only inspired by it.



The attack in Orlando at Pulse, which bills itself as ""the hottest gay bar"" in the city and was packed with more than 300 people for ""Latin Night,"" was reported minutes after 2 a.m. Sunday.

It ended hours later when police stormed the building and killed the shooter.

Dozens of partygoers remained hostage in the club for several hours after the initial shooting, prompting SWAT teams to rush inside. Shortly after 6 a.m. local time, Orlando police tweeted that the gunman had been killed. Authorities said there was not believed to be any further threat to the area.

""We know enough to say this was an act of terror and an act of hate,"" President Obama said in a speech from the White House on Sunday, cautioning that it was still early in the investigation.

House Intelligence Committee Ranking Member Rep. Adam Schiff said in a statement that the timing and location of the attack and information coming from local authorities indicated ""an ISIS-inspired act of terrorism.""

""The fact that this shooting took place during Ramadan and that ISIS leadership in Raqqa has been urging attacks during this time, that the target was an LGBT night club during Pride, and – if accurate – that according to local law enforcement the shooter declared his allegiance to ISIS, indicates an ISIS-inspired act of terrorism,"" Schiff said. ""Whether this attack was also ISIS-directed, remains to be determined. I’m confident that we will know much more in the coming hours and days.""

The gunman, Omar Mir Seddique Mateen, was heard shouting ""Allah Akbar"" while engaging officers, law enforcement sources told Fox News. Mateen also called 911 during the shooting to pledge allegiance to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, Fox News reported.

Mateen was interviewed three times by FBI agents -- twice in 2013, once in 2014 -- as part of two separate investigations, FBI Assistant Special Agent in Charge Ron Hopper said. However, both inquiries proved inconclusive and the cases were closed.

Mateen was not under surveillance or the subject of an active investigation at the time of the shooting, Hopper said.

The 2013 investigation was related to comments Mateen allegedly made to a co-worker ""alleging possible terror ties."" FBI agents were unable to ""verify the substance"" of his comments, Hopper said.

Mateen was also interviewed in 2014 due to his ties to an American man who later drove an explosive-laden truck into a restaurant in Syria for an Al Qaeda affiliate. Mateen and the suicide bomber, Monar abu Salha, attended the same mosque, however, the FBI determined their contact ""was minimal,"" Chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee Mike

 McCaul told Fox News.



Mateen was a U.S. citizen, Rep. Alan Grayson said during a Sunday morning news conference, though that was ""not true of other family members of his."" Mateen, 29, lived in Fort Pierce, Fla. He was born in New York to parents of Afghan origin and was a Muslim, Fox News confirmed.

Mateen was married in 2009 to a woman who was born in Uzbekistan, according to the couple's marriage license, but the two divorced in 2011.



""He was not a stable person,"" the ex-wife, who spoke on condition of anonymity, told The Washington Post. ""He beat me. He would just come home and start beating me up because the laundry wasn’t finished or something like that.""

A mortgage form from 2013 lists Noor Salman as his wife and Mateen also had a 3-year-old son. Mateen appears to have had no criminal record.



A licensed security officer, Mateen also had a statewide firearms license. He purchased two guns -- a handgun and a long gun -- legally during the week before the shooting, an ATF official said.

The FBI was scouring Mateen's cellphone and electronic devices on Sunday afternoon to identify any possible terrorist connections. This includes searching for any traces of propaganda, scrubbing of his web browsing history, and running down communications with individuals via social media and mobile messaging apps.

As victims poured through their doors, Orlando Regional Medical Center officials called in six trauma surgeons, including a pediatric surgeon, Dr. Michael Cheatham said. Many of the wounded were ""critically ill"" due to their injuries, Cheatham said, and the hospital was trying to reach out to their families.

""I think we will see the death toll rise,"" Cheatham told The Associated Press.



Gov. Rick Scott declared a state of emergency in Orange County following the attack and asked for a moment of silence throughout the country at 6 p.m. on Sunday.



""This is an attack on our people,"" Scott tweeted around 11:40 a.m. ""It's an attack on Orlando. It's an attack on FL. It's an attack on America. It's an attack on all of us.""



Chief John Mina of the Orlando Police Department said officers were initially engaged in a gun battle outside the club before the suspect, armed with a handgun and ""assault-type rifle,"" went back into the building, where more shots were fired. He said the gunman then took several hostages.

""It appears he was organized and well-prepared,"" Mina said.

Officials said Mateen had some communication with police during this standoff, though they did not reveal what was said.



Eleven officers were involved in raiding the nightclub, and one officer was injured, according to Banks. The injured officer was hit by a bullet and his Kevlar helmet saved his life, Banks said.

A hotline for victims' families was set up at 407-246-4357. Identities of victims were being released at cityoforlando.net/victims after family members had been notified.



Witnesses in the club reported mass chaos after hearing several shots ring out inside the nightclub.

Pulse posted on its own Facebook page around 2 a.m.: ""Everyone get out of pulse and keep running.""

It's owner later said in statement that she was ""devastated by the horrific events that have taken place today.

Pulse, and the men and women who work there, have been my family for nearly 15 years. From the beginning, Pulse has served as a place of love and acceptance for the LGTQ community.  I want to express my profound sadness and condolences to all who have lost loved ones,"" Barbara Roma.



Mina Justice was outside the club early Sunday trying to contact her 30-year-old son Eddie, who texted her when the shooting happened and asked her to call police. He told her he ran into a bathroom with other club patrons to hide. He then texted her: ""He's coming.""

""The next text said: 'He has us, and he's in here with us,'"" she said. ""That was the last conversation.""

Jon Alamo said he was at the back of one of the club's rooms when a man holding a weapon came into the front of the room.

Club-goer Rob Rick said it happened around 2 a.m., just before closing time.

""Everybody was drinking their last sip,"" he said.

Fox News' Catherine Herridge, Chad Pergram and Matthew Dean and The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
4455,"Extreme rhetoric helping Cruz, Trump, Duke leaders say","The use of extreme rhetoric by presidential candidates has sparked nationwide debates about American political polarization.

Republican presidential candidates Donald Trump and Sen. Ted Cruz have been the center of media attention for their use of inflammatory language, notably when Trump referred to Mexican immigrants as rapists and drug traffickers and when Cruz called for the carpet-bombing of the Islamic State group. Although news coverage of candidates’ rhetoric may be polarizing Americans and deepening the partisan divide, it has also arguably contributed to the current success of Trump and Cruz in the presidential race, explained Duke faculty and student leaders.

“There’s a kind of anxiety in the air probably across the country, but certainly with certain populations in the U.S. that Cruz and Trump are tapping into,” said Frederick Mayer, professor of public policy, political science and environment. “Both of those candidates have found a way to frame their message that’s really resonating with the anxieties about American decline, threats from terrorists abroad and at home, perceived threats to the American way of life.”

In last Tuesday’s State of the Union address, President Barack Obama assured Americans that the country is not in decline, despite inflammatory claims.

“I told you earlier all the talk of America’s economic decline is political hot air,” he said. “Well, so is all the rhetoric you hear about our enemies getting stronger and America getting weaker. Let me tell you something—the United States of America is the most powerful nation on Earth, period.”

Mayer noted that factors such as low unemployment, low crime levels and fewer instances of terrorism on American soil should also ease the anxiety of Americans.

“It’s ironic because you can make the claim that we have less to fear today than just about any people in any time in history,” he said. “All these factors that should make us feel good.”

Junior Adam Lemon, president of the Duke College Republicans, said that extreme rhetoric was necessary for the success of Trump and Cruz in a field of more than 15 candidates, where standing out in any way was imperative. He also noted that cable news has used stories about Trump to boost ratings.

“I think part of the reason that [Donald Trump] is polling so high is that his name is just so ubiquitous through all of the news media,” said freshman Steve Hassey, communications director for Duke Democrats. “Him being such a polarizing figure makes the mass coverage of him even more polarizing.”

Both Lemon and Mayer discussed how news can have a negative impact when it focuses on polarizing comments.

However, Mayer said he was optimistic that bipartisan reform is possible and will occur on certain issues. On campus, there have been a few bipartisan discussions, such as the Battle of the Brains debate between college Democrats and Republicans hosted by Duke Student Government last November in which students discussed issues ranging from racial discrimination to the national debt.

Although there have been bipartisan discussions, Lemon noted that there are barriers to fostering discussion between students of opposing political parties on campus.

“There are a lot more liberals on campus than conservatives,” Lemon said. “Liberals tend to talk amongst themselves. Conservatives are afraid to express their opinions, so they don’t really talk and neither side is really willing to engage too much.”

Mayer attributed the polarization and the lack of engagement between the two sides to something more than just extreme rhetoric.

“At some deep level, many of the problems we’ve been talking about are really manifestations of a loss of trust in each other, in our institutions and the like,” he said. “This whole dysfunction is a trust problem. We stopped trusting institutions. We don’t trust politicians. A world where you have very little trust is a much less functional world.”",1
235,The Benghazi bust: Trey Gowdy and his GOP colleagues embarrassed themselves,"There’s not really any good news for the GOP in the aftermath of yesterday’s House Benghazi Committee interrogation of Hillary Clinton. There had been some flickers of hope among conservative activists that the committee Republicans, led by chairman Trey Gowdy, would finally produce the long-rumored “smoking gun” that would prove once and for all that Hillary did… whatever evil thing she supposedly did with regard the Benghazi. Or maybe they’d goad her into making a terrible gaffe that would ruin her politically. But that’s not what happened.

After weeks of damaging stories about the Benghazi committee’s partisan agenda and vanishing credibility, it might have done Gowdy some good to put together a quiet and informative hearing that was befitting the “serious investigation” that he insisted he was leading. Instead, Gowdy took the lead role in proving correct each one of his Republican colleagues who said the committee was focused on damaging Hillary Clinton’s presidential chances.

In his opening statement, Gowdy tried to shoot down allegations that the committee was focused on Clinton. “There are people frankly in both parties who have suggested that this investigation is about you,” Gowdy said to Hillary at the outset. “Let me assure you it is not.” But when it came time for Gowdy to ask questions, he focused singularly on Clinton’s emails with Sidney Blumenthal, a longtime Clinton friend and DC barnacle who was feeding Hillary intelligence “reports” from a source he knew in Libya. Gowdy used the volume of emails sent from Blumenthal to Clinton to portray him as a key advisor who had unfettered access to Clinton, and contrasted him with slain Libya ambassador Chris Stevens, who never emailed Clinton directly. “Help us understand how Sidney Blumenthal had that kind of access to you, Madame Secretary, but the ambassador did not,” Gowdy asked with much gravity.

Gowdy’s implication – that Stevens either lacked access to Clinton or that Clinton prioritized her communications with Blumenthal – was flagrantly false, and Gowdy knows it was false. Stevens had access to Clinton through a variety of means and could have been in touch with her at a moment’s notice if he’d wanted. But Gowdy used the frequency of email communication – and only email communication – to give the impression that Blumenthal was in the loop while the ambassador was not.

This theme was picked up on by his Republican colleagues, who weren’t nearly as subtle in their dishonesty as Gowdy was. Rep. Mike Pompeo grandiosely asked Clinton if Stevens had had Clinton’s cell phone number, fax number, or home address, and if he’d ever “stopped by your house.” After Clinton said no to all these things, Pompeo went in for what he thought was the kill: “Mr. Blumenthal had each of those and did each of those things. This man who provided you so much information on Libya had access to you in ways that were very different from the access that a very senior diplomat had to you and your person.” If you’re the sort of thick-headed dolt who thinks the ambassador was at a disadvantage because he couldn’t send the Secretary of State a postcard or pop in on her every Sunday afternoon, then this point was probably quite compelling.

While the Republicans were wasting their time trying to portray Clinton as a tool of Sid Blumenthal, the Democrats used their time to make clear just how pointless they believe the entire investigation is and allowed Clinton her opportunities to offer sanitized and carefully worded defenses of the Libya intervention. At least one member of the committee used the hearing to pose useful and interesting questions about issues that arose from the Benghazi attack: Rep. Tammy Duckworth (D-IL). She asked Clinton about policies for outsourcing security to local militias and security contractors, which has caused problems for the State Department and other government agencies. All in all it was a bust for Gowdy and the Benghazi committee, to the point that conservative pundits were griping about how poorly the Republicans fared against Clinton. Anyone who doubted that the committee was a partisan exercise in Clinton-bashing came away free of doubts. The only sliver of good news for the Republicans is that it likely won’t matter. The notion that Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton engineered some sort of evil Benghazi cover-up is already assumed to be true in the minds of conservatives and Republican voters. The fact that Gowdy and crew spent the day stepping on rakes and scoring own-goals in a failed attempt to “prove” it won’t change their minds. And the House GOP won’t put the brakes on the investigation because the committee’s utility as a vehicle for strategic press leaks outweighs the bad press it’s enduring at the moment. The Benghazi committee will grind on, performing much the same role it always has.",1
4359,"Obama seeks global climate pact in Paris, amid resistance at home","President Obama set out Monday to help seal a global climate pact at the opening of a major summit in Paris, though he faces stiff opposition at home from congressional Republicans and states worried his proposals will cost thousands of jobs.

The president joined more than 150 world leaders for the two-week conference where countries are trying to negotiate an agreement aimed at slowing an increase in global temperatures. In opening remarks, Obama called the meeting a potential “turning point” for the effort.

“What should give us hope that this is a turning point, that this is the moment we finally determined we would save our planet, is the fact that our nations share a sense of urgency about this challenge and a growing realization that it is within our power to do something about it,” he said.

With the summit getting under way in the wake of the devastating terror attacks in the same city, some Republicans have questioned whether Obama is focusing too much on global warming and not enough on security. But Obama on Monday called the negotiations an “act of defiance” toward the attackers.

“What greater rejection of those who would tear down our world than marshaling our best efforts to save it?” Obama said. The president said that, as the leader of the world’s largest economy and second-largest emitter (after China), “we embrace our responsibility to do something about it.”

The president also met one-on-one Monday with leaders of other nations responsible for the largest carbon emissions, Chinese President Xi Jinping and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi. On the sidelines of the summit, Obama met as well with Russian President Vladimir Putin to discuss security matters.

But as Obama makes a personal press for a climate deal, he faces practical challenges back in Washington.

The president has pledged that the U.S. will cut its overall emissions by 26 percent to 28 percent by 2030, and a centerpiece of that is a push to reduce emissions from U.S. power plants. But half the states are suing to block the power plant rules, claiming Obama has abused his authority under the Clean Air Act.

Further, Republicans on Capitol Hill are threatening to block committing U.S. dollars to a U.N. Green Climate Fund designed to help poorer countries combat climate change.

In the days before the Paris summit, Republicans warned that any Paris deal with legally binding provisions must come before the Senate for a vote. And without that approval, they warned, lawmakers will not green-light the Green Climate Fund money.

“Without Senate approval, there will be no money – period,” Sen. John Barrasso, R-Wyo., said at a recent hearing.

Barrasso and Sen. Jim Inhofe, R-Okla., chairman of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee, also sent a letter to Obama signed by more than three dozen senators likewise urging the president to have his special envoy relay to developing nations’ representatives that Congress “will not be forthcoming” with the Green Climate Fund money absent a Senate vote.

The president wants to direct $3 billion – including $500 million in the near-term – for the U.N. Green Climate Fund.

The Paris conference is aimed at the most far-reaching deal ever to tackle global warming. The last major agreement, the 1997 Kyoto Protocol, required only rich countries to cut emissions, and the U.S. never signed on.

Among several sticking points is money -- how much rich countries should invest to help poor countries cope with climate change, how much should be invested in renewable energy, and how much traditional oil and gas producers stand to lose if countries agree to forever reduce emissions.

With that in mind, at least 19 governments and 28 leading world investors were announcing billions of dollars in investments to research and develop clean energy technology, with the goal of making it cheaper.

Backers include Obama, Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates, Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, billionaires George Soros and Saudi Prince Alaweed bin Talal, and Jack Ma of China's Alibaba.

Meanwhile, Obama met on the sidelines with Putin to discuss the civil war in Syria, as well as Turkey’s shoot-down of a Russian jet last week amid allegations it crossed into Turkish airspace.

According to a White House official, Obama “expressed his regret for the recent loss of a Russian pilot and crew member and reiterated the United States' support for de-escalation between Russia and Turkey.”

Obama, though, also reiterated that Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad must leave power as part of any political transition.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2462,"2 deaths possibly linked to 'superbug' at UCLA hospital after 7 infected, 179 exposed","UCLA reported Wednesday that nearly 180 patients were exposed to a potentially deadly ""superbug"" on contaminated medical instruments that infected seven patients and may have contributed to two deaths.

A total of 179 patients at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center were exposed to antibiotic-resistant carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae, or CRE, during endoscopic procedures between October and January, the university said in a statement. The bacteria may have been a ""contributing factor"" in the deaths of two patients, the university said. Those who were exposed are being sent free home-testing kits that the university will analyze.

Similar outbreaks of CRE have been reported around the nation. They are difficult to treat because some varieties are resistant to most known antibiotics. By one estimate, CRE can contribute to death in up to half of seriously infected patients, according to the national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.

The bacteria can cause infections of the bladder or lungs, leading to coughing, fever or chills. CRE infections have been reported in every state except Idaho, Alaska and Maine, according to the CDC.

UCLA said infections may have been transmitted through specialized endoscopes used during the diagnosis and treatment of pancreatic and bile-duct problems. The instruments are inserted into the patients' throats. The outbreak was discovered late last month during tests on a patient.

The two medical devices may have carried the bacteria even though they were sterilized according to the manufacturer's specifications, UCLA said.

The devices have been removed, and decontamination procedures upgraded, the university said.

""We notified all patients who had this type of procedure, and we were using seven different scopes. Only two of them were found to be infected. In an abundance of caution, we notified everybody,"" said Dale Tate, a University of California, Los Angeles spokeswoman.

On Thursday, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration issued an advisory warning doctors that even when a manufacturer's cleaning instructions are followed, infectious germs may linger in the devices. Their complex design and tiny parts make complete disinfection extremely difficult, the advisory said.

National figures on the bacteria are not kept, but 47 states have seen cases, the CDC said.

A similar outbreak occurred in Illinois in 2013. Dozens of patients were exposed to CRE, with some cases apparently linked to a tainted endoscope used at Advocate Lutheran General Hospital. The hospital later changed its sterilization procedures.

A Seattle hospital, Virginia Mason Medical Center, reported in January that CRE linked to an endoscope sickened at least 35 patients, and 11 died, although it was unclear whether the infection played a role in their deaths.

""This bacteria is emerging in the U.S. and it's associated with a high mortality rate,"" Dr. Alex Kallen, an epidemiologist in CDC's Division of Healthcare Quality Promotion, told the LA Times. ""We don't want this circulating anywhere in the community.""

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Click for more from MyFoxLA.com.",1
4289,Clinton media campaign follows BuzzFeed model,"Hillary Clinton’s campaign looks like a new media startup.

The Democratic front-runner has a staff of dozens producing original content — including bylined news stories and professional video — all managed by an audience development team, a model similar to digital news pioneers BuzzFeed or Vox.

A blog, called the ""Feed,” anchored by five full-time writers, pumps out articles, interactive trivia quizzes, GIFs of Clinton's late-night-show appearances and other content designed to engage supporters and court potential voters across social media channels like Facebook, Twitter and Snapchat.

“They seem to be trying to mimic a publisher,” said Michael Wertheim, an adviser to media and tech startups and a former strategy director at Upworthy.

President Obama's team was the undisputed powerhouse of the 2008 and 2012 cycles. Now his digital mastermind, Teddy Goff, is helming Clinton’s efforts, but, Goff says, succeeding in 2016 is far more challenging.

In past campaigns, ""we felt that we could pretty much reach the people we need to reach by running a really good Twitter and Facebook account,” he said. Obama for America built Facebook and Twitter followings of more than 45 million and 33 million, respectively.

Now, people have more power over what they consume, said Goff. They have “a higher set of expectations for how they’re going to be served,"" he said, and are steering away from overtly political messages.

“When you put those together, it’s a pretty difficult task.""

The Clinton approach is made possible by its resources, said Katie Harbath, Facebook’s global politics and government outreach director. Others are “having to be leaner, be more resourceful and deal with a smaller staff,” she said.

Yet, in this election, “resources don’t necessarily mean they’ll resonate more or create more of a discussion on the platform,” said Jenna Golden, Twitter’s director of political ad sales. While the Democrat’s Brooklyn-based team crafts images and stories optimized for mobile viewing targeted at both broad and specific demographic audiences, Republican candidate Donald Trump’s approach is more basic: He sits at his computer and sends out missives. And Bernie Sanders, her main rival for the Democratic nomination, has more overall digital interactions than Clinton.

Trump’s posted over 5,000 times since June, mostly on Twitter, according to CrowdTangle, a social analytics tool that monitors social media. Since June of last year, Trump has generated nearly 85 million interactions (positive and negative) on his campaign accounts, which include Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and YouTube. Sanders comes in at 34.6 million and Clinton at 31 million.

According to Facebook, Trump generated the most interactions across the social media network the week after his controversial proposal to temporarily ban non-citizen Muslims from entering the country. Clinton's peak came the last week of October after a successful debate and a marathon performance before a House Benghazi hearing.

“Trump is absolutely dominating social this election cycle and it’s not even close,” said Brandon Silverman, CrowdTangle chief executive. “It’s a way to skip the media and go directly to his audience,” he said. Yet dominating the conversation doesn't necessarily translate into votes.

Trump and Clinton have “very different strategic goals,” said Silverman. While Trump is “brand building,” Clinton is converting her traffic into actions such as site registrations to acquire data critical to her get-out-the-vote efforts.

Whether the Clinton or Trump model is more effective will be part of the election post-mortem, said Jake Horowitz, founder of Mic, a top millennial website.

“You have a very sophisticated operation, and then you have someone who’s a total monster with media attention, and they’re competing for attention across social,” said Horowitz.

A lot of the focus appears to be on evoking emotion as the former first lady battles perceptions that she isn't personable.

A recent post getting a lot of clicks shows Clinton retelling, in a speech, the story of Army Captain Humayun Khan, a 27-year-old Muslim American who died in Iraq after waving his unit away from a vehicle that exploded.

The video, set to background music, includes a cutaway shot to a visibly anguished man who, as Clinton speaks, bows his head and and chokes back tears as his fingers tweeze the bridge of his nose. It’s gotten over 2 million views on Facebook.

There’s also a regular series, called “Quick Question” that catches the candidate spontaneously discussing fun topics, including lessons from her mother and what it’s like to watch football in the Clinton household. “They catch her randomly, and she just answers. It captures her,” said Goff.

“They’re probably trying to get her to react in a genuine fashion and trigger some emotion,” said Wertheim.

Similar to what you’d find on BuzzFeed or The Huffington Post, Clinton's site is interactive. In December, a quiz asked readers to guess whether certain statements came from Donald Trump or someone else.

Another notes her summer job after college in Alaska “sliming” fish, or removing the guts from salmon with a spoon. Another featured five vintage photos telling “the story of how Bill and Hillary Clinton fell in love.”

Many readers are probably unaware some posts are from the campaign since a number feature people other than the candidate, including one of a cute 8-year-old and another highlighting a 1986 letter from a grandfather who fled Germany ahead of WWII aimed at illustrating the historic role the nation has played in taking in refugees.

Ultimately, though, digital experts say social media success depends on something only the candidate can deliver: authenticity.

“The candidates who are willing to be more authentic and show who they are as a person get a lot more engagement,” said Horowitz.",1
743,"Exclusive: More than 100 lawsuits, disputes over taxes tied to Trump and his companies","While Donald J. Trump refuses to release his federal tax returns, saying his tax rate is “none of your business,” a USA TODAY analysis found Trump’s businesses have been involved in at least 100 lawsuits and other disputes related to unpaid taxes or how much tax his businesses owe.

Trump’s companies have been engaged in battles over taxes almost every year from the late 1980s until as recently as March, the analysis of court cases, property records, and other documents across the country shows. At least five Trump companies were issued warrants totaling more than $13,000 for late or unpaid taxes in New York state just since Trump declared his candidacy in June 2015, according to state records. This spring, as Trump flew to campaign rallies around the country aboard his trademark private jet, the state of New York filed a tax warrant to try to collect $8,578 in unpaid taxes from the Trump-owned company that owns the Boeing 757. The company has since paid that tax bill.

As recently as last week, Trump said he was “willing to pay more” taxes personally and that “taxes for the rich will go up somewhat” if he becomes president. But the lawsuits and other tax-related disputes show a different reality for his businesses. They illustrate a pattern of systematically disputing tax bills, arguing for lower property assessments, and in some cases not paying taxes until the government takes additional action. At least three dozen times, Trump companies’ unpaid tax bills have forced the New York State Department of Taxation and Finance to go to local courts to get liens against his properties to try to collect overdue bills. New Jersey also had to go to court for a lien to collect a Trump company’s unpaid tax bill. Eventually, those disputes were resolved, and his companies paid some amount of taxes.

The disputes surrounding Trump’s business taxes are uncharted territory for the presidential nominee of a major party. The GOP’s 2012 nominee, Mitt Romney, also had extensive business interests as the leader of a private-equity fund. But Trump has a network of complicated real estate and other investments, and some of the tax disputes are ongoing.

Trump has acknowledged that he tries to pay as little taxes as possible, and the public records across the country shed light on how he does it. In documents rarely seen by the public, Trump's businesses regularly minimize the value of his properties for tax purposes. Publicly, including in his presidential financial disclosure report, Trump’s team declares many of those same properties are worth tens of millions of dollars more.

He’s fought tax collectors to lower the assessed values of his luxury golf courses in Briarcliff, N.Y., and Jupiter, Fla. Yet on his presidential financial disclosure report, he valued each at more than $50 million.

USA TODAY’s examination of Trump’s track record as a business taxpayer found not just court actions, but dozens of additional tax disputes with local authorities that didn’t reach the courthouse in states including New York, Nevada, Florida and New Jersey. In some cases, Trump’s businesses have disputed tax assessments; in others, they have simply not paid the tax bill until after the government took additional action.

In New York, for example, there are dozens of tax warrants against Trump businesses. Tax warrants are filed only after the state has exhausted all other options to collect what’s owed.

“You have to ignore us to end up with a tax warrant,” said Geoff Gloak, spokesman for the state Department of Taxation and Finance. “We try to work with taxpayers to resolve the debt, long before it becomes a warrant.”

If the tax warrant is ignored, the state can choose to take the matter to court – and in some cases has.

In addition to the five tax warrants since his announcement, there are additional New York state tax warrants dating to the years before Trump became a candidate, including $1,580 in unpaid taxes in 2010 for Trump Mortgage, his failed mortgage venture, and $1,747 in unpaid taxes in early 2015 against Trump Entrepreneur Initiative, once known as the troubled Trump University, which was later paid.

Alan Garten, general counsel to the Trump Organization, said he was unaware of the particulars of the tax warrant cases. He said disputes can arise over how one calculates sales-tax liabilities.

“It happens all the time,” he said. “And some of the charges could have been mistaken.”

Real estate developers often appeal assessments, and Morris Ellison, a commercial real estate tax attorney based in Charleston, S.C., said it’s difficult to compare one organization’s volume of property tax appeals vs. another’s.

Garten said the companies do what any property owners have the right to do: challenge their property’s assessment to make sure they are fairly taxed.

“We are a business, and we are in the business of making money,” he said. “Why should it be any different if we think the assessment is incorrect? It would be irresponsible if we didn’t. It’s got to be fair.”

Trump has been particularly aggressive by any measure, acknowledging it’s part of his business strategy.

“I fight like hell to pay as little as possible,” he said at a New York news conference announcing his own tax plan in September. “I fight like hell always, because it’s an expense. And you know, I feel ... and I fight. I have the best lawyers and the best accountants, and I fight, and I pay. But it’s an expense.”

Trump’s boasts about his wealth have sometimes undercut his attempts to slash his taxes. In 1985, Trump scooped up Mar-a-Lago, the opulent estate built by Marjorie Merriweather Post in Palm Beach, Fla., for $10 million, bragging in his 1989 book, The Art of the Deal, that it was a sweet deal, worth far more than he paid. When the property was assessed at $11.5 million and later $17 million, Trump objected. Litigation dragged on until 1993 over the tax bills.

A settlement hinged on Trump agreeing not to develop the Mar-a-Lago land into individual lots, said Jay Jacknin, outside counsel for Palm Beach County’s appraisal’s office. Last year, the county assessed the property at about $20 million — though Trump’s federal financial disclosure form values it at “more than $50 million.”

Similarly, just up the road in Jupiter, Fla., Trump bought the Ritz-Carlton Golf Club and Spa in 2012 for a reported $5 million, then renovated it. For the past three years, his team has appealed the assessed value, of $13.7million as of 2015. In his financial disclosure forms, Trump claims that the course on 285 acres is worth “more than $50 million” and that it throws off more than $12 million in revenue.

In Westchester County, N.Y., Trump has taken an aggressive approach toward the town of Ossining regarding the taxable value of Trump National Golf Club in Briarcliff Manor.

The battle gained national prominence, after an investigation in September 2015 by The Journal News, which is part of the USA TODAY NETWORK, of the club’s audacious bid to slash its taxable value by 90%.

Town Assessor Fernando Gonzalez valued the 140-acre complex at $14.3 million (a valuation since increased to $15.1 million) — but Trump’s team countered that it was worth $1.4 million. For perspective, a three-bedroom villa built at Trump National’s 16th hole on a separate tax parcel sold in 2005 for $2.4 million and was recently on the market for almost $2 million.

Trump’s claimed value would slash the $471,000 in taxes he owes to the town, village county and its school district to $47,000.

Residents are outraged. “What he’s claiming is way off,” said Briarcliff Manor homeowner Steve Cohen. “I see people playing there. The club looks fabulous. It certainly isn’t falling into disrepair.”

The Trump team’s lowball valuation follows a pattern similar to other assessment battles. His camp’s estimate appears to be a mere opening bid in a negotiation.

Trump’s attorney, Jeff Rodner, acknowledges that he is sure the property is worth more than the $1.4 million.

“Maybe it’s worth $12 million, maybe $13 million,” Rodner told The Journal News. “Now, my value is my opinion until it’s proven otherwise.”

The Briarcliff property is among 20 developments on Trump’s financial disclosure report that he values at “more than $50 million” — accounting for $1 billion of his net worth that Trump claims totals $10 billion.",1
5061,Historic firsts fill evening at Democratic National Convention,"Shattering the glass ceiling wasn't the only way historic firsts took the floor in Philadelphia Tuesday night, when the Democratic Party named Hillary Clinton as its presidential nominee.

Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton addresses the Democratic National Convention via a live video feed from New York during the second night at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia on July 26, 2016.

With Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders on the mic, addressing the crowds that thronged the Democratic National Convention hall in Philadelphia, history was made.

“I move that Hillary Clinton be selected as the nominee of the Democratic Party for president of the United States,” Senator Sanders said. The crowd roared, the delegates ‘ayed,’ and Mrs. Clinton officially became the first woman to be nominated by a major political party for the position of president of the United States.

Appearing on video from New York later Tuesday night, after a montage of the 43 men who have presided over the Oval Office filled the large screen overhead, Clinton thanked her party and the delegates for their role in helping her make “the biggest crack in that glass ceiling yet.”

Calling out to the American viewers, she said: “If there are any little girls out there who stayed up late to watch, let me just say: I may become the first woman president, but one of you is next.”

Clinton’s nomination comes 240 years into the existence of the United States of America and nearly a century after the Constitution was amended in 1919 to give women the right to vote. There were still state restrictions that continued to make it difficult for women (and men) of color to exercise that right into the 1960s.

Her nomination was not the only precedent-setter at the convention. Tuesday night held echoes of both Clinton’s past roles and of the milestones reached by women in politics since they gained suffrage.

The convention itself is being chaired by Ohio Rep. Marcia Fudge, who has shattered her own share of glass ceilings. Ms. Fudge was both the first African-American and first female mayor of Warrensville Heights, Ohio, a position she held from from 2000 to 2008. She is joined at the helm of the convention and the party by two other African-American women. Rev. Leah Daughtry, former chief of staff for the party's committee, is the chief executive officer of the convention for the second time, while Donna Brazile is the interim Democratic National Committee chair after Debbie Wasserman Schultz resigned last week, following an email scandal. Ms. Brazile became well-known in the party as Al Gore's campaign manager, the Washington Post reports.

In an interview with NBCBLK in November, Reverend Daughtry said that this year’s convention, now underway, would be ""the most diverse and the most forward-looking convention that we've had in recent history.""

The speaker line-up last night also included a fair share of ground-breakers. One of the senators who nominated Clinton during the state roll call was Maryland Sen. Barbara Mikulski, who said she was acting on behalf of ""all women who have broken down barriers for others."" Senator Mikulski herself was the the first Democratic woman to be elected to the Senate in 1987. Clinton held the role of senator for New York State between 2001 and 2009; the two women are among the group of 46 women to have ever held the role of US senator.

Another of the evening’s speakers was Madeleine Albright. A distinguished diplomat, Ms. Albright was the country’s first female secretary of State, a position that Clinton held under Barack Obama, when she was the third woman in the job. Albright was selected for that role in 1996 by former President Bill Clinton.

Mr. Clinton himself would break ground, were his wife to be elected to his former office, as both the first man in the role traditionally referred to as ""first lady"" and the first former president to hold that place. Mr. Clinton was the keynote speaker last night, offering a personal portrait of his wife to counter the narrative of corruption and scandal that has at times ensnared the campaign.

Emphasizing his wife's history of activism, not just for women, but for socioeconomic and racial equality, Mr. Clinton called her the ""best darn changemaker I've met in my entire life."" She ""had done more positive change before she was 30 than many politicians do in a lifetime in office.""

The theme of “firsts” will continue Wednesday night, on point for a party that distinguishes itself from the competition with a progressive agenda.

This evening, President Obama, the first African-American president, will offer his support of Clinton. On Monday, she received the support of another historymaker, one who occupies another role Clinton herself once held: Michelle Obama, the nation's first African-American first lady.

This report includes material from the Associated Press and Reuters.",1
1146,"Cruz camp responds to Rubio Photoshop flap, brushes off criticism","Sen. Ted Cruz’s national spokesman Rick Tyler doubled-down on Friday following accusations that the campaign Photoshopped an image of Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and President Obama.

“Every picture in a political campaign is Photoshopped,” Tyler told Fox News. “It is absolutely true.”

When pressed repeatedly by host Martha McCallum about why the campaign Photoshopped a picture of Rubio and Obama shaking hands in a picture on a website produced by the Cruz campaign, Tyler instead took aim at Rubio’s record.

“Marco Rubio and Barack Obama have shaken hands. There are plenty of photos of him shaking hands,” he said. “If they don’t like the picture we picked, then send me a picture they like of Marco Rubio shaking hands with Barack Obama and we’ll swap it out.”

The website, which features other digitally altered images of the Florida senator, offers visitors the chance to take a “stand against Rubio,” with a link to Ted Cruz’s get-out-the-vote site.

""This is a disturbing pattern, they are making stuff up every day,"" Rubio told reporters Thursday.

Rubio senior advisor Todd Harris said the body shown in the image in question is ""not Rubio.""

“This person, we don’t know who that is, but they Photoshopped Marco’s face onto somebody else. This is how phony and how deceitful the Cruz campaign has become.”

The campaign says the original image, apparently reversed, was from a stock photograph.",1
1027,Ben Carson Throws Support Behind Donald Trump,"Retired nuerosurgeon and former presidential candidate Ben Carson has formally endorsed Donald Trump as the Republican nominee for president.

Carson, who dropped out of the race last week, made the announcement alongside Trump at Mar-a-Largo on Friday, the billionaire's luxury club in Palm Beach.

""I have found that, in talking with him, that there's a lot more alignment philosophically and spiritually than I ever thought there was,"" Carson said during a press conference announcing his endorsement.

""It's about 'we the people.' We need to empower the people,"" Carson said in response to a question about his decision. ""That is not going to be done through politics as usual, be that Republican politics as usual, or be that Democrat politics as usual.""

""It requires somebody who's a bit of an iconoclast but someone who has the ability to listen and to make wise decisions,"" Carson said at the news conference, referring to why he endorsed Trump.

During Thursday night's GOP presidential debate, Trump confirmed the two spent time together earlier Thursday and discussed education and how to improve schools.

Citing sources close to Carson, the Washington Post reported he and Trump met in Palm Beach, earlier Thursday and reached an agreement.

""I hope that we can bridge the gap with everybody,"" Carson said. ""All the policies that I have ever talked about -- and Mr. Trump is going to be on board with this, too -- we talk about things that are good for everybody, not for this group or that group.""

""We will be looking at ways to do things that benefit all Americans that create an equal playing field -- equality of opportunity -- that's what we're looking for,"" he continued.

One source said Carson had been torn between Trump and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, but opted to support Trump because of a rumor circulated ahead of the Iowa caucuses by the Cruz campaign that Carson had dropped out of the race.

In an interview with Fox News Radio's ""John Gibson Show"" Thursday, Carson was asked whether he was planning to join the Trump campaign.

""Let's put it this way, I'm certainly leaning,"" he said earlier, adding that there are ""two Donald Trumps"" - the one seen on television and the one he's gotten to know behind the scenes.",1
5237,"Clinton and Trump: How they view ISIS, Putin, and US generals","Donald Trump praised Vladimir Putin and Hillary Clinton defended her 2003 vote for war in Iraq in a televised Q&A Wednesday on national security.

Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, with 'Today' show co-anchor Matt Lauer, left, speaks at the NBC Commander-In-Chief Forum held at the Intrepid Sea, Air and Space museum aboard the decommissioned aircraft carrier Intrepid, New York, Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016.

Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton confronted their key weaknesses in a televised national security forum, with the Republican defending his preparedness to be commander in chief despite vague plans for tackling global challenges and the Democrat arguing that her controversial email practices did not expose questionable judgment.

Mr. Trump also renewed his praise of Russian President Vladimir Putin and his disdain for President Barack Obama, saying that the Russian enjoyed an 82 percent approval rating. ""The man has very strong control over a country,"" Trump said. ""It's a very different system and I don't happen to like the system, but certainly, in that system, he's been a leader, far more than our president has been a leader.""

Speaking to reporters in Laos, Obama said Thursday that Trump confirms his belief that Trump isn't qualified to be president ""every time he speaks"" and added: ""The most important thing for the public and the press is to just listen to what he says and follow up and ask questions to what appear to be either contradictory or uninformed or outright wacky ideas.""

Trump and Mrs. Clinton spoke back-to-back Wednesday night, each fielding 30 minutes of questions. While the candidates never appeared on stage together, the session served as a preview of sorts for their highly-anticipated presidential debates.

By virtue of a coin flip, Clinton took the stage first and quickly found herself responding at length to questions about her years in government. She reiterated that she had made mistakes in relying on a personal email account and private server as secretary of State and in voting for the 2003 invasion of Iraq as a senator. But she defended her support for U.S. military intervention to help oust a dictator in Libya, despite the chaotic aftermath.

""I'm asking to be judged on the totality of my record,"" said Clinton, who grew visibly irritated at times with the repeated focus on her past actions.

Clinton, who has cast Trump as dangerously ill-prepared to be commander in chief, tried to center the discussion on her foreign policy proposals. She vowed to defeat the Islamic State group ""without committing American ground troops"" to Iraq or Syria. And she pledged to hold weekly Oval Office meetings with representatives from the Pentagon and Department of Veterans Affairs to stay abreast of health care for veterans.

Trump did little to counter the criticism that he lacks detailed policy proposals, particularly regarding the Islamic State group. He both insisted he has a private blueprint for defeating the extremist group and that he would demand a plan from military leaders within 30 days of taking office.

But he was also harshly critical of the military, saying America's generals have been ""reduced to rubble"" under Obama. Asked to square his request for military options with that criticism, Trump said simply: ""They'll probably be different generals.""

Trump stood by a previous comment that appeared to blame military sexual assaults on men and women serving together, but added he would not seek to remove women from the military. And for the first time, he opened the door to granting legal status to people living in the U.S. illegally who join the military.

""I think that when you serve in the armed forces, that's a very special situation,"" Trump said. ""And I could see myself working that out.""

The Republican also repeated an incorrect claim that he was opposed to the war with Iraq before the invasion. That assertion is contradicted by an interview Trump did with Howard Stern in September 2002 in which he was asked whether he supported the invasion. He replied, ""Yeah, I guess so.""

With just two months until Election Day, national security has emerged as a centerpiece issue in the White House race. Both candidates believe they have the upper hand, with Clinton contrasting her experience with Trump's unpredictability and the Republican arguing that Americans worried about their safety will be left with more of the same if they elect Obama's former secretary of State.

This event – and the upcoming presidential debates – could be particularly important in the closing days of this election. As The Christian Science Monitor reports, this year an unusually large percentage of the electorate says it hasn’t made up its mind, or will vote for a third-party candidate. That’s a big chunk of folks who might swing in one way or another when the pressure of choosing on Election Day actually nears.

For instance, Wall Street Journal/NBC polling shows 13 percent of voters undecided in 2016. The corresponding figure from this time in 2012 was 8 percent.

“We are seeing a historically high number of potential voters who aren’t committing to either major party candidate at this point,” writes Middlebury College political science professor Matthew Dickinson on his“Presidential Power” blog.

While GOP candidates are often seen by voters as having an advantage on military and national security issues, Trump is far from a traditional Republican. He has no military experience and has repeatedly criticized the skill of the armed forces.

A flood of Republican national security experts have instead chosen to back Clinton, helping bolster her case that Trump is broadly unacceptable. Earlier Wednesday, former Defense Secretary William Cohen joined the list of GOP officials supporting Clinton.

Ahead of the forum, Trump rolled out a new plan to boost military spending by tens of billions of dollars, including major increases in the number of active troops, fighter planes, ships and submarines.

His address earlier in the day included plans to eliminate deep spending cuts known as the ""sequester"" that were enacted when Congress failed to reach a budget compromise in 2011. Republicans and Democrats voted for the automatic, across-the board cuts that affected both military and domestic programs, though the White House has long pressed Congress to lift the spending limits.

Trump expressed support for the sequester in interviews in 2013 — even describing them as too small — but seemed to suggest at the time that military spending should be exempt.

Associated Press writers Jill Colvin and Erica Werner in Washington and Jonathan Lemire in New York contributed to this report.",1
4122,"Paul Ryan’s big speaker hangup is reportedly his family. For a male lawmaker, that’s unusual.","First, let us get the known but essential details out of the way.

Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) has become what a lot of people consider the solution to the Republican Party's potentially very big and very messy problem in the House. Still, Ryan is reluctant to vie for the House speaker job. He has reminded colleagues and reporters that he is a married man with three young children with whom, because of his existing work in D.C., he already spends only weekends. The New York Times reported that in recent years, current Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio), the man who wants out of the job, spent as many as 200 days a year en route to fundraisers or fundraising somewhere.

For Ryan, it's hard to imagine how the two travel patterns would not conflict.

There's almost nothing about Ryan's conundrum that Americans haven't heard before. In fact, work-life balance is about two days away from joining the list of arguably meaningless cliches. More than a few public figures — particularly lawmakers — have used the old ""resigning to spend more time with my family"" excuse for bowing out of some political race or office. Oftentimes, the excuse seems dubious.

And most of Ryan's own House colleagues seemed to have all but dismissed his family life concerns. Look closely at all those stories about which lawmaker has said what to Ryan to convince him to take the job. Not many have bothered to share a thought — at least in print — on how one might be speaker and a good father to three young children. Translation: Ryan should be more like them. He should leave the bulk of family responsibilities and relationship-building to his wife or the hired help a rising career can buy.

The truth is, there's almost nothing about Ryan's dilemma that many working parents don't know. The real and important difference here is that this time, this is a conversation that is kind of, sort of, being had about a man.

Let's admit at least this much: The way we think and talk about family life and work generally stays in some well-known territory.

First, there's child-care costs. For a middle-income family with a child born in 2013, feeding, clothing, educating and caring for that child into adulthood will cost over $300,000. That's after inflation. The figure is $241,080 before it. But lest anyone comfort themselves with the idea that we must be talking about the cost of raising a family in a big, glamorous city or a childhood with all manner of lessons and camps and enrichment activities, check out and use this useful government calculator. It's digital birth control. For real.

Here's just a taste. Check out the full report here.

But that math often leads to the second topic America likes to cover on the occasion that family and work responsibilities are discussed. This is the one where people ask in the most obtuse fashion possible why so many mothers are leaving or have left the workforce (43 percent) and what on Earth can be done about it.

The answer is beyond simple. Most women still make less than men. That's especially true for mothers. And when those who have a different-sex partner or husband sit down and do the math on child care costs and all the other items in that graphic above (we strongly suggest you check out the full thing), for some, work stops making much immediate financial sense.

When all else fails, there's the inevitable trend story or I-know-a guy-who-knows-a-guy dinner discussion about the virtual sprinkle of men who have become stay-at-home dads. This group may be on its way to becoming a small puddle. But let's not pretend that the stay-at-home dads (a large share of which are, despite the content of most of most of those trend stories, black) have become common. They are important but remain relatively rare.

As Ann Ann Marie Slaughter's Atlantic Magazine article and her book-length look at family and work issues have made plain, people are struggling and in many cases really distressed by this challenge. They are interested in these issues. And there's a lot of evidence that as Slaughter's book puts it, we need to rethink, reframe and, yes, revalue care (child care, family care, family time and relationship building) itself.

[She said women can't have it all. Now she's recommending a revolution in family life.]

Someone is sure to point out that Ryan's children are well past the swaddling and wake-up-at-night stage. That's true. But think long and hard about the implications of that idea, particularly if you are someone's boss.

Ryan, a man in his mid-40s, has young kids. He is part of a younger generation of fathers who, while they do not match the time put in by their children's mothers, are spending more time with their kids and doing at least a little more housework than fathers in the past. Is that really something to discourage?

And all politics and policy aside, anyone who has given the most cursory read to any child development research knows that children benefit from healthy, sustained and reliable contact with both their parents and, when possible, extended family. Certainly, Ryan has spent some enough time on Capitol Hill to see the sometimes sad results of another path. Is there any other professional community besides perhaps Hollywood where struggles with troubled and out-of-control children or rocky marriages are the subject of so many knowing jokes?

Moreover, Ryan is a man who came to his family life with a personal history that, at the very least, has given him real reason to be deliberate. Ryan found his own father, an apparently hard-charging lawyer, dead of a heart attack in his bed when Ryan was just 16. At that point, as Ryan's older brother told the New York Times, his older siblings were away at college. Ryan's mother went back to school. And his grandmother, who lived with the family, had reached the advanced stages of Alzheimer's disease. Before Ryan even left high school, he experienced the toll of a sudden and early death and a slow, merciless one.

Is it really any wonder Ryan's wife said in an August interview that Ryan's time with his family is ""his oxygen?""

Now, Ryan's biggest critics would no doubt argue that Ryan's budget ideas haven't advanced the work-life balance cause, particularly for families with less money than his own. But whatever happens, the Ryan conundrum should make this much clear.

In the United States, talent is squandered, opportunities are missed and maybe even the common good sacrificed every day because hard choices like Ryan's too often have to be made.",1
266,"McCarthy withdraws from speaker race, vote postponed","House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, who was considered the front-runner to replace John Boehner, stunned his Republican colleagues Thursday by abruptly withdrawing from the race, throwing the leadership battle into chaos.

McCarthy's decision, announced moments before Republicans were set to nominate their candidate, will postpone the vote for speaker. McCarthy had been running against Reps. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, and Daniel Webster, R-Fla., before he dropped out, and it's unclear whether other candidates will now step forward.

While McCarthy, R-Calif., faced vocal opposition from some conservative members and groups, he was thought to have more than enough support to win the party's nomination in the vote initially set for Thursday. Fox News is told McCarthy, in revealing his choice, simply told colleagues it was not his time.

His withdrawal rattled fellow lawmakers, particularly allies in leadership. But addressing reporters afterward, McCarthy said he thinks the party needs a ""fresh face.""

""If we are going to unite and be strong, we need a new face to help do that,"" McCarthy said. ""We've got to be 100 percent united.""

He said he will stay on as majority leader.

Chaffetz, speaking shortly afterward, said McCarthy's withdrawal was ""absolutely stunning."" Chaffetz said he would remain in the race. ""I really do believe it is time for a fresh start,"" he said.

While Boehner originally was set to resign at the end of the month, the speaker said in a statement Thursday afternoon he ""will serve as Speaker until the House votes to elect a new Speaker."" He added, ""I'm confident we will elect a new Speaker in the coming weeks.""

Practically speaking, Republicans' overriding interest is to find a candidate who can muster an absolute majority on the House floor in a full chamber vote, originally set for Oct. 29. While McCarthy was likely to easily win the nomination, it was unclear whether he could muster a majority -- of roughly 218 members -- once lawmakers from both parties vote for speaker.

McCarthy gave no indication of dropping out earlier in the day. ""It's going to go great,"" McCarthy said Thursday morning. But he later suggested he was concerned he'd only be able to win narrowly in a floor vote.

Rep. Darrell Issa, R-Calif., said McCarthy actually felt he couldn't reach 218. Still, he said McCarthy's backing will be the ""most important endorsement"" for whoever seeks the post.

Rep. Paul Ryan, R-Wis., the party's vice presidential nominee in 2012, swiftly put out a statement saying he would not run, while saying he's ""disappointed"" McCarthy dropped out.

Conservative groups, meanwhile, cheered the decision. FreedomWorks CEO Adam Brandon said in a statement that McCarthy ""dropped out of the Speaker race because of the House Freedom Caucus and grassroots pressure. ... This is a huge win for conservatives who want to see real change in Washington, not the same go along get along ways of Washington.""

He was referring in part to a decision Wednesday by the conservative House Freedom Caucus -- with its 30-40 members -- to back Webster as a bloc.

The speaker's race already has seen several curveballs since Boehner suddenly announced his retirement and McCarthy swiftly positioned himself as the presumptive next in line.

Shortly after announcing his candidacy, McCarthy was seen to stumble in a Fox News interview where he appeared to link Hillary Clinton's dropping poll numbers to the congressional Benghazi committee. His comments fueled Democratic charges that the committee is merely political, which GOP leaders deny.

Amid the backlash over McCarthy's Benghazi remarks, Chaffetz entered the leadership race over the weekend.

Republicans have nearly 250 members in the House and on paper have the numbers to win against the Democrats' nominee, likely Nancy Pelosi. But if the eventual Republican nominee comes out with a tally short of 218, he or she will have to try to rally support to get to that number.

In a curious development, Rep. Walter Jones, R-N.C., also sent a letter to House Republican Conference Chairwoman Cathy McMorris Rodgers, R-Wash., urging a full vetting of all leadership candidates to avoid a repeat of 1998, when the conference selected then-Rep. Bob Livingston in November to succeed outgoing House Speaker Newt Gingrich. It then emerged Livingston had been conducting an affair. Jones asked that any candidate who has committed ""misdeeds"" withdraw.

Asked by FoxNews.com to elaborate, Jones said he doesn't ""know anything"" specific about any of the candidates, but, ""We need to be able to say without reservation that 'I have nothing in my background that six months from now could be exposed to the detriment of the House of Representatives.'"" He said he wants to make sure the candidates have ""no skeletons.""

Fox News' Chad Pergram and FoxNews.com's Cody Derespina and The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2551,The immigration swamp,"“This was not a subject that was on anybody’s mind until I brought it up at my announcement.”

Not on anyone’s mind? For years, immigration has been the subject of near-constant, often bitter argument within the GOP. But it is true that Trump has brought the debate to a new place — first, with his announcement speech, about whether Mexican migrants are really rapists, and now with the somewhat more nuanced Trump plan.

Much of it — visa tracking, E-Verify, withholding funds from sanctuary cities — predates Trump. Even building the Great Wall is not particularly new. (I, for one, have been advocating that in this space since 2006.) Dominating the discussion, however, are his two policy innovations: (a) abolition of birthright citizenship and (b) mass deportation.

If you are born in the United States, you are an American citizen. So says the 14th Amendment. Barring some esoteric and radically new jurisprudence, abolition would require amending the Constitution. Which would take years and great political effort. And make the GOP anathema to Hispanic Americans for a generation.

And for what? Birthright citizenship is a symptom, not a cause. If you regain control of the border, the number of birthright babies fades to insignificance. The time and energy it would take to amend the Constitution are far more usefully deployed securing the border.

Moreover, the real issue is not the birthright babies themselves, but the chain migration that follows. It turns one baby into an imported village.

Chain migration, however, is not a constitutional right. It’s a result of statutes and regulations. These can be readily changed. That should be the focus, not a quixotic constitutional battle.

Last Sunday, Trump told NBC’s Chuck Todd that all illegal immigrants must leave the country. Although once they’ve been kicked out, we will let “the good ones” back in.

On its own terms, this is crackpot. Wouldn’t you save a lot just on Mayflower moving costs if you chose the “good ones” first — before sending SWAT teams to turf families out of their homes, loading them on buses and dumping them on the other side of the Rio Grande?

Less frivolously, it is estimated by the conservative American Action Forum that mass deportation would take about 20 years and cost about $500 billion for all the police, judges, lawyers and enforcement agents — and bus drivers! — needed to expel 11 million people.

This would all be merely ridiculous if it weren’t morally obscene. Forcibly evict 11 million people from their homes? It can’t happen. It shouldn’t happen. And, of course, it won’t ever happen. But because it’s the view of the Republican front-runner, every other candidate is now required to react. So instead of debating border security, guest-worker programs and sanctuary cities — where Republicans are on firm moral and political ground — they are forced into a debate about a repulsive fantasy.

Which, for the Republican Party, is also political poison. Mitt Romney lost the Hispanic vote by 44 points and he was advocating only self-deportation. Now the party is discussing forced deportation.

It is not just Hispanics who will be alienated. Romney lost the Asian vote, too. By 47 points. And many non-minorities will be offended by the idea of rounding up 11 million people, the vast majority of whom are law-abiding members of their communities.

Donald Trump has every right to advance his ideas. He is not to be begrudged his masterly showmanship, his relentless candor or his polling success. I strongly oppose the idea of ostracizing anyone from the GOP or the conservative movement. On whose authority? Let the people decide.

But that is not to say that he should be exempt from normal scrutiny or from consideration of the effect of his candidacy on conservatism’s future. If you are a conservative alarmed at the country’s direction and committed to retaking the White House, you should be concerned about what Trump’s ascendancy is doing to the chances of that happening.

The Democrats’ presumptive candidate is flailing badly. Republicans have an unusually talented field with a good chance of winning back the presidency. Do they really want to be dragged into the swamps — right now, on immigration — that will make that prospect electorally impossible?

Yes, I understand. The anger, the frustration, etc., etc., that Trump is channeling. But how are these alleviated by yelling “I’m mad as hell” — and proceeding to elect Hillary Clinton?

Read more from Charles Krauthammer’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.",1
5060,'America is already strong': Obama continues Democrats' optimism,"President Obama offered enthusiastic support for Hillary Clinton at the Democratic National Convention Wednesday as he painted a hopeful picture of the country.

U.S. President Barack Obama (L) and Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton wave to the crowd after the president spoke at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia, Penn., on July 27, 2016.

President Obama described an optimistic, hopeful picture of America in a speech Wednesday night at the Democratic National Convention, pointedly diverging from the more foreboding tone of the previous week's Republican event.

Mr. Obama offered an enthusiastic endorsement of Hillary Clinton, saying “nobody [is] more qualified” to be president, and galvanized delegates at the convention in Philadelphia by drawing a sharp contrast with the dark portrait of the country described by Republican nominee Donald Trump.

""I am more optimistic about the future of America than ever before,"" Obama said as delegates cheered at the Wells Fargo Center. ""America is already great. America is already strong,"" he said, referring to Mr. Trump's promise to ""make America great again.""

""And I promise you, our strength, our greatness, does not depend on Donald Trump,"" the president added.

As Mrs. Clinton, formerly secretary of State and first lady, became the first woman to gain the presidential nomination of a major party on Tuesday, a sense of looking forward to the future emerged as a theme of the party's convention: largely hopeful, but with sharp criticism of a potential Trump administration.

""Our convention is going to be optimistic, it’s going to be hopeful, and it’s going to be talking about specific plans,"" Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook told reporters Monday morning. As The Christian Science Monitor’s Amanda Paulson reports:

And so far, that’s largely been the case, even down to the signs distributed for delegates to wave on the floor: “Love Trumps Hate.” “Stronger Together.” “Rise Together.” If Trump titled his book “Crippled America” and declared himself the “law-and-order candidate,” the only one who can fix a rigged system and “make America great again,” the themes echoed by speaker after speaker in Philadelphia have been ones of togetherness, diversity, and an emphasis on American values of inclusion rather than a need to close off borders.

But despite the optimism evoked by many speakers, including first lady Michelle Obama and Sen. Cory Booker of New Jersey, Democrats could face an uphill battle. Trump’s narrative of an America divided along class and racial lines, and his accusations that the system is “rigged” against people still struggling economically, tap into many Americans' growing sense of distrust, particularly of political leaders in Washington.

Trump’s message also reveals a divide on optimism that exists along both partisan and racial lines, Ms. Paulson notes. A poll conducted by the Atlantic and the Aspen Institute last year found that less than half of white Americans believe the country’s “best days” lie ahead of it, compared to about 80 percent of African Americans, she writes.

On Twitter, Trump waved off Obama's depiction of the country.

On the convention’s third day, many speakers focused on Trump’s own record, with vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine noting the businessman’s lack of political experience, calling him “a one-man wrecking crew” who could not be trusted in the White House.

Attention now turns to whether Clinton, who is set to speak on the convention’s final day Thursday, can make a convincing argument for staking out her own path while also delivering on promises to continue Obama’s legacy, the Associated Press reported.

She has focused on addressing income inequality, student debt, tightening gun control and reigning in Wall Street, seeking to woo supporters of Sen. Bernie Sanders, who mounted a strong challenge to Clinton by focusing particularly on a sense that many Americans are struggling economically. On Monday, Senator Sanders offered an enthusiastic endorsement of Clinton, saying he was ""proud to stand with her.""

Some Clinton delegates say the Democrats’ optimism also offers a counterbalance to Trump’s focus on looking backward.

“I think there are solutions, moving forward solutions, and I don’t want to go back to the 1950s, thank you very much,” Bear Atwood, a lawyer from Mississippi, told the Monitor earlier this week. “Where’s the perfect moment? I think it’s ahead of us.""

This article includes material from Reuters and the Associated Press.",1
5183,Why the DNC's mysteriously hacked oppo file on Trump is a big yawn,"First we were told that a Russian hacker had broken into the Democratic National Committee’s computers and gotten hold of its oppo file on Donald Trump.

Now someone who goes by 'Guccifer 2.0,' a nod to the shadowy Romanian hacker, is claiming credit for putting the Trump file out there. Gawker and the Smoking Gun both published the report yesterday.

But what I find so amusing is that the opposition research file is hardly filled with secret stuff, the product of private eyes digging up dirt or hired-gun sleuths poring over documents. This supposed treasure trove, submitted in December, consists mainly of published articles and televised segments.

In other words, it’s all out there. You can Google it. Any reasonably sentient media consumer would know this stuff. It’s what we in the journalism racket call a clip job.

“Trump is Loyal only to Himself.”

“Trump’s Business Have Gone into Bankruptcy Several Times.”

“He Has Devalued and Demeaned Women Repeatedly Throughout His Career.”

“Out of Touch/Hand-Outs for the Wealthy at the Expense of the Middle Class.”

And the sources? Wall Street Journal, AP, Politico, Washington Post, Forbes, etc.

Trump, for his part, isn’t buying the DNC explanation that this is the work of some nefarious outside hacker. “Much of it is false and/or entirely inaccurate,” he says in a statement. “We believe it was the DNC that did the ‘hacking’ as a way to distract from the many issues facing their deeply flawed candidate and failed party leader. Too bad the DNC doesn’t hack Crooked Hillary’s 33,000 missing emails.”

Now that sounds far-fetched as well. Not only is there nothing new here, but no one can absorb 200 pages at once. Why not dribble out the attacks, package them as talking points, put them in attack ads, rather than create a bogus hacking story and dump it all out there? Or dress it up with some narrative and release it as a report?

What we have here, whether it was done by Guccifer 2.0 or whoever, is a 21st-century Watergate. Instead of burglars breaking into DNC headquarters, a crime that led to the downfall of Richard Nixon’s presidency, we have cyberwarfare against DNC computers, only aimed at the de facto Republican nominee, and winding up in the now-bankrupt, sex-tape-publishing Gawker rather than the Washington Post.

Simply vacuuming up negative material on a candidate doesn’t work in today’s cluttered media environment. Trump has been awash in negative media reports since he got into the race one year ago. The trick to getting traction is by packaging some of the stuff in a way that it sticks—as the Democrats successfully did to Mitt Romney, and the Republicans to John Kerry.

Instead, the oppo file itself has become news—in a fleeting way that guarantees it will quickly become non-news.

Howard Kurtz is a Fox News analyst and the host of ""MediaBuzz"" (Sundays 11 a.m. and 5 p.m. ET). He is the author of five books and is based in Washington. Follow him at @HowardKurtz. Click here for more information on Howard Kurtz.",1
2822,Hillary Clinton: ‘No role whatsoever for American soldiers on the ground’ in Iraq,"HAMPTON, N.H. -- Hillary Rodham Clinton said Friday that she sees ""no role whatsoever for American soldiers on the ground to go back"" to Iraq as the Islamic State terrorist group makes gains.

The remarks by Clinton -- who has disavowed her own 2003 vote for the Iraq war as a senator -- come amid growing fervor among Republicans to send ground forces back to Iraq in some capacity to assist the Baghdad government in its battle with Islamic State, which earlier this week overran the city of Ramadi.

The Democratic front-runner made her comments during a brief news conference here at a brewery following a roundtable discussion with small-business leaders.

""I think it's a very difficult situation and I basically agree with the policies that we are currently following,"" Clinton said. ""And that is, American air support is available. American intelligence and surveillance is available. American trainers are trying to undo the damage that was done to the Iraqi army by former prime minister Maliki, who bears a very big part of the responsibility for what is happening inside of Iraq today.""

But she said ""this has to be fought by and won by Iraqis. There is no role whatsoever for American soldiers on the ground to go back, other than in the capacity as trainers and advisers.""

The large field of Republicans vying for the 2016 nomination has set a hawkish tone and all have called on the United States to do more in Iraq, with varying degrees of specificity. Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.), who is running mostly on national security issues, has called for sending 10,000 U.S. troops into the country, and others -- including former Texas governor Rick Perry and pediatric neurosurgeon Ben Carson have advocated for an unspecified number.",1
4305,Donald Trump: The key to his success (Opinion),"It seems almost quaint, really, to go back to the start of this presidential campaign when the question du jour was whether Chris ""just-sit-down-and-shut-up"" Christie was too much of a bully to become president. Temperament, it seems, was a requirement.

Or even go back to Hillary Clinton's 2008 derision of Barack Obama as not ready to be president and take that 3 a.m. phone call about a national security crisis. Experience and depth of knowledge was also an issue.

But that's ancient history. Somehow, the notions of temperament and experience have been overtaken by the desire -- at least according to the polls so far in the GOP race -- for what passes as a show of strength, unbound by convention and unattached to complexity. Donald Trump, the undisputed frontrunner, reigns supreme, no matter what the half-formed solutions. As in: Muslims are trying to kill us, so let's keep them out. Illegal immigrants are ""raping"" and taking our jobs, so let's keep them out. Civility -- now called political correctness -- is ruining our national conversation, so let's abandon it.

The cliché is that presidential elections are about change, and that's true. Only this one may be about sea-change.

This is not something that comes from nowhere, out of the blue. Americans are, with good reason, truly afraid. According to our CNN polling , nearly two thirds believe an act of terrorism is likely in the homeland -- and that poll was taken before the carnage of San Bernardino. Eighty-one percent are convinced that the terrorists are here, living among us -- a completely rational conclusion.

Even more important -- and here's the key to Donald Trump's kingdom -- voters believe the political system, including (and maybe most of all) the President, have completely and utterly failed to get a handle on, or even appear to have a strategy for, security. And why would anybody blame anyone for thinking that? Sixty-eight percent say America's response to ISIS has not been tough enough, and a slightly smaller number say that when we do take action (in Iraq and Syria,) we fail. And that's not just among Republicans: Majorities in both parties say the United States has been ineffective in its response to the terror threat. This is not a new storyline. So this particular election-year story has all of the following: Disaffected and frustrated voters. Ineffective president. A level of public fear that has been rising steadily for at least a handful of years. Throw in anger at the collapsing political system, the establishment and the media, and Trump appears onstage like a vision emerging out of the clouds: the dark knight of our politics. Donald Trump is no fool. He's an experienced opportunist. He knows full well that he has stepped into a leadership vacuum that exists in American politics, and has been around for some time: Why should the American public have any respect at all for its institutions when they have been failing? When Congress can't legislate, or even behave? When the President -- elected with such high hopes -- fails to inspire or connect or even explain strategy? When others running for president often look like they're made of the same torn fabric, just with different holes? Trump flouts the conventions, and plays to fears. But for now, at least, it doesn't matter. In a large field of GOP candidates, Trump's solid core of support among one-third of Republicans -- a minority -- is enough to keep him on top, and any Republican running would like to have his numbers. His latest gambit -- a vague proposal to keep Muslims out of the country until ""our country's representatives can figure out what's going on"" is pure bombast, delivered to rally the faithful -- and he'll probably get a bump in the polls out of it. Jeb Bush calls it ""unhinged."" His fellow Republicans also punch at it, to varying degrees. But, for now at least, they're just punching jello. And hoping he doesn't break the mold.",1
1786,"For First Time, Trump Shrinks In Spotlight; Fiorina Steals Show","For First Time, Trump Shrinks In Spotlight; Fiorina Steals Show

Donald Trump was once again at center stage at Wednesday night's debate hosted by CNN — the second debate among the GOP candidates for president This time, however, he had a harder time holding the spotlight.

Again and again throughout the seemingly interminable three-hour spectacle, the attention of the audience migrated to the the smallest figure on the set: Carly Fiorina.

It could be lost on no one that Fiorina was the only woman in the cast of 11 hopefuls, nor that she had been admitted to the group only after CNN altered its original rules to take note of her recent surge in the polls. Even with this upgrade, propelled by her standout performance in the August debate among the lesser candidates, Fiorina has been languishing in the low single digits in most national polls.

That could be about to change. Any leveling off in Trump's astonishing trajectory will create a need for new storylines, and Fiorina seems poised to provide.

The other outsider phenomenon, Ben Carson, did not shine as brightly in the CNN event as he had on Fox in August. Soft-spoken and mild-mannered, the neurosurgeon disagreed with Trump about vaccines and autism but shied from any real conflict with him on the issue. At other times he seemed vague in explaining his 2003 Iraq War position and his willingness to de-emphasize armed conflict.

Fiorina, however, was a picture of decisiveness and to-the-point presentation. Like the consummate sales professional she is, Fiorina came armed with pithy, precise answers. She had neatly anticipated nearly all the questions thrown her way — including the ones she seized in the general scramble for air and camera time.

She was ready with the exact dimensions of the larger military she wanted, and the specifics of rebuttal to attacks on her stewardship of Hewlett-Packard. Trump made repeated, rather clumsy thrusts at Fiorina's executive history. She whipped them back at him with replies that cracked in the air.

The Trump show in general did not seem as dominating as in the first debate, or in the many news cycles since, when anything and everything he said made headlines. Wags soon dubbed the night ""Lady and the Trump,"" but that was not the whole story, either.

Trump was also set upon by a pack of his opponents, several of whom seemed to have boned up on his history of casino bankruptcies. He fended these off with breezy references to the way business works, but these did not seem to be working as well as in the past. Jeb Bush, though still a bit ill at ease, made his arguments with dignity and seriousness and jousted in his own restrained way with Trump (as well as with Rand Paul and others).

Much has been written and said about Trump's capturing the imagination of the white, older, working-class voters within the Republican electorate. This he has done, but not by himself. He has had an assist from the wide-eyed media, promoting the ""Summer of Trump"" with wonder and hunger for more. At times, on this night, there were signs that this dynamic was losing some of its energy, that the shtick might be beginning to wear thin.

This impression crept in despite the effects of the CNN debate format, which allowed any candidate mentioned by name to respond to that mention. As most of the candidates were, in varying degrees, gunning for Trump, moderator Jake Tapper was continually turning to The Donald for replies. Intended or not, this device kept the billionaire the center of attention even when Tapper was trying to distribute the airtime more equitably.

Still, there was more than enough running room for Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz. The senators from Florida and Texas fired the broadsides against both the Obama administration and the masters of the Senate that have been their stock-in-trade since the Tea Party movement first sent them to Washington.

Both did well at connecting with hardcore conservatives who agree the GOP leaders in Congress are useless. Rubio did so with more human appeal, however, using his remarkably empathetic facial appeal. Cruz seemed intent on softening his image, tossing verbal bouquets to his wife and his parents.

Chris Christie also seemed to thrive in the mix on this occasion. This in part because he interrupted the Trump-Fiorina fussing over who had done what in business. ""The 55-year-old construction worker who's out of a job doesn't care about your careers,"" Christie scolded. And he reinforced the point in an eloquent closing statement about refocusing national policy to benefit ordinary Americans.

John Kasich, the governor of Ohio, once again offered a mix of high-level resume and aw-shucks Americana, tossing out more numbers than any of his data-happy rivals but still managing to be more boyish than wonkish. Kasich surely has the credentials to be legitimate in this race, but he remains the credential candidate in an anti-establishment and even anti-credential year.

Among those getting the short end of the attention supply was Scott Walker, the governor of Wisconsin. Walker had his lines down as well as anyone, but they all seemed to go back to Madison in 2011 and the massive protests against his first budget. Walker has raised eyebrows in the past by saying his facedown of these protests proved he could tame ISIS, Vladimir Putin and the ayatollahs of Iran. But he was back on that theme again Wednesday night.

Rand Paul provided multiple moments of dissent, opposing not only the Iraq War of 2003 but also the proposals to intervene in the Middle East today. Mike Huckabee was reliable on the issue of religious liberty, which he defined as including the right of Kentucky county clerk Kim Davis to defy the Supreme Court and deny marriage licenses to same-sex couples.

One final note about the ""happy hour"" debate that preceded the main event. Both Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal and Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina turned in sharp performances, with Jindal stressing harsh anti-Obama rhetoric and Graham a grim assessment of threats to national security — replete with a pledge to return more ""boots on the ground"" to the Middle East. The difference was that Graham mixed in a strong dose of sly Carolina humor, eliciting chuckles and even guffaws for things like a pledge to have ""more drinking"" in Washington.

As the Fiorina promotion this time around proved so worthwhile, perhaps in the future the GOP and sponsoring media will see fit to elevate the unofficial winner of each ""undercard debate"" to participate in the main event in the next round. It could become a kind of tradition. Provided of course that the undercard debate survives another round in this campaign.",1
2057,Scott Walker's stealth 2016 strategy,A verdict in 2017 could have sweeping consequences for tech startups.,1
4601,Let’s Make 2016 the Last Endless American Election,"Enough Is Enough

If we really want to do something about the worst effects of our electoral process, let’s start by simply having less of it.

You might think that Hillary Clinton has been running for president for, well, ever — but technically she began her campaign on April 12th last year, 18 months ago. Donald Trump launched his bid for the White House a more restrained 15 months ago. But if you want a real contrast, cross the Atlantic. I once ran elections in the UK, where the typical length of a campaign is not 18 or 15 months but four or five weeks.

Look, I get it about the constitution, free speech and all that. Believe me: As a recent(ish) immigrant, living in Silicon Valley, having taught at Stanford and started a business here, I have all the zeal of the convert. I truly think that America is the greatest nation on earth, and I feel profoundly lucky to be able to be part of it.

But can we just talk about the election process for a moment? Is there a single person in this country who feels better able to choose between Trump and Clinton today than a year ago? What have we learned about these candidates that we couldn’t have discovered over the course of the nine weeks since Labor Day? Nine weeks is double the length of a general election campaign in the UK. I’m not saying British democracy is perfect, not by a long way. But at least the flaws aren’t inflicted on the population on a continuous basis.

The most common thing I hear people saying about the election right now is “Please let it be over!” Of course, you could argue that the reason is not so much the length of the process but the uniquely polarizing nature of the major party nominees this time, and the fact that unusually, they were both well-known to the American people before they even entered the race. If two relatively obscure candidates had been nominated, perhaps the cries of pain from the public wouldn’t be quite as anguished.

There’s more to this question, though, than familiarity with — or contempt for — any individual politician at any given time. The length of election campaigns in America causes real, structural problems throughout our democratic system, regardless of who the candidates are.

First, the relentless posturing involved in near-permanent campaigns contributes to the hyper-partisanship that makes reasonable debate on public policy issues increasingly difficult. An environment where any half-thoughtful comment can almost instantly find its way into an overnight online attack ad is one that incentivizes politicians to put ‘messaging’ ahead of problem-solving, and that’s not good.

For example, I agree with Hillary Clinton’s emphasis on the importance of early intervention and parenting support as one of the best ways to tackle poverty and inequality. But if elected, I expect her administration would approach this priority in a disastrously old-fashioned, top-down, bureaucratic way that would end in failure.

No candidate of either party could say that: it’s too nuanced a position. With most members of Congress literally starting their next election campaign the day after this one has ended, you won’t see any of them move beyond yelling platitudes like “nanny state” or “war on women.”

For a start, it means that it’s harder for people who are not wealthy to run for office. Who has the time and the resources to take two years off work to get elected? Rich people, that’s who. It’s no surprise that the proportion of millionaires in Congress is at an all-time high.

More than that, the cost of lengthy political campaigns is a direct factor in the systemic corruption that is such a notable feature of American democracy. In fact, if you look at what actually happens in Congress and in state legislatures, it is difficult to argue that America is in any meaningful sense of the word a democracy at all. It is a donocracy, where the funders of election campaigns literally buy the outcomes they want from the political system.

Look too at the role of organized labor, providing campaign infrastructure, volunteers, get out the vote operations. None of that would be touched by campaign finance reform. And then look what the unions get in return: in my home state of California, budgets that increase compensation for corrections officers while cutting spending on public schools and state universities. Way to go, progressives!

The truth is that even if Clinton wins, and by some miracle enacts some version of campaign finance reform, the assorted lobbyists, bloodsuckers, sleazebags and other hangers-on in Washington DC will breathe a huge sigh of relief because they know that for them, life in our nation’s capital will go on as corruptly as before.

No, if we really want to do something about the worst effects of our electoral process, let’s start by simply having less of it. Think of it like pollution control: it doesn’t make the problem go away, but it does make the world a bit less toxic. Radically shortening election campaigns is no more a silver bullet than changing the law on political donations. But it would make a big difference, and has the advantage of being easier to implement.",1
1996,Going Back to the Future in 2016?,"(CNN) Who among the nascent field of 2016 contenders represents the future? For half of Americans, it's Hillary Clinton.

Asked in a new CNN/ORC poll whether seven possible candidates better represent the future or the past, 50% said Clinton evoked the future, more than said so of any other candidate. By contrast, Joe Biden and Jeb Bush, whose names have been in the political conversation even longer than Clinton's, were each seen as representing the past by 64% of Americans.

Even some relative newcomers to national politics are more closely linked to the past than the future. Half said New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie represents the past, while 43% said he represents the future. On Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul, 49% thought he represented the past, 41% the future. And 42% thought Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker represented the past, 39% the future.

Overall, across the field of seven, just two were deemed more ""future"" than ""past,"" and both were women: Clinton (50% future, 48% past) and Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren (46% future, 37% past).

Both Clinton and Warren prompt significant gender gaps, with women more likely than men to call each a representation of the future. Among men, 53% see Clinton as a representation of the past, while 55% of women see her representing the future. On Warren, women see her as more future than past by a 50% to 32% margin, while men split evenly, 43% on each side.

Democrats generally see their own possible presidential contenders as representative of the future. Among Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents, 74% called Clinton a candidate who represents the future, 61% said so of Warren and 51% of Biden.

Last month, Mitt Romney bowed out of the presidential race with a nod to his party's future, saying he hoped ""one of our next generation of Republican leaders, one who may not be as well-known as I am today"" would wind up better prepared to beat the eventual Democratic candidate.

But Republicans don't see the field as particularly future-oriented. Of the four Republican candidates tested, a majority of Republicans and Republican-leaning independents rated two of them as more representative of the future than the past, Walker (55%) and Paul (53%). Fewer saw Christie (49%) or Bush (47%) that way.

Walker gained ground among Republicans in the race for the party's presidential nomination, the poll showed, while Christie and Bush both faltered. The shuffling field also saw a double-digit gain in support for former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee, who now tops the field with 16%. The national survey found Huckabee closely followed by Bush at 14% (down 9 points), Walker at 11% (up 7 points) and Paul at 10%. Ben Carson lands in fifth with 8% and Chris Christie at sixth with 7% (down 6 points). No other candidate tops 5%.

Walker's gains are concentrated among older voters. He leads the field among those age 65 or up with 22%. Among Republicans under 50, Huckabee and Paul fare better than they do among their 65 and over counterparts.

Among conservative Republicans, it's a three-way tie: 15% each say they'd be most likely to support Bush, Huckabee and Walker, with 10% each behind Carson and Paul.

The poll finds less change on the Democratic side. Clinton still leads the field with 61%. Her next closest competitor, Biden, has gained six points since December and stands at 14%. Warren follows at 10%. Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, former Virginia Sen. Jim Webb and former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley all remain in the low single digits.

As overseas turmoil riles President Barack Obama's approval ratings for handling foreign affairs, terrorism now joins the economy at the top of voters' priority lists as the 2016 contest kicks off. Forty-two percent called terrorism an extremely important issue in their presidential vote, on par with the 41% calling the economy that important. Education (40% extremely important) and health care (39% extremely important) also rank near the top.

Sharp partisan divides in priorities emerge outside the economy and health care. On terrorism, 87% of Republicans and Republican-leaning independents say it's extremely or very important, compared with 78% of Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents. Republicans are more likely than Democrats to call illegal immigration an important issue (74% among Republicans vs. 55% among Democrats), while Democrats are more apt to prioritize the income gap (75% among Democrats vs. 45% among Republicans) and global warming (63% among Democrats vs. 23% of Republicans).

The CNN/ORC International poll was conducted February 12-15, 2015, and interviewed 1,027 adult Americans, including 436 Republicans and independents who describe themselves as Republican, and 475 Democrats and independents who describe themselves as Democrats. Results for all adults have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3 points. For results among Republicans or Democrats, it is 4.5 points.",1
4267,A bad night for front-runners and a good night for governors,"It was a tough night for front-runners in New Hampshire and a good night for governors.

Marco Rubio hit a wall named Chris Christie. Donald Trump couldn’t put down an aggressive Jeb Bush. And Ted Cruz had to issue a public apology to Ben Carson.

Christie was the relentless prosecutor. Bush was knowledgeable and, in contrast to some earlier performances, tough and direct. Ohio Gov. John Kasich carved out space as a candidate ready and willing to work across party lines.

Given the timing and the state of the Republican nomination contest, few debates have had the potential to shape the order of finish in a primary campaign more than Saturday night’s forum at Saint Anselm College. Trump holds a big lead. But the competition underneath him is fierce, and the outcome Tuesday likely to be consequential. Those with the most to lose were the ones who tried to make the most out of their time on stage.

No one had a rockier night than Rubio, the senator from Florida whose strong third-place finish in Iowa made him the candidate on the rise in the Republican presidential race. But under a blistering attack from Christie, who characterized him as a politician with no notable accomplishments who had run away from the immigration reform bill he had co-sponsored, Rubio faltered.

Rubio knew the attacks were coming, but instead of answering them directly, he sought to change the subject. Once, twice, three times he offered a quick counterpunch and then slid off the criticisms to turn to an attack on President Obama, repeating his language almost word for word and drawing boos from the audience.

When he accused Christie of having to be shamed into going back to New Jersey to deal with the recent snowstorm, Christie came roaring back. “That’s what Washington, D.C., does,” Christie said. “The drive-by shot at the beginning with incorrect and incomplete information and then the memorized 25-second speech that is exactly what his advisers gave him.”

What was most striking was the fact that Rubio played directly into the criticism that, while he is a gifted and natural communicator, he is overly scripted and returns to his standard stump speech as quickly as he can.

The strategy has worked for him in past debates, but repetition got the better of him on Saturday. Rubio wanted to debate Obama and Hillary Clinton, warning time and again that the president has deliberately led the country in the wrong direction and that Clinton would extend those policies. Those kinds of attacks bring cheers at his campaign rallies but were far less effective during Saturday’s debate.

In the later stages of the debate, Rubio seemed to regain his footing both on foreign policy and on a question about abortion in which he talked about the balance between a woman’s right to make her own decisions and the right of an unborn child to live.

Even when Bush drew a distinction with Rubio over whether there should be exceptions for rape, incest and life of the woman, which Bush favors, Rubio said he would sign a bill as president that included those exceptions but that he still stood by his personal convictions. Rubio said he would rather lose an election than be wrong on the issue.

Trump struggled when the subject of eminent domain, a hot-button issue for many conservatives who dislike government, was introduced. The billionaire builder initially offered a ringing defense of the practice of government taking private property for such projects as roads and bridges.

Bush countered, initially agreeing that eminent domain is necessary for the public good but then attacking Trump for attempting to use the practice to take property from an elderly woman in Atlantic City, N.J., for the purpose of a parking lot for one of his casinos.

Trump reverted to attacks he has long leveled at Bush — that he lacks strength or energy. “He wants to be a tough guy,” Trump said dismissively.

But Bush came right back at him: “How tough is it to take away a property from an elderly woman?” he said sarcastically.

When Trump told Bush to keep quiet, the audience let out another round of boos, to which Trump said, “That’s all his donors and special interests.”

Cruz, who won the Iowa caucuses, had two difficult moments at the start of the evening. The first came over criticism Cruz leveled at Trump earlier in the week, saying, “I don’t know anyone who would be comfortable with someone who behaves this way having his finger on the button.”

Trump was given the first word and defended himself. He reminded everyone that he had opposed the war in Iraq, adding, “I’m not the one with the trigger.”

“Other people up here, believe me, would be a lot faster,” he said.

When Cruz was asked to explain why he thought Trump lacked the temperament to be president, he ducked. “The assessment the voters are making here in New Hampshire and across the country is they are evaluating each and every one of us,” he said.

Reminded by ABC News anchor David Muir that he had not explained why he had made the earlier comment, Cruz ducked again.

Trump responded: “He didn’t answer your question. And that’s what’s going to happen with our enemies and the people we compete against. . . . People back down with Trump. And that’s what I like, and that’s what the country is going to like.”

That didn’t end the early hazing for Cruz. He was asked why his advisers had called Iowa volunteers on the night of the caucuses to say that Carson might be quitting the race and to encourage voters to back the senator from Texas.

Cruz blamed the problem on what he said was a misleading news report on CNN that he said was not corrected for several hours. But he also apologized to Carson and said he had done so the day after the caucuses.

Carson, in his typically quiet way, accepted the apology but not the explanation. “In fact, the timeline indicates that initial tweet from CNN was followed by another one within one minute that clarified that I was not dropping out,” he said.

More than in other previous debates, this one turned into governors against the others. The three share common experiences, and when they talk about one another, it’s clear there is mutual respect, though they are in a battle in which they cannot all survive. And whether by design or accident, the three seemed to reinforce one another in taking down the candidates who finished first, second and third in Iowa.

Christie delivered one of the strongest performances of the campaign, clearly determined to knock down Rubio, whom he described this past week as “a boy in the bubble.” Fighting for his political life, he was merciless in attacking Rubio for lacking the courage to fight for the immigration reform legislation that passed the Senate but faltered in the House.

Rubio countered by attacking Christie’s record in New Jersey, noting that the state has gone through repeated credit downgrades during his two terms. The audience seemed to side with Christie. Whether voters will do the same is the test for the next three days.

Kasich was the happy warrior, a governor who stressed jobs, the economy and dealing realistically with issues, not on the basis of pure ideology. Bush has tried for many months to make his record in Florida the centerpiece of his candidacy. Only now in these closing days has he appeared more comfortable as a candidate.

Saturday’s debate here offered a last opportunity for candidates to make a persuasive argument before a primary election likely to winnow the field of realistic hopefuls to four at most.

The New Hampshire electorate is famously fickle for upending front-runners and defying conventional wisdom and turning its back on winners in Iowa. A more charitable description is that this is a state where voters keep their options open as long as possible.

While it’s true that many voters have been locked in for weeks or months, a sizable number are spending these last few days shopping and pondering. They are at every rally on this final weekend, looking for that connection that tips them firmly in one direction or another.

That makes pollsters nervous and campaigns hopeful. The candidates know lightning can strike, and they grasp for every sign that it is happening to them. In the days after Iowa, there has been some movement in the polls but nothing definitive yet.

What makes this year’s GOP primary distinctive from past campaigns is the number of candidates on this final weekend who still think they have a chance to move on to succeeding rounds of primaries and caucuses. Saturday’s debate underscored both the sense of possibility and the sense of urgency that surrounds the last days of campaigning here.",1
3077,How public funding of elections makes politics even more polarized,"Public funding of elections — that is, relying on tax revenue more than private donations to fund candidate campaigns — is a popular campaign finance reform proposal, if one that many Americans don’t fully embrace.  Public funding is often thought to free candidates from the burden of fundraising and reduce the influence of wealthy donors and special interests.  That all sounds good.  Who likes “special interests,” after all?

Now, new research shows that public funding has an unexpected consequence: increased polarization.  That is, public funding makes it harder, not easier, to elect moderate candidates.

That is the conclusion of political scientist Andrew Hall.  He focuses on state legislative elections and compares trends in the five states that implemented robust public funding programs — Arizona, Connecticut, Maine, Minnesota, and Wisconsin — to trends in other states.  Here is what he finds:

Below is a graph showing the distribution of ideology (“NP scores”) in legislatures in states that implemented public financing (the “treated” states) and those that did not (the “control” states).  The first group of states became more polarized after the implementation of public financing.  But no such change occurred during this time in the states that didn’t implement public financing.

In a more elaborate statistical analysis, Hall examines the gap between Republican and Democratic legislators representing similar districts.  In a polarized legislature, a Republican and a Democrat will tend to vote in very different ways even though they represent essentially the same constituents.  Hall finds that public financing increases this gap between the parties by 30 percent.

Why does public financing appear to have this effect?  Hall argues that public financing weakens the influence of a maligned, but moderating, force in elections: access-oriented interest groups.  Public financing reduces the funding supplied by these groups by over $20,000 per race, on average.  The problem is that these groups give relatively little to ideologically extreme legislators and much more to moderates.  Individual donors, however, have no such preference.

This leads to a broader point about campaign finance and polarization.  Much of the debate over campaign finance is based on distinctions between “good” donors and “bad” donors.  Good donors are taxpayers, in a public financing system.  Or, in a privately funded system, good donors are ordinary citizens, sometimes called “small donors.”  Bad donors are political party organizations, wealthy people, political action committees, and interest groups.

The problem is that if you want to reduce polarization, this way of thinking about donors gets things exactly backward.  Small donors are a polarizing influence, as Adam Bonica has shown.  Meanwhile, wealthy people tend to be a moderating influence.  The same is true of many political action committees and interest groups.  The same is true of political party organizations, as Brian Schaffner and Ray La Raja argue in this post.

That’s not to say that there aren’t good reasons to favor public financing or small donors.  But favoring those things may also mean living with the trade-off: a more polarized, and probably less functional, politics.

Note: For a response, see this follow-up post by Seth Masket and Michael Miller.",1
2376,Gaming Obamacare,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
2570,Uncovered audio: Hillary was ‘adamantly against illegal immigrants’,"**Want FOX News First in your inbox every day? Sign up here.**

Buzz Cut:

 • Uncovered audio: Hillary was ‘adamantly against illegal immigrants’

 • Clintons on campaign cash: If disclosure ‘looks bad,’ don’t disclose

 • Where’s Jeb? The whale is getting ready to surface

 • Can Cameron come out ahead in U.K. kerfuffle?

 • But the caucuses were really something

UNCOVERED AUDIO: HILLARY WAS ‘ADAMANTLY AGAINST ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS’

 The RNC today is shelling presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in her bunker with newly uncovered audio from a 2003 radio interview she gave as a senator. Apparently asked about the issue of illegal immigration, which was a hot button in the state at the time, Clinton swung hard: “I am, you know, adamantly against illegal immigrants.” Clinton, on the campaign trail in Nevada Wednesday, promised to push for citizenship for those in the country illegally. She also vowed to go beyond President Obama’s executive amnesty for an estimated 5 million illegal immigrants if Republicans do not acquiesce. Obama’s order has so far been blocked by federal courts.

 

 In the audio from the RNC of what the committee says is Clinton’s interview with radio host John Gambling, Clinton calls for more border security and for employers to stop hiring illegal immigrants. “Come up to Westchester, go to Suffolk and Nassau counties, stand in the street corners in Brooklyn or the Bronx,” she is heard to complain “You’re going to see loads of people waiting to get picked up to go do yard work and construction work and domestic work.”

 

 CLINTONS GET CREATIVE ON CAMPAIGN CASH: IF DISCLOSURE ‘LOOKS BAD,’ DON’T DISCLOSE

 If you thought that Hillary Clinton would be more bashful about buckraking given the current scandals surrounding her family finances and those of its foundation, you haven’t been paying attention. Clinton is vacuuming up money in California this week, but behind the scenes her campaign is busy blurring lines on campaign cash. First, Clinton will do what Democrats once reviled and raise cash for her super PAC. President Obama endorsed his super PAC, but stopped short of plumping for checks. (Candidates can’t legally make the ask, but they can probably stand next to the guy with his hand out – wink-wink, nudge-nudge – and swear up and down that they are not coordinating their efforts.)

 

 Second, Clinton is so far not disclosing the identities of the bundlers, the mostly wealthy partisans who collect checks from their friends for campaigns. You know – bundlers. Releasing the names is not a legal requirement, but it has been standard practice for presidential candidates of both parties. You’d think Clinton would want to be more forthcoming about where her money comes from these days. But as her husband said​, “Any kind of disclosure is a target” that it “looks bad.” So the answer to the lengthening list of questions for the candidate and her campaign is less disclosure and more blurry fundraising lines.

 

 Who made varsity this season? - A memo obtained by Bloomberg gives all the names of Clinton’s campaign A-team this time around. Not a lot of familiar faces, signaling a desire for change in this election cycle.

 

 No pictures allowed, Clinton Foundation guests gather in Morocco - ABC News: “When ABC News producers attempted to take pictures of guests arriving at the front entrance, Moroccan police threatened their arrest. The foundation’s spokesman initially professed not to know where the reception was being held, and the location was among the only not included on schedules handed out to the media and published online.”

 

 Hillary personal email use ‘not acceptable’ says State Dept. - The Hill: ""Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s use of a personal email account run through a private server was 'not acceptable' and happened without officials’ knowledge, a top State Department record-keeper said on Wednesday. 'I think the message is loud and clear that that is not acceptable,' Joyce Barr, the State Department’s assistant secretary for the Bureau of Administration, testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee.""

 

 TRADE ROILS BOTH PARTIES AS AIR OBAMA HEADS TO NIKE

 As he laces up to tout his trade deal at Nike’s Oregon headquarters – an intriguing choice given the company’s sweat-shop past – President Obama’s push for fast track authority is proving to be far from a slam dunk in Congress. Indeed, with Obama pressing reluctant Democrats, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Speaker John Boehner are trying put a buzzer beater. But opposition to the deal is stiff on both sides of the aisle and the pact is no more popular with Sixteeners of both stripes. Breaking with GOP frontrunners who support the deal, presidential candidate Mike Huckabee trash-talked the trade pact, warning that American workers could “take it up the backside” under the current proposal. “Fast-track means nobody’s paying attention,” Huckabee said. Among Democrats, Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders and former Gov. Martin O’Malley are strongly opposed. And where is Hillary Clinton in all this? On the bench, where she says she’s “watching closely.”

 

 Bernie heckles - “Nike epitomizes why disastrous unfettered free-trade policies during the past four decades have failed American workers, eroded our manufacturing base and increased income and wealth inequality in this country,” Democratic candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders, D-Vt., penned in a letter to the president Tuesday. “Just don’t do it,” Sanders wrote.

 

 Why Nike? - National Journal takes a detailed look at the apparel giant, which is headquartered in the U.S. but does most of its business overseas: “Nike made $12.4 billion in profits last year, thanks in large part to 1 million subcontracted workers at factories primarily in low-wage countries in Asia. For years, the company has faced allegations that a number of those factories use sweatshop conditions and illegally low wages to produce sneakers and clothes that Nike then sells in much wealthier countries.”

 

 WITH YOUR SECOND CUP OF COFFEE…

 One of the most famous photographs in sports journalism is of the 1965 game between rival schools Deerfield Academy and Mount Hermon in which the game went on before full stands as a huge fire consumed Mount Hermon’s science building right behind the bleachers. Would you like to know the story behind the famous photo? NYT has the details: “Halftime came. Officials conferred about how to handle the nettlesome situation. In a decision that surely would not be made in today’s safety-conscious, litigious world, they decided it would be better if the teams just carried on. ‘We were told to suck it up and play,’ [one Mount Hermon player] recalled.”

 

 Got a TIP from the RIGHT or LEFT? Email FoxNewsFirst@FOXNEWS.COM

 

 POLL CHECK

 Real Clear Politics Averages

 Obama Job Approval: Approve – 46.1 percent//Disapprove – 49.2 percent

 Direction of Country: Right Direction – 29.5 percent//Wrong Track – 61.1 percent

 

 WHERE’S JEB? THE WHALE IS GETTING READY TO SURFACE

 As three more fish joined the growing school of Republican presidential candidates this week, the whale in the race, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush has be staying far below the surface. Bush has been quiet lately, with no public events and an under the radar op-ed in the Chicago Tribune. Some advisers told the WaPo not to expect an announcement for at least a month. But others have told Fox News First that the official announcement will be sooner than that and done in a low key manner – as might befit a candidate with 99 percent name recognition among Republican voters. (While a candidate like Scott Walker, still unknown to 1 in 5 Republicans in the latest WSJ/NBC News poll needs a lift from his eventual launch, Bush will be risk-averse.) So when does the whale of a candidate come to the surface? Perhaps his speech at Liberty University’s commencement this Saturday will be just that spray.

 

 How Jeb sank Christie - National Journal: “From the time a Bush candidacy started looking more likely, the wind came out of [New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie’s] presidential sails to the point when he was effectively dead in the water. It was mostly because Bush filled a void that Christie planned to fill in himself. The bridge mess was just icing on the cake.”

 

 [Gov. Christie starts another two-day tour through New Hampshire today.]

 

 Rubio snags top-drawer Nevada state director - Las Vegas Review-Journal: “U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio on Wednesday gained a strong ally when Lt. Gov. Mark Hutchison announced would be the Florida senator’s presidential campaign director in Nevada…[Hutchinson] noted Rubio’s family ties to the Silver State, having lived in Las Vegas for six months while growing up. His father was a bartender and his mother a maid.”

 

 Paul pays up for his own name - National Journal: “Days before [Rand Paul] launched his bid for president, his campaign shelled out more than $100,000 to a domain-buying firm to purchase a ‘domain name.’ Soon after, RandPaul.com, which had previously been a pro-Paul site run by his fans, emerged as the official portal for the campaign. Federal campaign records show Paul used his Senate reelection committee to pay $100,980 to Escrow.com, a domain service, on March 27.”

 

 Carson meets with community leaders in Baltimore - Baltimore Sun: “Dr. Ben Carson, the former Hopkins neurosurgeon who announced his candidacy for president this week, will visit with Baltimore faith and community leaders on Thursday...A spokeswoman did not respond to a request to clarify if Carson's visit is related to the Freddie Gray case. Carson is also set to speak to at a Maryland Right to Life banquet later Thursday evening in Woodlawn.”

 

 “And we have to re-instill that can-do attitude that is so important in our nation. It's what drove this nation from no place to the pinnacle of the world, and the highest pinnacle anybody else had ever reached. And it doesn't have anything to do with one's ethnicity. It has to do with the American spirit.” – Ben Carson on “The Kelly File.”

 

 Huckabee strategy: Focus south and skip New Hampshire - Union Leader: “That Huckabee question looms large as the GOP field expands and the former Arkansas governor is reported to be concentrating on the first caucuses in Iowa and the southern primaries in the weeks after New Hampshire’s leadoff contest…Huckabee received 26,916 votes in the New Hampshire primary in 2008. Chuck Norris is again on the Huckabee bandwagon. How many of his old friends in the Granite State will say the same?”

 

 As he cuts a deal with a former rival - The ad man famous for producing the “Willie Horton” ad in 1988, and working with Gov. Mitt Romney, R-Ma., in 2007 will host a Huckabee fundraiser in Phoenix on May 14, political strategist and producer Floyd Brown confirms to Bloomberg.

 

 [Day two of Huckabee’s “Factories, Farms and Freedom” tour includes meet & greets at Charlie’s American Grill in Sioux City and the Pizza Ranch in Cedar Rapids.]

 

 Perry defends tuition for illegal immigrants - Dallas Morning News: “[Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry] then had another chance to explain his support of the so-called Dream Act after a speech that focused on foreign policy. In answering a query from Jorge Baldor, founder of the Latino Center for Leadership Development, Perry said it made sense to educate children brought to the state illegally, but ‘through no fault of their own’…‘The fact is you’re either going to have givers or takers,’ Perry said, ‘If you’re not going to educate, and allow these kids to go through that process and become a giver, because they’ve been educated, then I would suggest you’ve been focused on the wrong issue.’”

 

 Santorum announces he’s announcing – Former Sen. Rick Santorum, R-Pa., announced to Greta Van Susteren last night that he will announce his 2016 plans in his home state on May 27. Watch the clip here.

 

 Fiorina rollout rolls on - Carly Fiorina gives a speech at a Dallas County GOP event in West Des Moines, Iowa and hosts a few meet and greets today.

 

 Snyder not running? – Despite murmurings of a potential run two sources tell Politico Gov. Rick Snyder, R-Mich., is not running. A Snyder spokesperson declined to comment.

 

 Campaign cinema - Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., has a new campaign video out today that highlights his vision of a new America with a New Hampshire backdrop. Gov. Rick Perry, R-Texas, also uses New Hampshire to show his connections with voters.  Gov. Mike Huckabee’s video focuses on commitment to family and faith.

 

 CHANGES TO THE IOWA STRAW POLL LOOK GOOD FOR CANDIDATES

 The traditional Iowa straw poll will be a little different this time around with a lot less pressure on the candidates. The event hosts are taking a lot of the cost for real estate and food on themselves, but candidates now need to be nationally viable candidates that are part of the discussion. Check out this op-ed for all the details.

 

 THE JUDGE’S RULING: DEFLATE THE PATRIOT ACT

 With the Patriot Act up for renewal on May 31 Senior Judicial Analyst Judge Andrew Napolitano analyzes the constitutional complications of the law and a growing movement called ‘Restore the Fourth,’ that advocates ending the Patriot Act under the Fourth Amendment. President Obama and Republicans agree on the renewal, but should they? Read here for the judge’s take.

 

 CAN CAMERON COME OUT AHEAD IN U.K. KERFUFFLE?

 Voting is in full swing in Britain and polls won’t close until 5 p.m. ET. What will happen? No one seems to know except that result will be messy as either of the two major parties are likely to need the help of at least one smaller group – liberals, Scottish separatists, anti-European Unionists, etc. – to build a majority coalition. Lacking an executive branch, Britain’s system gives control of the entire government to the party which wins a vote equivalent to the vote for speaker of the House of Representatives in the U.S. With polls showing neither the Labour nor Conservative parties likely able to win the 326 seats necessary to win an outright majority, control of the government for America’s most important ally will hinge on deal making with the niche parties. Can Prime Minister David Cameron and his Tories cling to power? Will Scots have their revenge by helping Ed Miliband and Labour topple the current ruling coalition? It is quite likely to be a mess. Lucky for you then that SkyNews will have all of the details.

 

 Bibi survives with last-minute deal - AP: “Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Wednesday completed the formation of a new coalition government, reaching a last-minute deal with a nationalist party just before a midnight deadline. The late-night deal saved Netanyahu from the unthinkable scenario of being forced from office. But it set the stage for the formation of a narrow coalition dominated by hard-line and religious parties that appears to be on a collision course with the U.S. and other allies.”

 

 BIG NAMES LINE UP FOR MEMORIAL DAY PARADE

 The list of participants and entertainers for the May 25 National Memorial Day Parade on the National Mall is out this morning: Actors Gary Sinise and Joe Mantegna; television chef Robert Irvine; musicians Billy Corgan of Smashing Pumpkins, Caleb Johnson from American Idol and country singer Beau Davidson; Miss America 2015 Kira Kazantsev, TNA Wrestling stars including Army vet Chris Melendez; and martial music and displays from the Marine Corps Equestrian Color Guard, the U.S. Army Band and marching platoons from all service branches. Get more info from American Veterans Center.

 

 BUT THE CAUCUSES WERE REALLY SOMETHING

 Reuters: “The Australian Sex Party, a tiny party known for its salacious name and election day antics, said on Thursday that it had been deregistered after the country’s election watchdog ruled it did not have enough activists. Co-founder Robbie Swan said in a statement that the party would ‘vigorously’ appeal a decision handed down by the Australian Election Commission (AEC) that removed its official status following a review of its membership. Under Australian law a political party must have either an elected representative in the federal parliament or 500 members to keep its registration. The Sex Party has one lawmaker in the Victoria state legislature, but none at federal level.”

 

 AND NOW A WORD FROM CHARLES…

 “[President Bill Clinton] said there was a guy who said he put the information in the wrong box, and now he says we have no idea how this information was left out. It’s sort of amusing.  It reminds you of what they said about a lot of other stuff they lied about consistently in the ‘90s.  And this is just a guarantee that if we elect Hillary, we’re going to get this for another eight years.” – Charles Krauthammer  on “Special Report with Bret Baier.”

 

 Chris Stirewalt is digital politics editor for Fox News.  Want FOX News First in your inbox every day? Sign up here.

Chris Stirewalt joined Fox News Channel (FNC) in July of 2010 and serves as digital politics editor based in Washington, D.C.  Additionally, he authors the daily ""Fox News First"" political news note and hosts ""Power Play,"" a feature video series, on FoxNews.com. Stirewalt makes frequent appearances on the network, including ""The Kelly File,"" ""Special Report with Bret Baier,"" and ""Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace.""  He also provides expert political analysis for Fox News coverage of state, congressional and presidential elections.",1
4375,Obama says world should address ‘grievances’ that terrorists exploit,"President Obama defended his administration’s approach to the terror threat at a White House summit Wednesday, standing by claims that groups like the Islamic State do not represent Islam -- as well as assertions that job creation could help combat extremism.

Obama, addressing the Washington audience on the second day of the summit, said the international community needs to address “grievances” that terrorists exploit, including economic and political issues.

He stressed that poverty alone doesn’t cause terrorism, but “resentments fester” and extremism grows when millions of people are impoverished.

“We do have to address the grievances that terrorists exploit including economic grievances,” he said.

He also said no single religion was responsible for violence and terrorism, adding he wants to lift up the voice of tolerance in the United States and beyond.

Obama’s address came as Republican lawmakers and others criticized the administration for declining to describe the threat as Islamic terrorism.

State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf has also come under fire for suggesting several times this past week that more jobs could help address the terrorism crisis.

On Tuesday, Rob O'Neill, former Navy SEAL Team 6 member who claims to have fired the shot that killed Usama bin Laden, told Fox News: ""They get paid to cut off heads -- to crucify children, to sell slaves and to cut off heads and I don't think that a change in career path is what's going to stop them.""

Obama also called on Muslim leaders to “do more to discredit the notion that our nations are determined to suppress Islam, that there is an inherent clash in civilizations.”

Obama acknowledged that some Muslim-Americans have concerns about working with the government, particularly law enforcement, and that their reluctance “is rooted in the objection to certain practices where Muslim-Americans feel they’ve been unfairly targeted.”

He said it was important it make sure that abuses stop and are not repeated and that “we do not stigmatize entire communities.” He also said it was vital that “no one is profiled or put under a cloud of suspicion simply because of their faith.”

Although Obama called for a renewed focus on preventing terrorists from recruiting and inspiring others, some thought his message seemed to miss the mark.

“He was meandering, unfocused and weak,” said Richard Grenell, former U.S. spokesman at the United Nations during the George W. Bush administration and a Fox News contributor. “He was talking about isolating terrorists. He doesn’t understand the threat that we face… People are being burned in cages and he’s talking about more investments?”

Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, in an interview with Fox News, called Obama an ""apologist for radical Islamic terrorists."" And he mocked the president for recently comparing modern-day atrocities to those committed during the Crusades.

""I don't think it's too much to ask the president to stay in the current millennia,"" Cruz said, describing the rhetoric as ""bizarre politically correct double-speak.""

Recent Fox News polling showed most voters think Obama should be tougher on Islamic extremists. It showed 68 percent think Obama should be tougher; only 26 percent said he's being tough enough.

The poll of 1,044 registered voters was taken Feb. 8-10. It had a margin of error of 3 percentage points.

Leaders from 60 different countries traveled to Washington for the summit this week.

Community leaders from Boston, Minneapolis and Los Angeles were also in attendance and discussed how their cities could help empower communities to protect themselves against extremist ideologies.",1
781,"Press must share the blame: The shallow, ratings-obsessed media is as responsible for Trump as the GOP","“I’m going to walk away with it and win outright. I’m going to get in and all the polls are going to go crazy. I’m going to suck all the oxygen out of the room. I know how to work the media in a way that they will never take the lights off of me.” – Donald Trump

Donald Trump’s blend of bombast, amorality and media savvy has carried him to the Republican nomination. He’s proven that an ability to dominate coverage and dictate the narrative is sufficient in today’s political climate. None of this is surprising: Trump’s a TV man with a gift for self-promotion. His entire career has been preparation for this moment, this campaign. He saw our broken, perverted process with clear eyes and he’s exploited it with aplomb.

You have to give him credit for that.

While the Republican Party is ultimately responsible for Trump (they welcomed him into their big tent, after all), the media is equally culpable for the calamity that is his candidacy. Every American is entitled to be as undiscerning and uncritical as they like. There’s nothing in the social contract that demands voters educate themselves. A democracy, for the most part, can tolerate its share of credulous citizens. But the media has a special obligation in a free society. It’s the only profession protected by the U.S. Constitution for a reason: it’s a check on power and a gadfly for crooked politicians and abusers of power.

The media has failed spectacularly this election. “It [Trump’s campaign] may not be good for America,” said Les Moonves, the CEO and executive chairman of CBS, “but it’s damn good for CBS..Man, who would have expected the ride we’re all having right now? The money’s rolling in and this is fun. I’ve never seen anything like this, and this is going to be a very good year for us. Sorry. It’s a terrible thing to say. But, bring it on, Donald. Keep going.” This is the plundering reaction Trump expected. “They will never take the lights off of me,” he famously said to Republican officials two years before announcing his candidacy.

Importantly, Trump also understood how to navigate the process without engaging issues that matter. To call his campaign substance-free is too generous. It’s been a cavalcade of insults and ethno-nationalist dog-whistling, punctuated by populist platitudes. If we had a functional media, Trump would be challenged by journalists and anchors. Instead, they’re too busy monitoring the ratings to notice he’s using them to prop up his campaign.

Part of the problem, as Columbia journalism professor Todd Gitlin notes in The Washington Post, is that Trump has “cracked the campaign reporters’ code.” Gitlin writes: “Trump regularly runs circles around interviewers because they pare their follow-up questions down to a minimum, or none at all. After 30-plus years in the media spotlight, he knows how to wait out an interviewer, offering noncommittal soundbites and incoherent rejoinders until he hears the phrase, ‘let’s move on.’ He takes advantage of the slipshod, shallow techniques journalism has made routine, particularly on TV – techniques that, in the past, were sufficient to trup up less-media-savvy candidates – but that Trump knows how to sidestep.” Examples of this abound. Gitlin cites interview after interview in which Trump rope-a-dopes reporters when they ask questions he can’t answer or when they suggest, however passively, that he’s wrong or lied about the record. “Trump is a master of darting from slogan to slogan,” Gitlin writes. “That’s why interviewers must do their homework and be prepared to go at least 2-3 questions deep on any issue.” Great idea, but it’s difficult to dive deep when interviewers are forced to shoehorn serious questions in limited time between competing toothpaste commercials. Trump gets away with this because of the mutually beneficial relationship he has with the press. He knows people like Moonves are interested in selling penis pill ads, not informing the electorate. Voters, for their part, are happy to project whatever they want onto the empty vessel that is Trump. Meanwhile, the truth is an afterthought and the whole sordid circus continues unimpeded. Gitlin urges journalists “to honor the good name of their profession and take off the kid gloves.” Sound advice, but I’m not holding my breath.",1
2619,"Netanyahu: Iran A Threat to Israel, the World","""If the deal now being negotiated is accepted by Iran, that deal will not prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons - it will all but guarantee that Iran will get those nuclear weapons, lots of them,"" the Israeli leader said in a 39-minute speech to the U.S. Congress that offered a point-by-point critique of Obama's Iran diplomacy.

In an appearance that strained U.S.-Israeli relations and was boycotted by dozens of Obama's fellow Democrats, Netanyahu said Iran's leadership was ""as radical as ever,"" could not be trusted and the deal being worked out with world powers would not block Iran's way to a bomb ""but paves its way to a bomb.""

""This deal won't be a farewell to arms, it will be a farewell to arms control ... a countdown to a potential nuclear nightmare,"" Netanyahu told lawmakers and visitors in the House of Representatives. His speech drew 26 standing ovations.

Netanyahu's speech culminated a diplomatic storm triggered by his acceptance in January of a Republican invitation that bypassed the White House and Obama's fellow Democrats, many of whom considered it an affront to the president.

Obama refused to meet Netanyahu, saying that doing so just ahead of Israel's March 17 general election would be seen as interference. Aides to Obama said he would not be watching the speech, broadcast live on U.S. television.

Underscoring the partisan divide over Netanyahu's address, House of Representatives Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said afterwards that as a friend of Israel, she was near tears during his speech, calling it ""an insult to the intelligence of the United States."" She said she was ""saddened by the condescension toward our knowledge of the threat posed by Iran.""

Netanyahu entered the chamber to a cacophony of cheers and applause, shaking hands with dozens of lawmakers, including House Speaker John Boehner, before taking a podium and telling lawmakers he was deeply humbled.

At the start of the speech, he sought to defuse the intense politicization of his appearance, which has hardened divisions between Republicans and Democrats over the White House's approach to stopping Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons.

He said he was grateful to Obama for his public and private support of Israel, including U.S. military assistance and contributions to Israel's Iron Dome anti-missile system.

""I regret that some see my appearance here as political,"" he said. ""I know that no matter which side of the aisle you sit on, you stand with Israel.""

Although given the cold shoulder by the U.S. administration, Netanyahu on Monday offered an olive branch, saying he meant no disrespect to Obama by accepting an invitation to speak to U.S. lawmakers that was orchestrated by the president's rival Republicans.

On Tuesday, Netanyahu appeared to offer another possible avenue for an Iran deal but put very strict conditions on it.

Having previously demanded a total elimination of Iranian nuclear projects with bomb-making potential, he said the United States should not ease its restrictions until Iran improves its overall conduct, a comment that could stiffen support among Republicans to maintain U.S. sanctions on Iran or seek to escalate them.

But the Israeli leader did not specifically call for new penalties, something Obama has said would undermine ongoing talks and would prompt a veto if passed by Congress.

""If the world powers are not prepared to insist that Iran change its behavior before a deal is signed they should at the very least be prepared to insist that Iran changes its behavior before the deal expires,"" Netanyahu said. The terms under consideration a suspension of restrictions on Iran's sensitive nuclear activities in as little as 10 years.

He added that while Israel and similarly minded Arab states might not like such a deal, ""we could live with it"".

He added that the drop in oil prices put the United States and other countries in a stronger position to negotiate with Iran.

""Iran's nuclear program can be rolled back well beyond the current proposal by insisting on a better deal and keeping up the pressure on a very vulnerable regime, especially given the recent collapse of the price of oil.""

As many as 60 of the 232 members of Congress from Obama's Democratic Party sat out the address to protest what they see as a politicization of Israeli security, an issue on which Congress is usually united.

The absence of so many lawmakers could raise political heat on Netanyahu at home. Many Israelis are wary of estrangement from a U.S. ally that provides their country with wide-ranging military and diplomatic support.

On Monday, Obama appeared to wave off any prospect that the bedrock U.S. alliance with Israel might be ruined by the rancor.

Netanyahu, a right-wing politician who has played up his security credentials, had denied his speech would have any design other than national survival.

He introduced Nobel peace laureate and Holocaust survivor Elie Wiesel, 86, to prolonged applause and said: ""Elie, your life and work inspires and gives meaning to the words 'Never Again.' I wish I could promise you, Elie, that the lessons of history have been learned. I can only urge the leaders of the world not to repeat the mistakes of the past."" Wiesel sat in the gallery next to Netanyahu's wife Sara.

Netanyahu wants the Iranians stripped of nuclear projects that might be used to get a bomb - something Tehran insists it does not want. Washington deems the Israeli demand unrealistic.

Netanyahu, who has hinted at the prospect of unilateral strikes as a last resort on Iranian nuclear sites, told lawmakers Israel would stand alone if needed but he made no threat of military action.

Speaking just before Netanyahu's address, Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif, in Switzerland for talks with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, said the Israel leader was ""trying to create tension"" in the negotiations, which face an end-of-March deadline to reach a framework accord.

Under a 2013 interim deal, the United States and five other powers agreed in principle to let Iran maintain limited uranium enrichment technologies. U.S. National Security Adviser Susan Rice argued on Monday that this commitment could not be undone.

A deal with Iran is far from guaranteed, given U.S. assessments that more than a decade of carrot-and-stick diplomacy with Iran might again fail to clinch a final accord.

The United States and some of its allies, notably Israel, suspect Iran of using its civil nuclear program as a cover to develop a nuclear weapons capability. Iran denies this, saying it is for peaceful purposes such as generating electricity.",1
693,A report said Trump's donations to vets might be shady. His response was predictable.,"Donald Trump is adamant that he raised more than $5 million for military veterans this campaign season and that it is all going to veterans charities. After reports raised questions about whether that's true, Trump scheduled a press conference Tuesday to give more details about the donations' whereabouts.

At his press conference, Trump explained the lack of clarity surfaced in a recent Washington Post report by stating he ""wanted to keep it private"": ""I don't think it's anybody's business if I wanna send money to the vets,"" before ultimately unveiling the list of recipients.

According to reporting from the Associated Press, many of these donations were dated the same day as the Washington Post's article. Trump associated the timing with the vetting process, ""reviewing statistics, reviewing numbers and also talking to people in the military to find out whether or not the group was deserving of the money,"" he said Tuesday.

But what his reaction to scrutiny of his alleged veterans donations really reveals about Trump is how he handles criticism from the press — viewing fact-checking from reporters as personal attacks rather than a nettlesome but necessary role in democracy.

Last week, the presumptive Republican nominee responded to the Post's report which found his January charity event – which he claimed raised more than $6 million in donations for veterans charities – had come up short.

It's not the first time reports have raised questions about the donations. In March, Trump spokesperson Hope Hicks shot down media inquiries in an interview with CNN that similarly wondered about these alleged donations.

""If the media spent half as much time highlighting the work of these groups and how our veterans have been so mistreated, rather than trying to disparage Mr. Trump's generosity for a totally unsolicited gesture for which he had no obligation, we would all be better for it,"" Hicks told CNN.

At the event, which Trump held as counterprograming to the Republican presidential debate he boycotted in January, the candidate said he ""broke $6 million"" in donations, $1 million of which he donated himself.

But as of March, Hicks said they were still collecting donations. Now Trump's campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, says some of the event's biggest donors have backed down on their promises. The fundraiser actually brought in $4.5 million, or 75 percent of what was initially said, the Washington Post's David Fahrenthold reported. He later remarked on Twitter that even the adjusted numbers are still a hefty and admirable sum for a worthy cause:

At the time of the report, the campaign said the amount was not $4.5 million, Trump tweeted it is somewhere between $5 million and $6 millions, and it was unclear where Trump's own pledge of $1 million ended up.

But regardless of the numbers, something has become increasingly clear: Trump feels this isn't about the money. He's making it about him doing a good deed.

""The press should be ashamed at themselves, and on behalf of the vets the press should be ashamed of themselves,"" Trump said Tuesday, even calling a reporter at his press conference a ""sleaze.""

The reports were a personal attack, Trump said.

""Instead of being like, ‘Thank you very much, Mr. Trump,' or ‘Trump did a good job,' everyone said: ‘Who got it? Who got it? Who got it?'"" Trump said. ""And you make me look very bad. I have never received such bad publicity for doing a good job.""

The Washington Post report was yet another ""dishonest"" ploy from the mainstream media, trying to spin his good deed into scandal, he tweeted when the report surfaced.

In many ways, Trump's idea to host a fundraising event honoring veterans began as a reaction to the ""disgusting media."" In January, Trump decided to boycott the last GOP presidential debate before the Iowa caucuses because of Fox News host and debate moderator Megyn Kelly.

It was an early chapter in their months-long feud — she represented the ""biased"" media; he felt she had personally targeted him in the first debate and intended to tank Fox News's ratings by hosting a charitable even in Iowa at the same time as the debate. (Trump and Kelly have, of course, now officially made up.)

Trump's fundraiser was organized on a whim and featured the things that represent Trump the most: Middle America, an unyielding love for America, and Trump supporters.

For Trump, the Washington Post's report was an attempt to turn a good deed sour.

But Fahrenthold maintains that wasn't the intention, launching a 16-tweet response to Trump's comment. He has some questions:

January's fundraising event raised a lot of money for veterans. It was also undeniably a political platform.

It resembled a Trump rally as much as it did a charitable event, I reported in January:

Since then, Trump has used the event to exemplify all the good he has done for the military and its veterans. In the weeks after, he used his campaign events to give large checks to various charities, rallying confidence that he can get good things done; with a snap of his fingers he raised millions.

The point is clear: Trump, ""under no obligation,"" did a good thing.",1
4621,How the confidence deficit is impacting the 2016 election,"First Read is a morning briefing from Meet the Press and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter.

A week out from Election Day, here's the only thing we're sure of after Friday's bombshell political news that the Federal Bureau of Investigation is one again looking at Hillary Clinton's emails: Another U.S. institution -- the FBI -- has taken a hit. (It's especially true after all of the obvious leaks coming from the FBI and Justice Department.) And that news isn't good for the country's democracy. Back in 2014, our national NBC/WSJ poll looked at Americans' confidence in 15 different institutions and industries, and majority had confidence in just two of them.

So this lack of confidence in American institutions was taking place BEFORE this presidential election, and you can only imagine what the situation is going to look like afterwards. As for Comey and his decision to make his announcement 11 days before an election, we understand he was in a lose-lose situation. (If he withheld this information before the election, it could have been equally damaging.) But the problem was how vague Comey's letter to Congress was, as well as the fact that it was sent before the FBI even had access to the emails. It's hard to reconcile Comey being so transparent with a July press conference and then testimony to Capitol Hill -- over a matter where there were no charges -- and then so opaque in a letter to Congress just days before the election.

Team Trump deals with its share of negative stories

While the Clinton campaign is still dealing with the fallout from Friday's news, Halloween night saw several tough stories aimed at Team Trump. There was the New York Times report on new tax documents showing Trump ""used a legally dubious method"" to avoid paying taxes; NBC News reported that the FBI ""has been conducting a preliminary inquiry into Donald Trump's former campaign manager Paul Manafort's foreign business connections""; and Mother Jones reported that a veteran spy gave the FBI information alleging a Russian operation to cultivate ties to Trump.

Today in Pennsylvania, meanwhile, Trump and running mate Mike Pence will deliver a policy speech to ""repeal and replace"" Obamacare. It's a smart move for the Trump camp to focus on policy when everyone is paying attention. A Trump aide previews the speech to NBC's Peter Alexander: ""The speech will be delivered along with several of those congressional leaders who the Trump Administration will work with to immediately repeal and replace it. What's even more powerful is that we'll have Gov. Pence there to address how he has successfully navigated Indiana through this mess and created a model for other states to follow.""

This week's NBC|SurveyMonkey tracking poll has Clinton ahead by 6 points over Trump in the four-way horserace, 47%-41% -- which is exactly where it was last week. Moreover, that six-point 47%-41% lead was identical in interviews before the Comey news (Monday through Friday) and after (Saturday and Sunday). More from the poll: ""Likely voters were split on whether they thought the controversial announcement by the FBI was an important issue to discuss or more of a distraction to the campaign. A slight majority of likely voters nationwide—55 percent—said it was an important issue. Forty-four percent said the news was more of a distraction to the campaign."" Now the national Washington Post/ABC tracking poll has Trump up a point, though that's in contrast to the other tracking polls we've seen after the Comey news.

The Comey Surprise might not have hurt Hillary Clinton's presidential chances. But it might have hurt downballot Democrats, who were counting on a large Clinton margin over Trump. ""While FBI Director James Comey's email bombshell is unlikely to dent her White House chances, Democrats fear it might shorten her coattails and threaten their prospects of retaking the Senate,"" NBC's Alex Seitz-Wald writes. ""'It's certainly not helpful,' said Missouri Democratic Party Chairman Roy Temple. 'It kind of pollutes the Democratic brand in a way that's unnecessary, simply because it doesn't actually involve any new information, which is why the frustration at Comey is so high right now.'"" More: ""'The slightest breeze in any direction can really push these races one way or another,' said Ian Prior of the Senate Leadership Fund, a deep-pocketed GOP Super PAC. 'All you need is need is .01 (percent) in a [close race].'"" By the way, a Monmouth poll from yesterday showed a tied race in Indiana's Senate race, which isn't good news for Democrats' bid to retake the Senate.

Burr says gun owners may want to put a ""bullseye"" on Clinton

But this story won't help Republicans in the key North Carolina Senate race. CNN: ""Sen. Richard Burr privately mused over the weekend that gun owners may want to put a 'bullseye' on Hillary Clinton… The North Carolina Republican, locked in a tight race for reelection, quipped that as he walked into a gun shop 'nothing made me feel better' than seeing a magazine about rifles 'with a picture of Hillary Clinton on the front of it.'"" Burr apologized. ""The comment I made was inappropriate, and I apologize for it. But the audio CNN obtained also contained this other sound from Burr, in which he said he'd work to keep Clinton from filling the vacant Supreme Court seat. ""[I]f Hillary Clinton becomes president, I am going to do everything I can do to make sure four years from now, we still got an opening on the Supreme Court.""

First Read's downballot race of the day: Ohio Senate

In a swing state during what's shaping up to be a tough year for many Republicans, GOP Sen. Rob Portman has executed a model campaign against Democratic former governor Ted Strickland. He's been a strong fundraiser and energetic campaigner who built an impressive independent GOTV effort that's targeting possible split-ticket voters rather than just a Republican base. Strickland has committed his fair share of unforced errors, including his August declaration that the death of Justice Antonin Scalia ""happened at a good time.""

Hillary Clinton spends her day in Florida, hitting Dade City at 3:00 pm ET, Sanford at 6:15 pm ET, and Ft. Lauderdale at 8:45 pm ET… Donald Trump makes stops in King of Prussia, PA at 11:00 am ET and Eau Claire, WI at 8:00 pm ET… Mike Pence stumps in Pennsylvania… Tim Kaine is in Wisconsin… President Obama campaigns in Columbus, OH at 4:30 pm ET… Joe Biden is in North Carolina… Bernie Sanders campaigns in New Hampshire and Maine… And Bill Clinton has three events in Florida.",1
1118,Romney's timely Trump trolling,"**Want FOX News First in your inbox every day? Sign up here.**

Buzz Cuts:

 • Romney’s timely Trump trolling

 • Rubio, Cruz sharpen attacks on Trump

 • Carson wonders whether his campaign ripped off donors

 • Hillary knocks Bernie on guns in fight for black votes

 • Hey, it’s hard to book a good housepainter

 

 ROMNEY’S TIMELY TRUMP TROLLING

 Donald Trump argues that Mitt Romney is in no position to be asking for the 2016 Republican frontrunner’s tax returns on the grounds that Romney lost the 2012 general election. Romney is also, Trump wrote, a “dope.”

But Romney is arguably the very best Republican to be asking Trump about his tax returns given how successfully Democrats exploited Romney’s filings to alienate potential voters. Democrats essentially called Romney a tax cheat for his low rates and the attack stuck. And it is a line, in some form or another, which Democrats will be sure to repeat against the billionaire Trump if he becomes the Republican nominee.

Romney began releasing his tax returns amid pressure from his rivals in early Republican primaries in 2012. But because Trump’s rivals have neglected to actually attack the frontrunner very much, Trump is only just now being pressed on this crucial general election issue.

Romney’s troll timing is perfect. Trump is either less than a week away from starting to put the Republican nomination in the bag or facing lengthening odds in his unlikely but so-far successful quest. He is also facing tonight what promises to be his most challenging debate yet.

Trump’s detractors to this point have mostly knocked Trump for insufficient conservativeness, or flip flopping, or being of poor character. But voters primarily interested in conservative orthodoxy and personal virtue are probably not part of Trump’s long-term coalition. Trump’s voters don’t seem to care about his politics. They just want a winner.

What few have hit the frontrunner on are his business failures and the unhappy chapters of his career. His business troubles and his finances have been a long-running part of Trump’s media feuds in the past but have oddly not been part of the political discussion. It is particularly odd given how much of a focus Romney’s relatively tame business record was four years ago.

Romney’s mischievous speculation is using Trump’s tactics against Trump. When the celebrity billionaire speculated about Sen. Ted Cruz’s nativity, Sen. Marco Rubio’s sweat glands, or Ben Carson’s gifts as a teenaged knife fighter, he was doing exactly what Romney is doing now.

Whether Trump can manage to lock up his party’s nomination – which could come as soon as March 15 – without divulging his tax returns will depend on the press and his competitors. Neither has shown themselves to have much snap in their noodles when it comes to taking on Trump so far, but the hour is late and the stakes are high.

Rubio, Cruz sharpen attacks on Trump - Fox News: “Speaking at a special forum in Houston hosted by Fox News’ Megyn Kelly, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz called on Republican voters Wednesday to unite around his campaign, saying that his was ‘the only campaign that can beat Donald [and] has beat Donald,’ a reference to his win in last month's Iowa caucuses…Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, who has finished second in each of the last two nominating contests, acknowledged that Trump was ‘the frontrunner and I’m the underdog, but I’ve been an underdog my entire life.’ Rubio added that his campaign ‘would not allow the conservative movement to be defined by a nominee who isn't a conservative.’ Rubio also took a shot at Trump, though he did not mention that candidate's name, for his remarks on Muslims.”

Trump’s resort spurned American applicants for foreign workers - NYT: “Since 2010, nearly 300 United States residents have applied or been referred for jobs as waiters, waitresses, cooks and housekeepers [at Donald Trump’s Mar-a-Lago Club in Palm Beach, Fla.]. But according to federal records, only 17 have been hired. In all but a handful of cases, Mar-a-Lago sought to fill the jobs with hundreds of foreign guest workers from Romania and other countries.”

White nationalists plump for Trump in robocalls - Daily Beast: “A xenophobic pro-Donald Trump robocall urges voters in Vermont and Minnesota not to vote for a ‘Cuban’ like Marco Rubio or Ted Cruz. The call comes from the American National PAC and is voiced by its founded William Daniel Johnson, the leader of the white nationalist American Freedom Party. ‘The white race is dying out in America and Europe because we are afraid to be called ‘racist,’ the call said. ‘I am afraid to be called racist. Donald Trump is not a racist, but Donald Trump is not afraid. Don’t vote for a Cuban. Vote for Donald Trump.’ Trump had previously disavowed the super PAC that released controversial robocalls on his behalf in Iowa.”

Why it’s still a race - RCP’s Lou Cannon explains why Trump isn’t the inevitable nominee writing that Trump’s unfavorable rating and loss of late-breaking voters means Trump still faces competition heading into Super Tuesday.

March 15: ‘Day of Reckoning’ - FiveThirtyEight: “March 15 is truly the GOP’s ‘day of reckoning,’ and Florida may be the most pivotal state on the entire calendar. If Trump defeats Rubio in his winner-take-all backyard, it would be game over. But if Rubio wins over enough of Jeb Bush’s old supporters to claim Florida’s 99-delegate jackpot, it could mark a long-awaited turning point in the race. At the very least, he could leverage such an outcome to try to prevent Trump from winning a majority of delegates by June.”

Carson wonders whether his campaign ripped off donors - The Atlantic: “For months, reporters and political operatives…have been pointing out that Ben Carson’s campaign bears many of the hallmarks of a political scam operation. Now Carson seems to agree. On CNN on Tuesday, Carson discussed his year-end staff shake-up: ‘We had people who didn't really seem to understand finances,’ a laughing Carson [said] adding, ‘or maybe they did—maybe they were doing it on purpose.’ It’s a remarkable statement—especially because he’s so blithe about it… First, many of the companies being paid millions and millions of dollars are run by top campaign officials or their friends and relations, meaning those people are making a mint. Second, many of the contributions are coming from small-dollar donors. If that money is being given by well-meaning grassroots conservatives for a campaign that’s designed not to win but to produce revenue for venders, isn’t it just a grift?”

Ed Note: Wednesday’s Fox First incorrectly listed Cruz’s delegate count. His number today is actually unchanged since the final tabulation of the Nevada Caucus results.

 

 WITH YOUR SECOND CUP OF COFFEE

 In a coral reef near Tahiti one photographer set out to capture as many species as he could in a single photograph. Smithsonian has the story: “What if you sifted through every last little organism that lives or passes through a single cubic foot of space in a day? On a coral reef? In a forest? How many species would you find? This was the question that [photographer Michael] Liittschwager wanted to answer—and photograph. He came up with the idea of a biocube; his proposed standard for sampling biodiversity. A 12-inch cube that he would set in one place and observe long enough to catalog everything within it. He started on Mo’ore’a [an island off Tahiti], but has since brought his biocube method to many locations around the world.”

HILLARY KNOCKS BERNIE ON GUNS IN FIGHT FOR BLACK VOTES

 USA Today: “Hillary Clinton’s gun-control offensive against Bernie Sanders in South Carolina will provide the template she follows in upcoming state contests with sizable African-American electorates. Two days in a row this week, Clinton campaigned with mothers who’ve lost children to gun violence, including Sybrina Fulton, the mother of Trayvon Martin. Her campaign also cut a new web video and held a conference call highlighting Sen. Bernie Sanders’ record on guns, including his support of the so-called Charleston loophole, which allowed Dylann Roof to acquire a firearm before completing a background check.”

Colorado caucus good for Bernie, superdelegates to Hillary - Denver Post: “The stakes in Colorado are significant for both campaigns, offering Sanders an opportunity to showcase the energy behind his campaign and giving Clinton a chance to demonstrate that her sizable organization can deliver votes…The caucus system mostly favors Sanders, as it gives an outsized voice to the most motivated party activists, who will gather at 7 p.m. for 3,010 precinct meetings that start the delegate-selection process…In the end, at the state and congressional district conventions in April, Colorado will award 66 delegates — in addition to the 12 superdelegates, most of whom are committed to Clinton.”

Super Tuesday money race - Bernie Sanders is banking big on Colorado spending $1.2 million in the state alone, but overall his competitor Hillary Clinton outspends him across all 11 states voting next Tuesday at $4.1 million compared to Sanders $3.3 million, according to NBC News.

 

 THE JUDGE’S RULING: APPLE VS. DOJ

 Fox News’ Senior Judicial Analyst Judge Andrew Napolitano argues that the Department of Justice has no authority to force Apple to give them the ability to unlock the iPhone of the San Bernardino terrorists, and says DOJ already has the information they’re seeking: “The DOJ knows where this data on this killer’s cellphone can be found, but if it subpoenas the NSA, and the NSA complies with that subpoena, and all this becomes public, that will put the lie to the government’s incredible denials that it spies upon all of us all the time. Surely it was spying on the San Bernardino killers.” Read here.

CHANGING DEMOGRAPHICS

 Today, the American Enterprise Institute, Brookings Institute, and Center for American Progress are hosting an event on the changing demographics of voters in elections and what that means heading into November. The event is at AEI today starting at 10 a.m. ET and going through the afternoon. See here for details.

HEY, IT’S HARD TO BOOK A GOOD HOUSEPAINTER 

 Sky News: “A couple from Peterborough [England] have been revealed as the winners of a lottery jackpot of more than $45 million. Cambridgeshire pair Gerry Cannings, 63, and wife Lisa, 48, matched their numbers in the draw held on 13 February but delayed the collection of their winnings for a week…Mrs Cannings, a school teacher, explained why the couple took a week to come forward to claim the prize. She said: ‘I know it sounds mad but we had a guy in to paint the whole house. We’d been planning it for ages and had packed everything into boxes. We just thought it would be easier to wait, although it did mean that Gerry had to carry round the winning ticket in his wallet all week. It was very nerve-wracking.’”

Chris Stirewalt is digital politics editor for Fox News. Want FOX News First in your inbox every day? Sign up here.

Chris Stirewalt joined Fox News Channel (FNC) in July of 2010 and serves as digital politics editor based in Washington, D.C.  Additionally, he authors the daily ""Fox News First"" political news note and hosts ""Power Play,"" a feature video series, on FoxNews.com. Stirewalt makes frequent appearances on the network, including ""The Kelly File,"" ""Special Report with Bret Baier,"" and ""Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace.""  He also provides expert political analysis for Fox News coverage of state, congressional and presidential elections.",1
5223,A sharpened debate: Is it ethical to not vote this year for president?,"The most controversial presidential campaign  in modern American history has sharpened a long-standing debate: Is it ethical to not vote?

More than 92 million Americans who were eligible to vote four years ago didn't cast ballots. But politics in the Age of Trump has prompted editorial writers, Democratic partisans and even some Republicans to argue that Donald Trump is so unacceptable as a potential commander in chief that citizens have a heightened duty to show up to cast their ballot against him.

Some Trump supporters, presumably including those who chant ""Lock her up!"" at GOP rallies, feel the same way about Hillary Clinton.

""Let's be clear: Elections aren’t just about who votes, but who doesn’t vote,"" first lady Michelle Obama said last week at a Clinton campaign rally at La Salle University in Philadelphia, with a cautionary message aimed at Millennials. ""And if you vote for someone other than Hillary, or if you don’t vote at all, then you are helping to elect Hillary’s opponent.  And the stakes are far too high to take that chance, too high.""

""Some among the anti-Hillary brigades have decided, in deference to their exquisite sensibilities, to stay at home on Election Day, rather than vote for Mrs. Clinton,"" she wrote in Friday's The Wall Street Journal. But she warned, ""Her election alone is what stands between the American nation and the reign of the most unstable, proudly uninformed, psychologically unfit president ever to enter the White House.""

On Team Trump, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani are among those who argue it is Clinton whose election would pose a threat to the republic. And some Republicans who oppose Trump make the case for sending a message by supporting a third-party candidate or not voting at all.

Former Florida governor Jeb Bush, vanquished by Trump in the GOP primaries, told reporters Thursday after delivering a guest lecture at Harvard University that he planned to vote, but not for Trump or Clinton. ""If everybody didn't vote, that would be a pretty powerful political statement, wouldn't it?"" he said.

Trump's temperament — criticism of Muslim-American Gold Star parents, a late-night Twitter storm against a former beauty queen — and policy views that include skepticism of the NATO alliance and admiration for Russian President Vladimir Putin have fueled alarm even among some life-long Republicans about whether he should be trusted with the nation's highest office. Former president George H.W. Bush and 2012 presidential nominee Mitt Romney are among those who have said they won't vote for Trump.

But concerns about Clinton, including questions about her honesty and trustworthiness, have complicated the calculations by some voters about just whom to support. All that has boosted Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson, whose 7.3% level of support in the RealClearPolitics average of recent nationwide surveys is higher than any third-party candidate on Election Day since Ross Perot in 1996.

When both major-party candidates get negative ratings from most Americans, will more voters just stay home?

Inspirational contenders tend to do best in drawing voters to the polls. The highest rate of turnout since World War II was 63.8% of the voting-eligible population in 1960, when a youthful Massachusetts senator John F. Kennedy narrowly won the White House. After decades of more-or-less steady decline, it spiked again to 61.6% in 2008, when Illinois senator Barack Obama was elected the nation's first African-American president.

But scholars say fear can be as compelling as hope.

""Fear is a pretty big motivator, just as is enthusiasm,"" says Michael Dimmock, president of the non-partisan Pew Research Center, which has studied voters and non-voters. Turnout in presidential elections tends to dip in years such as 1996 and 2000, when voters don't see the stakes as particularly high or the differences between the two major candidates as particularly sharp.

Neither factor would apply this time. And high levels of interest this year may signal higher turnout.

In a Pew study released this summer, more than eight in 10 said they were following news about the candidates closely, the highest level of interest in a quarter century. Eight in 10 said they had thought ""quite a lot"" about the election. Three of four said it ""really matters"" who wins.

That said, two-thirds called the tone of the campaign too negative, and only four in 10 were satisfied with their choices, the lowest level in two decades. Just one in 10 said either candidate would make a good president. Four in 10 said neither would.

""We've never had candidates like this for president,"" says Michael McDonald, a political scientist at the University of Florida who heads the United States Elections Project. He turns to Senate races for comparison, citing the 2010 Delaware contest when Democrat Chris Coons crushed Republican Christine O'Donnell. She was a controversial Tea Party-backed contender who, among other things, aired a TV ad denying she was a witch.

Despite a contest that wasn't seen as competitive, turnout in the First State was among the highest in the country last year.

""My guess is people are going to be activated to vote against these candidates,"" McDonald says. ""They may not like their particular candidate ... but they certainly don't like the other party's candidate.""

""It's not: 'How much do I like these people?'"" says Jan Leighley, an American University professor and co-author of Who Votes Now? Demographics, Issues, Inequality and Turnout in the United States. ""It's: 'Does it make a difference between this person I do not like opposed to that person I do not like?'""

This year, Trump has heightened that issue with rhetoric that seems ""outside the scope of reasonable conversation or respectable public dialogue,"" she says. If he continues to do that, she says the question for voters could be this: ""Is one being irresponsible by not casting a ballot?""

In the first, tentative clues about turnout this year, McDonald says requests for absentee ballots in congressional districts in Iowa, Maine and North Carolina likely to favor Clinton have been running slightly ahead of requests at this point four years ago. Requests in districts in those three states likely to favor Trump have been running slightly lower.

""Most Americans think there's an obligation to vote,"" says Jason Brennan, a Georgetown University professor and author of The Ethics of Voting, though the percentages may be inflated because they think that's what they're supposed to say. He doesn't agree, likening it to a lottery, when an individual ticket or vote isn't likely to make a difference.

That said, he generally does vote himself.

A look at the demographics of those least likely to vote explains why Democrats are more focused on turnout efforts than Republicans. A majority of eligible Latino voters and of voters under 30 didn't go to the polls in 2012. Both groups support Clinton over Trump, and they make up significant blocs in some battleground states — Millennials in Colorado and Virginia, Hispanics in Florida and Nevada.

Clinton has vowed to encourage 3 million new Americans to register to vote before Nov. 8. She and her top campaign surrogates increasingly are focused on registering voters before state deadlines loom and encouraging supporters to cast early ballots.

That said, Trump has done well among another group of voters not inclined to cast ballots: Those who don't have a college education. Only a third of eligible voters who don't have a high school diploma voted in 2012, and less than half of those with only a high school education did so.

Most non-voters stay away from the polls not because they are making an ideological statement but because they say they are too busy, or they don't like either candidate, or they don't think it matters if they vote. As a group, they are younger, less educated and less affluent than voters. They express less interest in politics and public affairs, although a USA TODAY/Suffolk University poll of unlikely voters in 2012 found two-thirds of them said they were registered.

They are much more likely than voters to favor an activist government; eight in 10 said the government plays an important role in their lives. And the USA TODAY survey found they supported Obama over Romney by more than 2-1, a far wider margin than those who cast ballots.

Get-out-the-vote efforts, a standard part of presidential campaigns for decades, have started earlier than ever this year, in part because of the rise in early voting. An estimated four in 10 voters will have cast early or absentee ballots before the polls open on Nov. 8. The GOTV campaigns also have taken on a fiercer intensity than, say, when the choice was between Barack Obama and Mitt Romney.

""I agree with the premise of The Arizona Republic, The Detroit News and many others that Donald Trump is a unique kind of candidate who represents a unique kind of threat to our fundamental way of life,"" says Norman Ornstein, a veteran political analyst at the American Enterprise Institute. USA TODAY, which in the past hasn't endorsed a presidential candidate, on Friday came out against Trump, urging voters to go to the polls to support someone else.

Ornstein acknowledges some voters are wary of Clinton as well. ""Even if you see it as the lesser of two evils,"" he says, ""one of those evils is going to become president.""",1
217,"Ryan so far proves he can 'make the sausage,' but he'll likely be serving a much different House party in 2016","And the Wisconsin Republican isn’t talking about moving legislation in Congress.

Long before Ryan clutched the speaker’s gavel, bow hunting deer consumed his late-fall and early-winter weekends. Ryan aims to bag three or four deer a year. He then crafts jerky and sausage from the meat.

Ryan has held the speaker’s job since late October. And so far, so good in the legislative sausage factory. Passage of major education and transportation bills. A tax relief package. The forging of a bipartisan pact to avoid a government shutdown.

Ryan even challenged Republican Presidential frontrunner Donald Trump -- without mentioning the candidate by name. This came after Trump suggested the U.S. should ban Muslims from entering the country.

“What was proposed yesterday is not what this party stands for, and more importantly, it’s not what this country stands for,” said Ryan after Trump’s proposal a few weeks ago.

Ryan appears to have altered the course on Capitol Hill -- at least for a time.

“I’m very happy with how the last sev­en weeks have gone,” he declared.

But the sausage of late hasn’t been the political stuff Otto von Bismarck spoke of when describing the onerous legislative process.

Next year is when Ryan’s real sausage-curing experiment is put to the test -- merging political pork, veal, beef and venison with intestines, salt, spices and breadcrumbs.

The “barn” left to Ryan by former House Speaker Rep. John Boehner, R-Ohio, is now formally clean.

Anything from here on is Ryan’s barn. Passing the annual spending bills. Dealing with the Obama administration. Deciding what to do about the Benghazi committee. A decision on a threat by House Oversight Committee Chairman Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, to impeach IRS Commissioner John Koskinen. Wrangling over the Asian trade pact. Confronting the threat of terrorism. Chasms in the GOP. Internecine fighting over the 2016 race for president.

Right now, most political observers are trained on the campaign for president. But Ryan is campaigning, too. Not for president (at least not yet). But a campaign to calm the House, return to the illustrative but elusive “regular order” and instill confidence in the public and lawmakers.

But 2015 was marked by exceptional turmoil within the GOP ranks, calls for Boehner’s head and his eventual resignation, an aborted campaign for speaker by Majority Leader California GOP Rep. Kevin McCarthy, squabbling over funding the Department of Homeland Security and raising the debt ceiling vexed Congress this year.

Ryan wants 2016 to go differently.

Already, there are catcalls from the far-right that Ryan is the same as Boehner. Or maybe worse than Boehner. Or that he already sold out. In the new year, Paul Ryan will face the conservative wing of the GOP. There’s no more saying he came into the play during the second act or that Boehner is still on the hook.

“There will always be contrarian voices out there,” Ryan said. “Members of the conservative movement know me as one of their own.”

He hopes to hand the biggest legislative keys to the House Appropriations Committee and rank-and-file members as they try to fund the government next year.

This involves plowing through the 12 annual spending bills to run each section of the government and avert a crisis next September. They had better get rolling.

Congress is scheduled to be out of session for a staggering seven weeks stretching from July through early September to accommodate the Democratic and Republican parties’ conventions.

That doesn’t leave much time to wrap things up by September 30, 2016, the end of the government’s fiscal year.

When asked how and why things seem easier than under the tenure of his predecessor, Ryan momentarily ponders the question.

“I’m not sure I can give you a good answer on that,” he finally replies.

However, he made clear that his goal is to “loosen control.” Perhaps without realizing it, Ryan responds to the Boehner regime interrogatory, saying “this place used to pre-determine everything, down to the amendment.”

Ryan believes he can empower members to influence policy through the appropriations process. They can do so by prescribing how much or how little money the federal government devotes to a given program. That invests everyone in the enterprise.

Of course, that means Republicans won’t get a lot of things they want (and demand from Ryan). And Democrats sure won’t, either.

Ryan got a taste of working with Democrats on the recent pact to fund the government and renew major tax breaks at the end of the year.

“I didn't really know these people,” he said of the Democrats, pointing out that he talked to Senate Minority Leader Sen. Harry Reid, Nevada, once for about 30 seconds in 2012.

He says he and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., never had a conversation before the omnibus spending talks.

That’s to say nothing of negotiating with President Obama.

Obama wants to dine with the new GOP speaker sometime in the new year. Ryan’s spoken with the president by phone on multiple occasions since claiming the gavel.

Still, Ryan described the administration’s approach to governing as “arrogant, paternalistic and condescending.”

Even if Ryan’s able to get along with Obama and congressional Democrats -- to say nothing of members of his own party -- the presidential sweepstakes will dominate 2016. And what happens if one particular candidate polls well as they approach the Republican convention in Cleveland?

“I put up with politics in order to do policy,” he says.

But there’s lots of GOP handwringing about whether Republicans can hold the Senate and maybe (maybe) the House if the party nominates Trump.

“I think we’re going to have a good climate,” Ryan says optimistically of the GOP.

But there’s already chatter about what happens if the party is torn and Trump is cruising toward victory at the Cleveland nominating convention.

What does the GOP do? Some private Republican conversations involve a brokered convention. Maybe the party pulls a Steve Harvey and switches the nominee at the last minute. One line of thought is for the GOP to engineer a brokered convention that perhaps propels someone like Ryan to the nomination.

“He’s the only person who can unify the Republican party,” opined one senior Republican House member, “and possibly beat Hillary Clinton.”

Ryan publicly eschews that sort of talk. Of course, he also didn’t like talk about him running for speaker …

Until he did.

Some political observers point to the video Ryan released before Congress abandoned Washington for Christmas. Titled “A Confident America,” the slickly-produced, creatively-shot tape mimics a campaign commercial -- if not a movie trailer.

It crescendos with dramatic music and inspirational oratory, liberally swiping segments from a speech Ryan delivered a few weeks ago in the Great Hall of the Library of Congress.

“We believe in the American idea,” Ryan proclaims. “We stand for a more prosperous, a more secure and a more confident America.”

Note that Ryan is one of few major GOP political figures who has been willing to take on Trump.

But for now, there’s sausage to be made -- in Washington and in Wisconsin.

Ryan knows what to do with the venison back home. And in 2016, we’ll see how he does in the Capitol Hill smokehouse.",1
2634,Attorney general nominee offers careful backing of Obama policies,"Attorney general nominee Loretta E. Lynch carefully backed the Obama administration’s policies on immigration and drug enforcement Wednesday, sidestepping political tripwires before lawmakers deeply critical of the department she has been picked to lead.

During an all-day confirmation hearing that highlighted Republican anger with the administration, Lynch declined repeated opportunities to disavow actions taken by the Justice Department under Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr.

Instead, the first African American woman nominated to be attorney general cast herself as a career federal prosecutor determined to uphold the rule of law and willing to provide honest counsel to the president even when he might disagree.

In calm, polished replies, Lynch also acknowledged Republican concerns and pledged to foster a better relationship with lawmakers if confirmed.

“You’re not Eric Holder, are you?” Sen. John Cornyn (R-Tex.) asked at one point.

Lynch, 55, the U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York, said she supports the use of the death penalty as an effective punishment and considers waterboarding “torture and thus illegal.” She said it was the Justice Department’s job to enforce the laws Congress passes, but when pushed about Holder’s decision not to defend the federal Defense of Marriage Act, she said there are “rare instances” when careful analysis of existing laws raises constitutional issues.

Immigration proved to be the most significant flash point during the hearing, with Republicans voicing continuing outrage over the administration’s executive actions.

At the start of the Senate Judiciary Committee hearing, which was interrupted many times as senators left to vote, Chairman Charles E. Grassley (R-Iowa) asked whether the president could defer deportations “for millions of individuals in the country illegally and grant them permits and other benefits, regardless of what the U.S. Constitution or immigration laws say.”

Lynch said that it was important for the Justice Department to ensure that any executive action be legal but that she was not involved in the decisions leading up to the president’s actions.

Referring to a Justice Department memo on the president’s authority on immigration matters, she said, “I don’t see any reason to doubt the reasonableness of those views.”

Sen. David Vitter (R-La.), who has said he plans to vote against Lynch, said he was “very disappointed and frustrated” with her responses.

“I have a huge concern regarding what I think is the president’s illegal, unconstitutional executive amnesty, and I have a huge concern of the fact that you think it is within the law,” Vitter said. Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.) agreed with Vitter and said after the hearing that he will vote against Lynch.

Lynch is the first Obama Cabinet nominee to face a confirmation hearing since Republicans took over the Senate this year. The department she has been selected to oversee has been a regular target of Republicans’ ire on a range of issues, including investigations into the Internal Revenue Service and the attacks in Benghazi, Libya, and a botched gun-trafficking operation run by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.

Sen. Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.) asked his colleagues not to “turn this exceptional nominee into a political point-scoring exercise” by badgering her on immigration and the controversy over the investigation into the IRS.

He described Lynch as “one of the keenest legal minds that our country has to offer, someone who has excelled at every stage of her education and her career, while cultivating a reputation as someone who was level-headed, fair, judicious and eminently likable.”

Holder — whose six-year tenure overshadowed Wednesday’s hearing — had a particularly rocky relationship with Congress. Lynch has chaired the Justice Department committee that advises him on policy decisions.

Among the points of contention between the administration and Congress has been the Justice Department’s policy on marijuana in response to the legalization of the drug in Colorado and Washington state. The department announced that it would not challenge those state laws and said that in prosecutions it would prioritize marijuana offenses­ such as distribution to minors.

Asked about her own views on marijuana, Lynch said she does not support legalization.

Sessions asked Lynch whether she agreed with a remark made by President Obama — and published last year in the New Yorker magazine — that the drug was no more dangerous than alcohol.

“I certainly don’t hold that view and don’t agree with that view of marijuana,” Lynch said. “I certainly think that the president was speaking from his personal experience and personal opinion, neither of which I’m able to share.”

When pressed on the legality of the National Security Agency’s controversial surveillance programs, Lynch replied that she believed they were “constitutional and effective.”

If Lynch is confirmed as the 83rd attorney general, she will take the reins of the Justice Department at a moment of high tension between law enforcement and minority communities across the country.

In her testimony, she emphasized her strong bonds with law enforcement and her desire to heal the rifts between police and the communities they are tasked with protecting.

One of her priorities, she said, will be to work to strengthen “the vital relationships between our courageous law enforcement personnel and all the communities we serve.”

“In my career, I have seen this relationship flourish — I have seen law enforcement forge unbreakable bonds with community residents and have seen violence-ravaged communities come together to honor officers who risked all to protect them,” Lynch said. “As attorney general, I will draw all voices into this important discussion.”

Lynch was accompanied by her husband, Stephen Hargrove; her father, the Rev. Lorenzo Lynch, who traveled from Durham, N.C., and sat behind her; and her only surviving brother, Leonzo Lynch, who is a preacher in Charlotte. Her other brother, Lorenzo Jr., a former Navy SEAL, died in 2009. She placed his Navy SEAL trident pin on the witness table in front of her while she testified.

A group of two dozen of Lynch’s fellow U.S. attorneys from across the country were in Washington, watching the hearing together on television from the Justice Department building. In the audience at the hearing was a group of Lynch’s Delta Sigma Theta sorority sisters, dressed in bright red.

Lynch told the committee about her family and the values instilled in her by her parents, both from North Carolina.

“My mother, Lorine, who was unable to travel here today, is a retired English teacher and librarian for whom education was the key to a better life,” Lynch said. “She recalls people in her rural community pressing a dime or a quarter into her hands to support her college education. As a young woman, she refused to use segregated restrooms, because they did not represent the America in which she believed.”

“She instilled in me an abiding love of literature and learning, and taught me the value of hard work and sacrifice,” Lynch said.

Lynch’s father, a fourth-generation Baptist preacher, opened his Greensboro church in the early 1960s to those planning sit-ins and marches­, standing with the protesters while carrying her on his shoulders.

“As I come before you today in this historic chamber, I still stand on my father’s shoulders, as well as on the shoulders of all those who have gone before me and who dreamed of making the promise of America a reality for all and worked to achieve that goal,” Lynch said. “I believe in the promise of America because I have lived the promise of America.”",1
3134,The end of white Christian America is nigh: Why the country’s youth are abandoning religious conservatism,"There’s been a lot of media attention recently to the changing demographics of the United States, where, at current rates, people who identify as “white” are expected to become a minority by the year 2050. But in many ways, the shift in national demographics has been accelerated beyond even that. New data from the American Values Atlas shows that while white people continue to be the majority in all but 4 states in the country, white Christians are the minority in a whopping 19 states. And, nationwide, Americans who identify as Protestant are now in the minority for the first time ever, clocking in at a mere 47 percent of Americans and falling.

The most obvious reason for this change is growing racial diversity. Most Americans still identify as Christian, but “Christian” is a group that is less white and less Protestant than it has been at any time in history. The massive growth in Hispanic Catholics, in particular, has been a major factor in this shift in the ethnic and religious identity of this country. White Catholics used to outnumber Hispanic Catholics 3 to 1 in the 2000s, but now it’s only by a 2 to 1 margin.

But another major reason religious diversity is outpacing the growth of racial/ethnic diversity is largely due to the explosive growth in non-belief among Americans. One in five Americans now identifies as religiously unaffiliated. In 13 states, the “nones” are the largest religious group. Non-religious people now equal Catholics in number, and their proportion is likely to grow dramatically, as young people are by far the most non-religious group in the country. This isn’t some kind of side effect of their youth, either. As Adam Lee has noted, the millennial generation is becoming less religious as they age.

These changes explain the modern political landscape as well as any economic indicator. While not all white Christians are conservative, these changing numbers definitely suggest that conservative Christians are rapidly losing their grip on power. And while some non-white Christians are conservative, their numbers are not making up for what the Christian right is losing. And whether conservative leaders are aware of the exact numbers or not, it’s clear that they sense that change is in the air. Just by speaking to young people, turning on your TV, or reading the Internet, you can sense the way the country is lurching away from conservative Christian values and towards a more liberal, secular outlook. And conservative Christians aren’t taking these changes well at all.

To look at the Christian right now is to see a people who know they are losing power and are desperately trying to reassert dominance before it’s lost altogether. The most obvious example of this is the frenzy of anti-abortion activity in recent years. Anti-choice forces have controlled the Republican Party since the late ’70s, but only in the past few years have they concentrated so singlemindedly on trying to destroy legal abortion in wide swaths of the country. In 2011 alone, states passed nearly three times as many abortion restrictions as they had in any previous year.

None of this is a reaction to any changes in people’s sexual behavior or reproductive choices. It’s not like there was a spike in abortions causing this panic. In fact, the abortion rate has been declining. And despite continuing media panic over adolescent sexuality, the fact is that teenagers are waiting longer to have sex, on average, than in the past. Despite this, not only are you seeing a dramatic increase in attacks on legal abortion, the Christian right has expanded its attacks to contraception access, suggesting that something has worked them into a panic they believe can only be resolved by trying to reassert their religious and sexual values.

That something isn’t changes in sexual behavior, but it’s reasonable to believe it’s because of changes in sexual values. People might not be having more sex, but they are feeling less guilty about the sex they are having. Since Gallup first started polling people in 2001 on moral views, acceptance of consensual sex between adults has skyrocketed. In a decade’s time, acceptance of premarital sex swelled from 53% to 66% of Americans and acceptance of gay Americans grew from a mere 38% to a majority of Americans. Even polyamory has become more acceptable for Americans, rising from being accepted by 5% of Americans to 14%. The fact that these changes in attitude are rising alongside the growth of irreligiosity is not a coincidence. More perhaps even than the 1960s, Americans are in a period of questioning rigid sexual and religious mores, and concluding, in increasing numbers, that they are not down with guilt-tripping people for victimless behavior and demanding conformity for its own sake. Some of them–now a whopping 22% of Americans!–are leaving religion entirely. Some are continuing in their faith but choosing to interpret their values differently than Christian conservatives would like. And so we see Christian conservatives cracking down in a desperate bid to regain control. They claim that they’re being oppressed by increasing tolerancefor religious diversity. They have latched onto, with some success, the claim that “religious freedom” requires giving Christians the right to oppress others. The Republican Party is in complete thrall to the religious right, to the point where giving the Christian right one go-nowhere symbolic bill instead of another one created a major political crisis. The irony is that this panic-based overreach is just making the situation worse for the Christian right. One of the biggest reasons the secularization trend has accelerated in recent years is that young people see the victim complex and the sex policing of the Christian right and it’s turning them off. And they’re not just rejecting conservative Christianity but the entire idea of organized religion altogether. In other words, the past few years have created a self-perpetuating cycle: Christian conservatives, in a panic over changing demographics, start cracking down. In reaction, more people give up on religion. That causes the Christian right to panic more and crack down more. In the end, Christian conservatives are going to hasten their own demise by trying to save themselves. Not that any of us should be crying for them.",1
1590,Strong jobs number holds risks for Clinton,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
704,Sanders warns Clinton against moderate as VP,"But he's staying away from criticizing his rival over her private email use during her tenure as secretary of state, continuing to downplay an issue that Republicans have used heavily against Clinton.

Still locked in a heated primary battle against Clinton, Sanders said Sunday on NBC's ""Meet the Press"" that she should find a vice-presidential pick who doesn't have a cozy relationship with corporations.

""I would hope, if I am not the nominee, that the vice-presidential candidate will not be from Wall Street, will be somebody who has a history of standing up and fighting for working families, taking on the drug companies whose greed is doing so much harm, taking on Wall Street, taking on corporate America, and fighting for a government that works for all of us, not just the 1%,"" Sanders said.

The Vermont senator's vice-presidential prerequisites look like a list of his campaign's top talking points. But his comments also served to lay out terms for Sanders embracing Clinton if she secures the Democratic nomination at the party's convention in Philadelphia in July.

Host Chuck Todd asked Sanders specifically whether he'd support Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine, a former governor and Democratic National Committee chairman, for the vice-presidential nod. Sanders wouldn't answer directly, saying: ""I think we are once again into a little bit of speculation. I have known Tim Kaine for years. I really like him very much."" Asked whether he'd join Clinton as her running mate on a party unity ticket, Sanders said he's still ""knocking my brains out to win the Democratic nomination."" ""That's where I am right now. What happens afterwards, we will see,"" Sanders said. ""But right now, my focus is on winning the nomination."" The final major set of primary contests, headlined by California, is coming up June 7. But Sanders has focused much of his attention on Donald Trump in recent days -- hammering the presumptive Republican nominee while largely ignoring Clinton. On Sunday, days after a State Department inspector general's report harshly criticized Clinton for her use of a private email server, Sanders again let the issue slide. He'd sent a signal that he could be ready to hit Clinton over her email on Bill Maher's HBO show Friday, saying ""it has"" when asked if the story had ""moved a little bit"" from his initial refusal to criticize her on it, starting in last year's debates. But on ""Meet the Press,"" asked about the report, Sanders said that ""these are areas that I have stayed away from. There is a process, people will draw their conclusions from the inspector general report. But again, you know, I think the American people are tired of that type of politics. And I think the media and the candidates have got to talk about why the middle class is in decline and why we have massive levels of income and wealth inequality."" On CBS' ""Face the Nation,"" Sanders went just a step further, saying Clinton's email issue merits a ""hard look"" but still stopping short of criticizing her for it. ""Now, you're right -- the inspector general just came out with a report; it was not a good report for Secretary Clinton. That is something that the American people, Democrats and delegates are going to have to take a hard look at,"" he said. ""But for me right now, I continue to focus on how we can rebuild a disappearing middle class, deal with poverty, guarantee health care to all of our people as a right.""",1
3982,"Architect Of Paris Attacks Was Killed In Raid, French Authorities Say","Architect Of Paris Attacks Was Killed In Raid, French Authorities Say

The suspected architect of the Paris attacks was killed during a violent police raid conducted by French authorities in the Paris suburb of Saint-Denis on Wednesday, French authorities say.

Abdelhamid Abaaoud was a Belgian national in his late 20s. Authorities believe that Abaaoud was close to Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al Baghdadi.

During a press conference, Minister of the Interior Bernard Cazeneuve said that Abaaoud was believed to be responsible for planning many of the Islamic State attacks in Europe.

Of the six planned attacks that have been foiled in France, he said, Abaaoud was believed to have been involved in four of them. Authorities believe he orchestrated the the three teams that attacked six locations across Paris and killed 129 people.

Announcing his death, Cazeneuve said that as promised, ""the Republic is doing everything it can to destroy terrorism.""

The Saint-Denis raid on Wednesday were bloody and violent. Police fired more than 5,000 rounds and one suspect — presumed to be a woman — detonated a suicide vest. Another suspect, whom we can now assume was Abaaoud, was killed by either gunfire or a grenade explosion during the confrontation with police.

Yesterday, authorities said because of the carnage, forensic evidence had to be used to identify the dead. Today, Paris Prosecutor François Molins said that Abaaoud's was identified using fingerprints.

As we've reported, until recently authorities believed that Abaaoud was issuing orders from Syria. Cazeneuve said that authorities knew that he had left for Syria in 2014, but they had no indication that he had come back to Europe.

However, three days after the Paris attacks on Nov. 16, Cazeneuve said they received a tip from an ""intelligence service outside of Europe,"" saying they had picked up signals that Abaaoud had passed through Greece. Authorities across the world knew, he said, that an international warrant had been issued for Abaaoud's arrest. The implication there is that somehow Abaaoud's presence in Europe had fallen through the cracks.

Cazeneuve added that he has called for a meeting with other European countries to talk about ways they can bolster cooperation on border controls and the fight against weapons trafficking.

""Things are not going far enough. Things are not moving fast enough,"" Cazeneuve said. ""Europe owes it to all the victims of terrorism to act.""

NPR's Dina Temple-Raston reports that the fate of Salah Abdeslam, whom police say was a key operative in the attacks, is still unknown. Another unidentified suspect may also still be on the loose.

Meanwhile, in Belgium, police conducted raids at six locations across Brussels, including some in the Molenbeek suburb, which has become notorious for producing radicalized youth.

NPR's Peter Kenyon reports that officials say they are looking for associates of Bilal Hadfi, one of the Islamist attackers who died during the Paris killings on Friday. Hadfi was one of two terrorists who detonated explosive vests just outside a packed stadium in north Paris.

This is a breaking news story, we'll update this post with the latest as we get it, so make sure to refresh this page.

Update at 8:11 a.m. ET. Lower House Votes To Extend State Of Emergency:

France's National Assembly approved President Hollande's request to extend the state of emergency in the country by three months. The measure still has to be approved by the Senate.

As NPR's Lauren Frayer reports, the state of emergency allows the government to:",1
3140,Why conservatives refuse to believe Obama is Christian,"The percentage selecting “Muslim” is notably higher than in other polls conducted on this topic. This difference likely depends on how the question is phrased. Previous survey questions about Obama’s religion tend to sound like a pop quiz — such as “do you happen to know the religious faith of Barack Obama?” But by asking “what Obama believes deep down?” I was intentionally granting respondents license to stray from the pesident’s self-reported Christian faith. This reveals a prevalent willingness to distrust this pesident or categorize him as “the other” in terms of religion. Of course, respondents could also be “cheerleading” — using a survey question to express their general dislike of Obama rather than a genuine view about his religious faith. But, if these results were largely driven by anti-Obama cheerleading, we should expect more respondents, especially Republicans, to choose the very unpopular category of “atheist.” Relatively few do so.

Previous ruminations on the Obama-is-a-secret-Muslim theme have suggested various sources for it: ignorance, Fox News, racism, too much World Net Daily in your diet.

Theodoridis’ post was inspired by Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker’s remarks that he didn’t know whether Obama is a Christian. But do other elected Republicans suggest that Obama is not only not a Christian, but a Muslim? I ran a search in the Congressional Record for recent floor speeches in which the word Islam or Islamic and the President appear. This is snapshot, of course, and the number of constituents who actually listen to these speeches is infinitesimal. But if elected Republicans aren’t afraid to question Obama’s religious commitments for the permanent record, think of what they might say to constituents in smaller settings, or the well that they are drawing from when they make remarks in Congressional sessions for which they receive no pushback, and in fact receive encouragement.

Republicans drew from recent conservative complaints that Obama refuses to say that Islamic State and other terrorist groups are “Islamic,” that he doesn’t take the threat of terrorism seriously, and he is insufficiently protective of American exceptionalism.

On February 24, 2015, Rep. Mark Walker (R-NC) said on the House floor that his constituents “shared with me their frustration at the ambiguous language from this administration in describing the evils of radical Islamist terrorism,” and that he himself has “grown weary at the timidity” of Obama, who “continues to be defensive, at best.” He went on:

At first glance, the silence appears to be passive or poor leadership. But I am inclined to believe that the President’s posture is not one of weakness but, rather, an intentional directive in both rhetoric and action. It appears that his promise to take our country in a fundamentally new direction is being played out in realtime. Instead of defending our liberty and our way of life, which is the most charitable in the world, our President seems to scoff at the belief that our country has been uniquely blessed by God. I would be remiss today if I did not pause and remember our Egyptian Christian brothers in the recent barbaric attacks in Libya. ISIS murdered innocent husbands and fathers who clearly died for their faith and their beliefs. Just this morning, we hear further reports out of Syria that Islamic State militants have abducted dozens of Christians, including women and children. Weeks prior, the President chastised the Christian community for getting on their judgmental high horses. Yet, in describing our martyred brothers from Egypt, the President refused to even utter the word, “Christian.” The undermining of our beliefs has become an issue with this President.

Contrary to Walker’s statement, which echoes a claim circulating in conservative circles that Obama did not identify the Coptic victims of the Islamic State massacre as Christians, at last week’s summit on countering religious extremism, Obama noted that that Islamic State’s “slaughter of EgyptianChristians in Libya has shocked the world.” Notice, in Walker’s speech, the juxtaposition of the statement that Obama “seems to scoff at the belief that our country has been uniquely blessed by God” (i.e., he’s not a Christian) with his own remembrance of the murdered Egyptian Christians “who clearly died for their faith and their beliefs.”

Some of the floor statements come from ardent Christian supporters of Israel, who contrast Obama negatively with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. In a February 5, 2015 floor speech, Rep. Trent Franks (R-AZ) called Netanyahu “one of the most prescient voices that we have in the entire world to address some of the subjects and some of the dangers that face the United States of America.” In contrast, Franks claimed, Obama “chooses to listen to these mysterious voices of those who did not vote in our Nation’s election,” yet “has sought to go after and silence” Netanyahu. (He did not specify whose “mysterious voices” were whispering in Obama’s ear.) Franks questioned whether Obama is “so naive or, worse, so arrogant as to believe that we can have any type of credible, diplomatic agreement” with Iran. Rep. Ted Poe (R-TX), in February 2, 2015 floor remarks, asked, “this administration also refuses to say that we are at war with radical Islam. There is so much sensitivity in the White House over its statements that one is puzzled to wonder: Why are they sensitive about calling terrorists ‘terrorists?’” The next day in a floor speech, Rep. Louie Gohmert (R-TX), after describing atrocities committed by terrorists, added, “I guess if you are part of this administration, you shouldn’t consider that to be all that radical because this administration, under their watch, with Commander in Chief Barack Obama, had orders given to remove crosses from the chapels on our military installations.” (Gohmert repeats this claim, despite it having been debunked in 2013; the military, according to FactCheck.org, “has a longstanding policy against permanent religious symbols being attached to military chapels.”) In the speech, two days before the National Prayer Breakfast, Gohmert noted Obama’s upcoming appearance, adding, “I am greatly appreciative of the President’s espoused faith.” (emphasis mine). In a January 14, 2015 stemwinder, after laying out a litany of Obama’s alleged sins in failing to recognizing “that radical Islam is a threat to our very existence and way of life,” Gohmert delivered a brief lecture on how Christians are supposed to act (and govern): I have Christian friends that say: Yes, but as Christians, we are supposed to turn the other cheek. That is as individuals. Individual Christians should live out the beatitudes as Christ gave them. But the government has a different role. If you do evil, you should be afraid because the government, within the bounds of Christianity–Romans 13:4–is supposed to punish the evil, eliminate the evils, and protect your people. I don’t try to convert anybody using my position in government, but for those who misunderstand Christian teaching, you need to read Romans 13. Romans 13 is about submission to governmental authority, and the particular verse Gohmert cited reads: “For the one in authority is God’s servant for your good. But if you do wrong, be afraid, for rulers do not bear the sword for no reason. They are God’s servants, agents of wrath to bring punishment on the wrongdoer.” In other words, Obama isn’t punishing (purportedly Islamic) wrongdoers; he therefore doesn’t understand what Gohmert believes to be biblical imperatives for governing. Draw your own conclusions. Of course Poe, Franks, and Gohmert represent the far right flank of their party, but their fellow Republicans don’t dispute them. As Theodoridis theorizes, Scott Walker is a “moderate” on the spectrum of misrepresenting Obama’s religion because he merely said he didn’t know whether Obama is a Christian. But you could argue that Poe, Franks, and Gohmert never explicitly said Obama is a Muslim. Yet according to Theodoridis’ research, a majority of Republicans think he is.",1
1423,Why Donald Trump is beating Fox News -- and GOP rivals,"Mel Robbins is a CNN commentator, legal analyst, best-selling author and keynote speaker. In 2014, she was named outstanding news talk-radio host by the Gracie Awards. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author

(CNN) If you understand nothing else about Donald Trump, understand this:

He has a particular mindset we see all the time in business -- he's ""the disrupter.""

The disrupter is someone whose entire ""brand"" is to break the mold, to turn the way we do things on its head. Amazon did this with retail, Uber did it with taxi services, Airbnb did it with travel, Tinder did it with dating, Slack is doing it with email, Spotify is doing it with music, peer-to-peer lending is changing banking.

Disrupters don't fix what's broken because they don't innovate from inside the system. They break the mold, change our thinking about the mold and then hand us the new rules for how things work.

Just look at the Big Five companies that drive the Internet economy -- all disrupters -- Apple, Microsoft, Google, Amazon and Facebook. They were early movers, they played by their own rules. First they disrupted how we do business online, and now they define it. And they control it. Apple just reported its highest earnings ever. Looks like disruption is working.

Today every taxi company in America could band together, and they still would not stop the power of Uber. That is because when you gain enough momentum, you dominate the market and the conversation.

In his effect on everything from Fox News to the Koch Brothers to the newspapers that endorse candidates, Trump has disrupted every single aspect of the game of politics and created new rules -- and based on the polls, what he's done is working.

And so far, most of the political establishment has been wrong about what this all means. They said he wouldn't last and now he's leading in the polls. They said he wouldn't disclose his financial information or quit reality TV and he did both. They said that every insulting, ridiculous, inaccurate and offensive thing that Trump has said would hurt him. No sign of this. They said no network would bow to his demands for shorter debates -- but they did.

Who knows what will happen when the Republican National Committee has to officially pick its candidate for president, but -- holy cow -- it sure will be interesting to watch. And who will we be watching? Trump.

We can call Trump the carnival barker or the political side show, but discrediting the one who is wielding new power is what we do when we lose control of the negotiation. It's not politics, it's business -- as usual. This is why Trump understands that he can ignore it.

He also understands something powerful: leverage. He is above Fox News, because he IS the news. And he knows that what he says AND where he goes is the story and therefore it is the business asset. So he is keeping control of that asset.

The establishment can't play by the disrupter's rules, because the rules are designed to destroy it.

The Republican establishment has already lost. Trump will be the party's next nominee no matter how many times he says he won't call Megyn Kelly a bimbo. It doesn't matter how many backroom meetings the Koch brothers organize or what Reince Priebus does to rally RNC delegates. It's over.

The newspaper endorsements are also irrelevant, as are the fringe politicians and reality stars who are lining up to endorse Trump. They are all too late.

The only thing that can beat Donald Trump now is the one thing he doesn't control: Americans who don't want his services as president of the United States.

And the only way they will make a difference if there are enough of them -- enough liberals, Democrats, independents, and yes, even some Republicans and conservatives -- who can appreciate the appeal of a disrupter, but don't want one to lead the country.",1
3828,Obama seeks to calm fears over terrorism ahead of holiday season,"President Obama will be conducting visits to the Pentagon and the National Counterterrorism Center this week. The visits aim to reassure the nation of the White House strategy for combatting terrorism.

Starbucks will expand in China – and it looks like a smart idea

President Obama addresses the nation from the Oval Office at the White House in Washington, Dec. 6. Fears of terrorism are hanging over America’s holiday season, and Obama plans a series of events this week aimed at trying to allay concerns about his strategy for stopping the Islamic State group abroad and its sympathizers at home.

In an effort to ease fears relating to terrorism, President Obama will spend much of this coming week discussing his strategies for combatting the influence of the Islamic State (IS) militant group at home and abroad.

In recent weeks, the president has taken an increasingly soothing tone in response to terrorist attacks in Paris and San Bernardino, Calif., urging Americans not to allow themselves to be pulled apart by distrust and fear.

""Terrorists like ISIL are trying to divide us along lines of religion and background,"" Obama said in his weekly address on Sunday, using an acronym for the extremist group. ""That's how they stoke fear. That's how they recruit.""

However, for an increasing number of Americans, such fears are very real, in the wake of terrorist attacks in Paris and San Bernardino, Calif. In January a Press-GfK poll found 5 in 10 Americans believed the risk of a terrorist attack in the United States was high. A new survey reveals that number has increased to 7 in 10, despite attempts by the government to assure citizens there are no credible threats to the US.

In effort to publicize his the government's counterterrorism efforts, the president has scheduled a series of high-profile visits to the Pentagon and the National Counterterrorism Center this week, before leaving Washington for his annual two-week family holiday in Hawaii.

The Dec. 2 mass shooting in San Bernardino raised concerns about the US government's ability to identify lone-wolf radicals who may have been inspired by Islamic State. The US government has been successful in intercepting would-be terrorists who have been in contact with terrorist recruiters online, but the fact that the shooters in the San Bernardino attacks managed to remain under the government's radar until they killed 14 people at a health department holiday party has fueled fears that the government may not be doing enough.

The recruitment strategies employed by IS, including an online approach that focuses on inspiring lone attacks, has forced US intelligence officials to engage in a war on multiple fronts, from the Middle East to social media.

Obama will start the week with a National Security Council meeting at the Pentagon, followed by a public update about the US strategy against Islamic State.

On Thursday, Obama will visit the National Counterterrorism Center, which analyzes intelligence to stay abreast of recruiting methods and other information on terrorist groups. Obama is scheduled to address reporters after a briefing at the suburban Virginia facility.

The visits are seen as counterweights to the increased fear over terror attacks in the public and in the widely-viewed presidential election campaigns. Previously, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump proposed banning Muslims from entering the US, a suggestion that the president has alluded to in public comments urging Americans to remain united.

""We cannot turn against one another by letting this fight be defined as a war between America and Islam,"" Obama said on Sunday.

This report includes material from The Associated Press.",1
1722,Democratic debate: Fact-checking the candidates,"Washington (CNN) The Democratic candidates for president gathered in Las Vegas for their first debate Tuesday, and CNN's Reality Check team spent the night putting their statements and assertions to the test.

The team of reporters, researchers and editors across CNN listened throughout the debate, selecting key statements and then rating them: True; Mostly True; True, but Misleading; False; or It's Complicated.

Reality check: Martin O'Malley says U.S. has ""failed"" to invest in overseas human intelligence

O'Malley said, ""We have failed as a country to invest in the human intelligence that would allow us to not only make better decisions in Libya, but better decisions in Syria today. It's a huge national security failing.""

Given the opacity of the available data, it is difficult to issue a verdict on O'Malley's statement, but it is possible to provide some context to what he claims.

The National Intelligence Program requests congressional funding for the intelligence-gathering activities of six federal departments, the Central Intelligence Agency and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence.

As a matter of policy, the government does not disclose information about the budget of the NIP beyond the aggregate, or ""top-line"" amount requested and the amount approved by Congress.

The most recent year for which data on the approved congressional appropriation for the NIP is available is FY 2014. The aggregate amount approved for the year ending March 2015 was $50.5 billion. This amount represents a 3% increase over the previous year, which saw an annual NIP appropriation of $49.0 billion, partially due to reductions associated with the sequester.

The amount appropriated in FY 2012, the year during which the attack took place on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi, was $53.9 billion, the second-highest appropriation during the decade 2005-2014.

In August 2013, The Washington Post obtained documents from former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden regarding the previously undisclosed $52.6 billion FY 2013 budget, and providing a level of detail that had never been released on a previous U.S. intelligence budget. The documents indicated that the United States has 107,035 employees in the intelligence community. Of these, the largest employer of civilian intelligence officials is the CIA, which had the equivalent of 21,459 full-time civilian employees.

According to the leaked documents, in FY 2013, ""human intelligence operations,"" consisting of ""clandestine acquisition"" of documents and other material, ""collection by personnel in diplomatic and consular posts"" and ""official contacts with foreign governments"" comprised an annual budget of $3.6 billion.

While specific data on human intelligence operations is not available for other years, CNN military analyst Lt. Gen. Mark Hertling notes that the government has cut human intelligence operations relative to other forms of intelligence collection, fueling a major debate in the intelligence community since the 1990s.

An additional obstacle to effective human intelligence gathering is the lack of racial diversity within the CIA's own ranks, according to CIA Director John Brennan. Minorities make up less than 24% of the CIA workforce, and only 10.8% of its top senior intelligence service. Brennan noted that, in many of the countries that are the focus of the CIA's current work, it is harder for white employees, and easier for many minorities, to operate covertly.

Chafee said: ""We just spent half a billion dollars arming and training soldiers, the rebel soldiers in Syria, they quickly joined the other side.""

The Obama administration recently announced it was going to suspend the train and equip program in Syria and not take on new recruits while they assessed how to better to improve on the program. To be sure, the program faced many challenges despite the near $500 million price tag. In testimony last month, U.S. Central Command Commander Gen. Lloyd Austin said only ""four or five"" graduates of the program were on the battlefield at that time, nine months after the program began.

An initial group of 54 rebels that had been put into northern Syria this summer came under attack by al Qaeda affiliate Jabhat al-Nusra and ceased to function as a fighting force, the Pentagon said last month. At least five of those forces were captured by al Nusra but their fate is not clear. Pentagon officials told CNN in August that some of those rebels got stuck in Turkey and never actually crossed the border into Syria, while others just simply ran away after coming under attack and never came back to regroup with their unit.

And then U.S. officials confirmed last month that coalition-issued pickup trucks and ammunition had fallen into the hands of al Qaeda-linked forces in Syria. But rather than evidence of rebels joining the other side, that equipment was given up in order to gain ""safe passage,"" according to Central Command spokesman Col. Patrick Ryder.

To suggest that all graduates of the program defected from their ranks to groups opposing the U.S.-led coalition is not true.

Reality check: Did Hillary Clinton not have a position on Keystone?

Clinton said she never had a position on the controversial Keystone XL Pipeline before she said last month that she would oppose it.

""I never took a position on Keystone until I took a position on Keystone,"" she said.

But as a member of the Obama administration, the then-secretary of state indicated she was likely to support it -- though she never said so explicitly.

""We haven't finish all of the analysis,"" Clinton told the Commonwealth Club in October 2010. ""So as I say, we've not yet signed off on it. But we are inclined to do so and we are for several reasons.""

Over the next five years, Clinton would repeatedly decline to say what her opinion was while the Obama administration studied the project. Last month she finally said, ""I oppose it.""

O'Malley made the pitch Tuesday night that he could do better than all the promises made by Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders and others because he had already pushed those priorities into law when he was governor.

""We raised the minimum wage, passed the living wage, invested more in infrastructure, went four years in a row without a penny's increase for college tuition,"" O'Malley said.

He also increased spending on roads and capital projects and succeeded, after many years of failed attempts, in increasing the state's gas tax to pay for those improvements.

Clinton said, ""I did say when I was secretary of state three years ago that I hoped it would be the gold standard. It was just finally negotiated last week and in looking at it, it did not meet my standards.""

Negotiations on the TPP trade agreement began while Clinton was secretary of state, but the significant details were worked out after she left that office.

In fact, Clinton did not say she ""hoped"" the TPP would be the gold standard, at the time she said the deal set the gold standard.

""This TPP sets the gold standard in trade agreements to open free, transparent, fair trade, the kind of environment that has the rule of law and a level playing field,"" Clinton said at an event in Australia in 2012. ""And when negotiated, this agreement will cover 40 percent of the world's total trade and build in strong protections for workers and the environment.""

Nearly three years have passed, and Clinton has been out of office for most of that time as talks have proceeded on the important details of the deal. As such, it is reasonable for Clinton to claim that the deal has changed since she supported it and was involved in its negotiation.

However, in some ways, the deal has strengthened over the years in areas that Clinton has cited as key concerns.

Clinton now says the deal doesn't do enough to address currency manipulation. But the deal didn't include clear language on that topic in 2013 either, when critics in Congress were calling for it to be added.

She also says she is concerned about the benefits the deal gives to pharmaceutical companies -- which are strengthened under TPP, but less than they would have been under the deal in its 2013 state.

VERDICT: Clinton's claim she said she ""hoped"" TPP would be the gold standard is false. She said it was the gold standard and fully supported the negotiations. Her broader point about the deal changing since she left office is True, but Misleading. The deal has changed in the past three years, but in some instances those changes have improved the very deficiencies she cites.

CNN's Anderson Cooper grilled Sanders repeatedly on whether he was protecting gun manufacturers from lawsuits. After some explaining, Sanders landed on a simple answer: ""Of course not.""

Sanders has been nailed by liberals and his Democratic opponents for his positions on gun control, including his decision to vote against the Brady bill and for allowing Amtrak riders to bring guns in checked bags. And his comment during the debate sounded like a sharp stance in favor of clamping down on gun manufacturers, defending his vote to shield them from litigation as part of a ""large and complicated bill.""

""Where you have manufacturers and where you have gun shops knowingly giving guns to criminals or aiding and abetting that, of course we should take action,"" he said Tuesday night.

But in a July interview with CNN, Sanders sounded starkly different, saying that gun manufacturers could not be held responsible. The sole difference was that in that interview Sanders did not say the manufacturer was aware of the crime that would later be committed.

""If somebody has a gun and it falls into the hands of a murderer and that murderer kills somebody with the gun, do you hold the gun manufacturer responsible?"" he asked. ""Not any more than you would hold a hammer company responsible if somebody beats somebody over the head with a hammer. That is not what a lawsuit should be about.""

Reality check: Bernie Sanders said, ""African-American youth unemployment is 51%, Hispanic youth unemployment is 36%. It seems to me instead of building more jails and providing more incarceration maybe just maybe we should be putting money into education and jobs for our kids.""

There is certainly an employment crisis among minority youth. But as he has done in the past, Sanders may have misspoken when he cited those statistics.

The left-leaning Economic Policy Institute has found that 51.3% of black and 36.1% Hispanic high school graduates, age 17 to 20, are underemployed. That means they either don't have a job, aren't working as many hours as they would like or aren't currently looking for work but would like a job.

The comparable number for whites is 33.8%.

The official unemployment rate for black youth, age 16 to 24, was 20.7%. For Hispanic youth, it's 12.7%, while for white youth, it's 10.3%, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. The government data is not limited to high school graduates and has a wider age range.

Reality check: Hillary Clinton said, ""We have to look at the fact that we lose 90 people a day from gun violence. This has gone on too long and it's time the entire country stood up against the NRA.""

According to data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, there were 33,636 people killed by firearms in 2013, the last full year for which data is available. That averages to about 92 people a day. However, the number includes suicides, unintentional deaths, and incidents with undetermined intent as well as violence-related firearm deaths (homicide and legal intervention). In 2013, 11,675 people were killed in violence-related deaths by homicide or legal intervention, which equates to almost 32 deaths a day. The CDC reports 505 unintentional deaths by firearms in 2013, or just more than one death per day. They also report 281 deaths where the intent was undetermined in 2013.

Ninety-two people did die each day in 2013 from a firearm injury. However, the number of people killed from violence-related homicides and legal interventions in 2013 was much lower -- about 32 deaths a day.

Reality check: Bernie Sanders said, ""It is wrong today in a rigged economy that 57% of all new income is going to the top 1%.""

The top 1% saw their incomes soar 27.1% during that time period, while the bottom 99% got an only 4.3% bump in income. Healthy stock market returns helped fuel income gains among the wealthy.

But the good news for the bottom 99% was that 2014 was the first year of real recovery from Great Recession losses. That's thanks to a drop in the unemployment rate from 6.6% at the start of 2014 to 5.6% by year's end.",1
1479,Carson takes lead from Trump in new national poll,"Ben Carson has seized the national lead from Donald Trump in a new poll, in a development sure to force the billionaire businessman to modify his well-polished campaign stump boast that he's ""leading every poll.""

Released ahead of Wednesday's third Republican presidential primary debate, the CBS News/New York Times Poll showed Carson leading nationally with 26 percent, to Trump's 22 percent.

The survey follows a string of Iowa polls that showed the retired neurosurgeon pulling ahead in the first-in-the-nation caucus state. Trump, who had led the field nationally and in key states since the summer, has tried to downplay the results but on Tuesday acknowledged Carson is gaining momentum.

""Ben Carson is now doing well,"" Trump said in an interview Tuesday morning on MSNBC.

At the same time, Trump has made clear he plans to challenge Carson at Wednesday's primary debate as the two battle for the top spot.

Trump previously called Carson ""low energy"" and questioned his immigration stance. On Tuesday, he predicted Carson would have to deal with more scrutiny from all directions.

""One thing I know about a frontrunner, you get analyzed 15 different ways from China. A lot of things will come out,"" he said.

He continued to tout his own numbers and support.

""I have tremendous crowds and tremendous love in the room and, you know, we seem to have hit a chord. But some of these polls coming out, I don't quite get it. I was No. 1 pretty much in Iowa from the beginning, and I would say we're doing very well there. So I'm a little bit surprised,"" he said. ""The other polls, as you know, in other states are extraordinary.""

The most recent Iowa poll showing Carson ahead was conducted by Monmouth University and released Monday. It showed Carson leading Trump by 14 points, his biggest lead to date.

Trump has led the Republican field nationally in almost every poll until now.

The CBS News/New York Times survey showed the rest of the candidates trailing in single digits. Florida Sen. Marco Rubio was in third with 8 percent, followed by former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and former HP chief Carly Fiorina with 7 percent.

The poll of 575 GOP primary voters was taken Oct. 21-25, and had a margin of error of 6 percentage points.",1
992,"Hillary isn't winning over many pundits, even on the left","Hillary Clinton is clobbering Bernie Sanders—and yet getting negative reviews from some of the pundits.

How is that possible? The Democratic race is essentially over. President Obama is privately telling donors it’s time to get on the Hillary train, the New York Times reports. A front-runner who wins in state after state usually basks in a winner’s aura as the party coalesces around her, and draws glowing profiles of how she and her team did it.

Sure, Hillary was always expected to beat Bernie. It’s also true that Clinton has never been beloved by the press, and the feeling is mutual.

But the larger problem is the outlook as the commentary class looks ahead to the fall.

Until the last couple of weeks, the conventional wisdom was that a Trump nomination would all but assure a second Clinton presidency. After all, she’s the former senator and secretary of State with an awesome political machine, and he’s the untested billionaire with a penchant for divisive rhetoric. Plus, Democrats have an Electoral College edge and have won the popular vote in five of the last six campaigns.

But some commentators see troubling signs in Clinton’s performance so far and wonder how she would withstand a Trump onslaught. The Donald has high negatives, to be sure, but Hillary does as well.

An unsparing assessment comes from Joe Klein, who has known the Clintons for a quarter century and mostly written sympathetically about them since his 1992 New York magazine cover story on Bill Clinton.

Klein agrees with Hillary’s self-assessment that she is not a natural politician, but goes much further in weighing a Trump matchup:

“Clinton seems particularly ill equipped for the task. She is our very own quinoa and kale salad, nutritious but bland. Worse, she’s the human embodiment of the Establishment that Trump has been running against…

“Indeed, her real problem is that she’s too much of a politician. She still speaks like politicians did 20 years ago, when her husband was President. This year, the candidates who have seemed the most appealing–Trump, Sanders, John Kasich–don’t use the oratorical switchbacks that have been beaten to death since John F. Kennedy.”

It’s no secret that Sanders has pushed Clinton to the left on trade, immigration, Wall Street and other issues. But Klein says that is often viewed as dissembling:

“There is an odd new law of U.S. politics: You can lie, as Trump does all the time, egregiously, but you can’t temporize. You can’t avoid a position on the XL pipeline or the Trans-Pacific trade deal, as Clinton tried to do in the campaign. You can’t try to please too many people too much of the time. Raising your voice to make a point–which Clinton does all the time, disastrously, because it seems such a conscious act–won’t get you anywhere unless you’re really angry.

“In the end, I’m not at all certain that Clinton can beat Trump.”

A note about her speaking style: When Clinton won five states on Tuesday night, I tweeted that she was shouting her speech and that it would be more effective with the audience at home if she was more conversational. I didn’t say she was shrill, I didn’t say she should smile, and in the past I’ve criticized Sanders for shouting his way through debates.

But I was hit with hundreds of tweets declaring me to be a horrible, misogynistic sexist. Some of this was a wave powered by what others had said about her speech. Maybe my quick take was wrong. But I hope we’re not entering a period where any criticism of the presumptive Democratic nominee is treated as sexism.

Other left-wing pundits, driven in part by ideology, fear the worst. This Salon headline boils it down:

“Hillary Will Never Survive the Trump Onslaught: It’s Not Fair, But It Makes Her a Weak Nominee.”

Clinton’s largest problem, in my view, is her low polling marks on honesty, a result of the email scandal and perhaps decades of scars of accumulated accusations, some of them fair and some exaggerated.

Veteran journalist Jeff Greenfield, writing earlier in Politico, spells out three reasons why Clinton could prove to be a weak candidate:

“First, Hillary Clinton commands little trust among an electorate that is driven today by mistrust. Second, her public life—the posts she has held, the positions she has adopted (and jettisoned)—define her as a creature of the ‘establishment’ at a time when voters regard the very idea with deep antipathy. And finally, however she wishes it were not so, however much she argues that she represents the future as America’s first prospective female president,

Clinton still embodies the past, just as she did in 2008 when she lost to Barack Obama. The combination of those three factors is already playing out in the Democratic primary, where younger voters are turning away from her and embracing a geriatric, white-haired alternative in droves.”

When Clinton recalibrates, says Greenfield, “she always embraces the politically popular stand.”

However lukewarm the Democratic base may be about Hillary, she enjoys broad support within the party and most Bernie backers should have no trouble shifting their allegiance to her. The same can’t be said for Trump, who is weathering a Republican revolt against the likelihood of his winning the nomination.

We’ll know Hillary is solving her enthusiasm problem when she starts getting better reviews from journalists on the left.

Howard Kurtz is a Fox News analyst and the host of ""MediaBuzz"" (Sundays 11 a.m. and 5 p.m. ET). He is the author of five books and is based in Washington. Follow him at @HowardKurtz. Click here for more information on Howard Kurtz.",1
1343,5 takeaways from the Republican debate,"Manchester, New Hampshire (CNN) It was the revenge of the governors as Republicans met for their final debate before the Granite State's primary on Tuesday.

New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie knocked the rising Florida Sen. Marco Rubio down several pegs, while former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush went toe-to-toe with billionaire businessman Donald Trump and equaled or got the better of his nemesis. Ohio Gov. John Kasich, meanwhile, stayed with his positive game and seized opportunities to tout his own record.

Here are five takeaways from Saturday night's debate on ABC as the primary clock counts down.

After a stronger-than-expected third-place finish in Iowa -- and taking a clear lead over other ""establishment"" candidates -- Rubio knew he'd be wearing a big target Saturday night.

But whether he was over-rehearsed or under-prepared, Rubio was off-key as he responded to the attacks.

The opponent responsible for most of them: Christie.

From the debate's outset, he pestered Rubio. ""You have not been involved in a consequential decision where you had to be held accountable,"" he said.

But he then opened up a brutal line of attack in suggesting that the Florida senator only knew how to turn a phrase rather than accomplish something.

""Marco, the thing is this,"" Christie said. ""When you're president of the United States, when you're a governor of a state, the memorized 30-second speech where you talk about how great America is at the end of it doesn't solve one problem for one person.""

In answering Christie, Rubio consistently turned to the same talking point, casting President Barack Obama as calculating rather than incompetent, and intent on changing America for the worse.

The fourth time he invoked Obama, though, the audience turned on him, booing the answer. And then moderator David Muir drove in the knife, saying: ""The governor wasn't talking about the President.""

Rubio rebounded a bit near the debate's end, when he hammered Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton for supporting abortion rights -- and won applause from the audience for it.

Of Democrats, Rubio said: ""They are the extremists on the issue of abortion, and I can't wait to expose them in a general election.""

Christie, Kasich and Bush know that since they're all competing for the same pool of more moderate voters, there probably aren't enough tickets out of New Hampshire's primary for all three.

But the trio were still happy to unite in attacking the senators in the race (and, in Bush's case, Trump).

The only mild governor-on-governor criticism came from Christie, who noted that Kasich had increased the number of Ohio's government employees. But that followed praise of Kasich's job performance, with Christie saying he'd ""done a great job in Ohio.""

And Bush, in arguing that money and authority should shift from the federal government to the states, said: ""I trust Kasich and Christie to build the roads in their states.""

All three turned in strong performances Saturday night -- and their timing couldn't have been better, given Rubio's on-stage struggles and New Hampshire's reputation for voters who make their decisions at the last minute.

Kasich played up his time as the House's lead budget-writer during the surpluses of the 1990s and his record in turning a deficit into a surplus in Ohio.

Bush effectively traded blows with Trump, lighting into him on eminent domain with a brutal response to the real estate mogul's accusations that Bush wanted to sound tough: ""How tough is it to take property from an elderly woman?""

And Christie, who risked coming across as a bully in order to knock Rubio down early in the debate, was moving when he talked about drug addiction, linking his position on helping addicts to his stance opposing abortion, saying he wants to support kids after they're born as well as before.

""I'm pro-life when they get out, and it's a lot more complicated,"" he said.

Still, there are two big questions: Is it too little, too late? And on a Saturday night, how many New Hampshire voters were watching?

3. Trump vs. Cruz: The fight that didn't happen

They've bashed each other on the campaign trail in recent days, but Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and Trump -- the two top-finishing candidates in Iowa's caucuses -- seemed to want nothing to do with each other on the debate stage.

It was one fight that was conspicuously absent Saturday night, and it contributed to Rubio's awful night. The Florida senator might have been hoping that those two would bash each other -- but it didn't happen, and he clearly was Enemy No. 1.

Cruz had a revealing answer when asked who he expects will win the Super Bowl: ""With an eye toward February 20, Carolina,"" he said, alluding to the South Carolina primary.

Why it matters: New Hampshire's more moderate electorate means it's not a state where Cruz is likely to shine. He could, though, win in South Carolina -- and his campaign's strategy largely relies on racking up delegates in Southern states with March primaries.

Trump's answers were revealing in their own way, demonstrating that his support isn't about an ideological opposition to big government as much as a desire for strength and a sense that the government is incompetent.

At one point, he defended eminent domain, a practice he's used as a real estate developer. Later Trump backed the role of government-sponsored health care, saying: ""You're not gonna let people die sitting in the middle of the street in any city in this country.""

Trump was restrained for most of the night -- with the exception of a bit of audience-taunting when, during an exchange with Bush, he dismissed those booing as his donors, and with a single shot at Cruz during his closing statement (more on that later).

Cruz made false claims about CNN's caucus-night reporting -- and the network immediately called him on it.

As caucus-goers were still voting in Iowa, Cruz's staffers had wrongly cited CNN in playing up the idea that former neurosurgeon Ben Carson was dropping out of the race.

""My political team saw CNN's report breaking news and they forwarded that news to our volunteers. It was being covered on live television,"" Cruz said Saturday. He said CNN reported that Carson was suspending his campaign ""from 6:30 p.m. to 9:15,"" and ""didn't correct that story until 9:15 that night.""

""What Senator Cruz said tonight in the debate is categorically false,"" CNN responded in a statement put out while the debate was in progress. ""CNN never corrected its reporting because CNN never had anything to correct. The Cruz campaign's actions the night of the Iowa caucuses had nothing to do with CNN's reporting. The fact that Senator Cruz continues to knowingly mislead the voters about this is astonishing.""

CNN had reported that Carson would continue campaigning after taking a break at home in Florida. His next stop, reporter Chris Moody said, would be Washington, D.C., for the National Prayer Breakfast.

Carson passed on the opening to go after Cruz directly Saturday night: ""I'm not going to use this opportunity to savage the reputation of Sen. Cruz.""

But he did say he was ""very disappointed that members of (Cruz's) team thought so little of me"" that they would believe he was dropping out after all the effort his campaign put into the race. He pointed to his dedicated volunteers and noted that ""one even died"" -- a reference to an auto accident in which one of his supporters was killed.

Trump, who'd avoided Cruz all night, did take one shot at him at the debate's end. After Cruz cited his victory in Iowa during his closing statement, Trump said: ""That's because you got Ben Carson's votes, by the way.""

Thought the 2016 debate season couldn't get any weirder? Think again.

At the start of ABC's broadcast Saturday night, Carson -- the second man due to appear on stage -- seemed not to hear his name. So he lingered behind the curtain as other candidates, confused, walked past him.

Soon, Trump -- who apparently had the same problem -- joined Carson in waiting.

And Kasich wasn't introduced at all, until the moderators were told they'd missed the Ohio governor.

Moderator Martha Raddatz defused the situation by pointing to a loud and rowdy audience that made it difficult to hear.

But on television, it was baffling: The names of the candidates came through loud and clear.

Carson -- late to the stage -- quickly disappeared on it. And while he got supportive chuckles from the audience for his cracks about not getting enough air time -- ""I thought maybe you thought already I had dropped out,"" he said -- that's not the way to climb above his fourth-place finish in Iowa.",1
187,Lawmakers caught in battle between House ethics cops,"WASHINGTON —Two Capitol Hill panels that police the ethics of members of Congress appear to be battling about which has authority over 10 lawmakers accused of unwittingly accepting improper travel and gifts from the state oil company of Azerbaijan.

A Washington Post story published Wednesday detailed the contents of a confidential Office of Congressional Ethics (OCE) investigation of a 2013 trip to Azerbaijan, a former republic of the Soviet Union in Central Asia.

The OCE was created in 2008 to vet ethics cases and recommend action to the Ethics Committee. The Ethics Committee retains sole authority to judge whether members have broken the rules and to mete out punishment. The committee apparently asked the OCE to drop this case. There is no evidence the committee has ever made such a request before.

The OCE report indicated that 10 members of Congress had improperly accepted travel and gifts from the state-owned oil company of Azerbaijan, which secretly paid for the trip and not the non-profit groups that purportedly sponsored it. The lawmakers said they had no idea the non-profits were not the true sponsors of the trip, and apparently neither did the Ethics Committee, which approved the members' travel in advance.

The report found no evidence that the lawmakers made any effort to aid an Azeri pipeline project that the state-owned oil company was pushing at the time.

Rep. Gregory Meeks, D-N.Y. — one of the lawmakers involved in the case — said the Ethics Committee asked the OCE to stop its investigation of the trip because the committee had started one of its own. OCE declined, however, the Post reported.

Such a refusal is ""pretty outrageous,"" said Chris DeLacy, a partner at the law firm Holland & Knight who represents lawmakers in ethics cases. ""It's like we've generated two separate Ethics Committees and OCE has gone rogue.""

The OCE report indicates that Meeks did not cooperate with its investigation, according to the Post, but Meeks' office says that is not true.

Meeks gave OCE ""documents and other information in response to its request,"" said spokeswoman Sophia Lafargue, but OCE did not tell him that the Ethics Committee had asked it to end its review despite House rules requiring it do so.

""This is why he would not be interviewed by OCE, and this is why OCE said in the leaked report that he 'declined to cooperate,' "" Lafargue said. ""Congressman Meeks is committed to cooperate with the Ethics Committee in its review of this matter.""

The 2008 House resolution that created the OCE states that when it is notified that the Ethics Committee is investigating a case, ""the board shall refer such matter to the committee and cease its preliminary or second-phase review ... and so notify any individual who is the subject of the review.""

OCE's own rules, however, state it will stop its investigation when the Ethics Committee starts ""an investigatory subcommittee"" — the committee's rarely used formal investigative process. The committee makes a public announcement when it creates those subcommittees and has not announced one for the Azerbaijan trip.

OCE may ""draw a lot of flak"" for the Azerbaijan case, but the process worked as it should except for the leak, said Craig Holman, government affairs lobbyist at the liberal-leaning watchdog group Public Citizen.

The OCE investigated and reported to the committee, Holman said, adding that if the committee ""prevailed upon the OCE to not do a report, (the case) probably would have been buried."" The report shows a real concern, Holman said: the use of bogus non-profits by a foreign government to circumvent congressional travel rules.

Holman said the dispute between the two bodies is reminiscent of the early days of the OCE, when the two publicly feuded repeatedly over jurisdiction and the rules of investigations. But he said, ""I do not see it escalating to the point we saw in the very beginning.""

The case also involves the first leak of a full OCE report before its public release, which has led lawyers who defend lawmakers to call the entire process unfair.

There have been more ethics case since OCE started, DeLacy said, a trend for which the office deserves some credit. But if the intent of the law was to spur for Ethics Committee investigations, and the committee has launched a probe in a case, there is no reason for OCE to keep investigating.

Earlier this year, the House changed its own rules to give lawmakers a new defense against ethics investigations. The language stated that the two ethics bodies ""may not take any action that would deny any person any right or protection provided under the Constitution of the United States,"" an apparent reference to long-simmering concerns that the OCE does not allow the subjects of investigations to see the evidence against them. At the time, Elliot Berke, a lawyer who has defended several Republicans in ethics cases, said, ""from Day One of the OCE's existence, there have been serious concerns about lack of due process.""

The OCE report apparently found that the 10 members who traveled to Azerbaijan — Meeks; Jim Bridenstine, R-Okla.; Yvette Clarke, D-N.Y.; Danny Davis, D-Ill.; Rubén Hinojosa, D-Texas; Sheila Jackson Lee, D-Texas; Leonard Lance, R-N.J.; Michelle Lujan Grisham, D-N.M.; Ted Poe, R-Texas, and then-congressman Steve Stockman, R-Texas — were unaware that the trip was improperly funded by a foreign government. Nevertheless, in similar past cases, the Ethics Committee has required lawmakers to pay back the costs of travel, which for this trip would total thousands of dollars for each traveler. In past cases, lawmakers have been allowed to use campaign money instead of their personal funds to pay these costs.

Airfare for the members and their spouses totaled more than $110,000, the Post reported.",1
5209,"New O'Keefe Video: Clinton Campaign, DNC Coordinated With Organizations To Incite Violence At Trump Events","A new video investigation released Monday by James O’Keefe’s Project Veritas Action shows how Democratic-aligned organizations used a tactic called 'bird-dogging' to incite violence and chaos at Trump rallies for media consumption. A key Clinton operative is captured on camera saying, ""It doesn’t matter what the friggin’ legal and ethics people say, we need to win this motherfucker.""

 

 In the video, Democratic activists Robert Creamer and Scott Foval reveal their strategy to create a sense of ""anarchy"" in and around Donald Trump events over the course of the campaign. Foval tells an undercover operative: ""One of the things we do is we stage very authentic grassroots protests right in their faces at their own events. Like, we infiltrate.""

 

 ""So the term bird dogging: You put people in the line, at the front which means that they have to get there at six in the morning because they have to get in front at the rally, so that when Trump comes down the rope line, they’re the ones asking him the question in front of the reporter, because they’re pre-placed there,"" explains Foval. ""To funnel that kind of operation, you have to start back with people two weeks ahead of time and train them how to ask questions. You have to train them to bird dog.”

 

 In another undercover interview, Creamer tells Project Veritas that his organization, Democracy Partners, has daily check-ins with the Clinton campaign in order to coordinate efforts. “I just had a call with the campaign and the DNC, every day at one o’clock,” says Creamer subordinate Zulema Rodriguez in the video.

 

 Foval explains to O'Keefe's undercover journalist how the web of Democratic organizations is designed to subvert laws preventing Super PACs and political action groups from organizing directly with campaigns: ""The campaign pays DNC, DNC pays Democracy Partners, Democracy Partners pays the Foval Group, the Foval Group goes and executes the shit on the ground... Democracy Partners is the tip of the spear on that stuff.""

 

 ""We're consultants so we're not the official entity and so those conversations can be had between consultants,"" Foval explains, “The campaigns and DNC cannot go near [Democratic super PAC] Priorities [USA], but I guaran-damn-tee you that the people who run the Super PACs all talk to each other and we and a few other people are the hubs of that communication.”

 

 One event specifically mentioned by the Democratic operatives to have been 'bird-dogged' was the September incident in North Carolina where a 69-year-old woman was supposedly assaulted by a Trump supporter. In reality, the woman was ""trained"" by Foval as part of his operation. “She was one of our activists,” he says.

 

 “I’m saying we have mentally ill people, that we pay to do shit, make no mistake,” says Foval in the video. “Over the last twenty years, I’ve paid off a few homeless guys to do some crazy stuff, and I’ve also taken them for dinner, and I’ve also made sure they had a hotel, and a shower. And I put them in a program. Like I’ve done that. But the reality is, a lot of people especially our union guys. A lot of our union guys…they’ll do whatever you want. They’re rock and roll. When I need to get something done in Arkansas, the first guy I call is the head of the AFL-CIO down there, because he will say, ‘What do you need?’ And I will say, I need a guy who will do this, this and this. And they find that guy. And that guy will be like, Hell yeah, let’s do it.”

 

 ""It doesn't matter what the friggin' legal and ethics people say, we need to win this motherfucker,"" Foval also said. 

 

 Update: James O'Keefe Demands The Corporate Media to Report Veritas

 

 

 

 In this video, James O'Keefe explains how the corporate media, including Fox News, are allowing themselves to be intimidated by the Clintons and the DNC and are refusing to air the bombshell investigative video released by Project Veritas Action.",1
4883,"Yes, There Is a Clinton Double Standard","Anyone writing sentences like ‘nevertheless fuels the perception that the Clintons may have…’ might want to stop and think about whether they are reporting news or innuendo.

It’s Labor Day weekend, and the polls have tightened in the last week. Donald Trump has done nothing to earn this, of course. His schizophrenic jaunt from Mexico to Arizona—I love the Mexican people! I love them so much I’m creating a police force to send them home to Mexico!—was a mess.

Because Hillary Clinton is more unpopular than she’s been in a long time—or ever, if you believe the spin on the the new Washington Post/ABC poll. In that one, she’s 15 points underwater. Other recent polls have been both better and worse—she’s minus-17 in YouGov/Economist but only minus-8 in Fox. But the picture is pretty consistent overall, and it’s bleak.

Her unfavorable numbers over the course of the last several months tell an interesting and mostly overlooked tale. The conventional wisdom is that her numbers went south after the Times broke the story in March 2015 of the email server, and they’ve been lower-hemispheric ever since. That’s true—but there are variations within that are worth examining.

Through the summer of 2015, she was barely underwater—three to five points. By December and January it was marginally worse, six or seven in most polls. But she didn’t hit double digits until March and April, and then she really bottomed out around minus-20 in late May and early June.

What was happening? Well, she and Bernie Sanders were going at it pretty good, which surely reduced some liberals’ opinions of her. But mostly she was getting buffeted about on the winds of scandal—the Benghazi committee was leaking a steady trail of morsels, and in late May the State Department inspector general came out with its report saying she hadn’t gotten White House approval for using the private server.

In other words, there looks to be a link between fresh Clinton scandal stories in the newspapers and her approval numbers dropping from a still-lamentable-but-manageable minus-8 or 10 to a (gulp!) minus-15 or 17. And in the last two weeks, of course, as we’ve seen a new batch of such articles, her negatives have inched back up, and the head-to-head polls have tightened.

What does this tell you to look forward to? You don’t need the political acumen of Lyndon Johnson to figure this out. It means the Republicans, and Judicial Watch, the source of most of these scandal stories, are going to do everything they can to keep them on the front pages between now and Election Day. Oh—with assists from Julian Assange and Vladimir Putin.

That’s the only environment in which Trump has a remote chance of winning—if it “seems” like the Clintons are “up to their old tricks”; if there are stories out there that, while including “no smoking gun,” nevertheless “feed” the “perception” that the Clintons are corrupt.

The media are showing every sign of falling for each and every breathless Judicial Watch press release that lands in their inboxes without the least bit of skepticism and scrutiny. I discussed the weaknesses of that big AP story in my previous column. There’ve been other lame stories recently, too. The Crown Prince of Bahrain one was another preposterous Clinton Rules piece. He made his donation to the Clinton Global Initiative—which wasn’t really a donation per se but seed money for a program for Bahraini students to study in America—long before Clinton became secretary of state—so he’d have to have been clairvoyant to know he was going to be corrupting a future secretary four and five years later.

Matthew Yglesias cited a few of the whoppers in a strong piece that noted the curious difference in coverage received by the Clinton Foundation and one run by Colin Powell. America’s Promise was headed by Alma Powell while Colin was secretary of state in the early 2000s and, according to Yglesias, got money from disgraced Enron CEO Ken Lay while the State Department was helping Enron resolve a dispute in India.

Why the difference in coverage? Yes, I know a lot of people would say because Colin Powell is clean and the Clintons are corrupt. I say the answer is more likely that Colin Powell didn’t have a Judicial Watch poking and prodding into every aspect of his life trying to make him look dirty and send him to jail. He also didn’t face an industry of “book” authors willing to print the most fantastical lies about him, lies gobbled up by hundreds of thousands of readers. Go look at the Times nonfiction best-seller list. Sit down first.

That insane scrutiny means two things. One, the media really ought to try to be careful about just swallowing whatever connections and insinuations Judicial Watch and other right-wing Clinton haters trumpet for the next nine weeks. It’s a rather high-stakes time. If there’s a legit Clinton story, obviously, run with it. But if people find themselves writing sentences with phrases like “nevertheless fuels the perception that the Clintons or their associates may have…” they might want to stop and think about whether what they have on their hands is news or innuendo.

But two—yes, the scrutiny places responsibility on the Clintons, too. It may not be fair that they and they alone have a Judicial Watch on their tail. But fair or not, it’s a fact. And they should behave accordingly. And they should know that the right is going to try to keep the words “Clinton” and “scandal” next to each other on the front pages for the next nine weeks, and they should do everything in their power to keep those words out of the papers. Announcing that they’ve rethought matters and Chelsea won’t remain on the foundation board would be a good start.",1
4750,"Libertarian VP Candidate Gives Up, Will Focus on Preventing Trump Presidency","As some presumably small portion of Americans sat through a dull debate between the Republican and Democratic vice-presidential nominees on Tuesday night, a far more interesting drama was unfolding within the Libertarian ticket. VP candidate Bill Weld told the Boston Globe that he plans to focus on attacking Donald Trump for the remainder of the campaign — essentially admitting that running mate Gary Johnson can not become president.*

Trump has Weld’s “full attention,” he explained, because his agenda is so terrible it’s “in a class by itself.” “I think Mr. Trump’s proposals in the foreign policy area, including nuclear proliferation, tariffs, and free trade, would be so hurtful, domestically and in the world, that he has my full attention,” Weld said.

Apparently he avoided acknowledging that his new mission amounts to working to make Hillary Clinton president. He pointed out that he disagrees with Clinton on fiscal and military issues, though last week on MSNBC he said he’s “not sure anybody is more qualified than Hillary Clinton to be president of the United States.”

It’s unusual for a candidate to admit defeat five weeks before the election, even though Johnson is at just 7.4 percent nationally in the Real Clear Politics polling average. However, Weld’s move doesn’t exactly constitute “going rogue,” since earlier in the day Johnson admitted in a CNN interview, “I guess I wasn’t meant to be president.” The Libertarian nominee was trying to argue that his lack of foreign-policy knowledge is an asset five days after he was unable to name a world leader he admires. Johnson described that as another “Aleppo moment,” referring to a previous gaffe in which he failed to recognize the name of the besieged Syrian city.

The gaffes led many to say Weld should be at the top of the ticket, and Weld strategists reportedly looked into the possibility of doing that, only to be shot down by Johnson.

Weld insists that he’s not abandoning Johnson, and that his running mate is fully in support of his strategy shift. “I have had in mind all along trying to get the Donald into third place, and with some tugging and hauling, we might get there,” he said.

However, Weld’s claim that there’s no discord on the Libertarian ticket wasn’t very convincing. He also suggested to the Globe that he may abandon the Libertarian party in the future. “I’m certainly not going to drop them this year,” he said.

Weld, a former two-term Republican governor of Massachusetts, said that after blocking a Trump presidency, he’d like to work with Republicans like Mitt Romney and Haley Barbour to rebuild the GOP.

“Maybe somebody is going to come up with a new playbook, and I don’t know who it’s going to be, but it would be fun to participate,” he said.

Maybe Mike Pence? Both vice-presidential candidates seem pretty eager to move past the humiliations of the 2016 campaign.

* Update: In an interview with Reason on Wednesday, Weld tried to clarify — or walk back — his remarks to the Globe:

He also posted a statement to Facebook:",1
5020,'The only other option': Bernie Sanders backers turn to Green party's Jill Stein,"Vanessa Tijerina was not politically active until a couple years ago. Then she started looking closely at problems in the healthcare system, feeling that mainstream politicians were not delivering solutions – and discovered Bernie Sanders.

Last September, at short notice, she drove three hours to San Antonio, Texas, from her home near the border with Mexico so she could join other Sanders supporters in a protest against a Democratic congressman who had criticised the Vermont senator. In January she marched through Manhattan for Sanders, inspired by his idealistic and unorthodox message.

And then the 74-year-old lost the Democratic presidential primary to Hillary Clinton, and backed her for the White House last month at the national convention. That was where Tijerina and Sanders diverged.

“A lot of us waited with bated breath, wondering: what’s he going to do?” she said. “Because depending on what he did, that’s where the movement was either going to go or not go. He decided to stay there, and the movement can’t stay there. It cannot stay in a centrist environment. The movement is antagonising that environment so we can’t stay there.”

Tijerina and others were calling for a new phase of a Sanders-style political revolution on Thursday, as the Green party kicked off its presidential nominating convention in the improbable location of Houston, Texas – Big Oil’s back yard. (The convention’s slogan is: “Houston, We Have a Solution”.)

“To me the Green party was the only other option,” Tijerina said in a conference room at the University of Houston. “There’s just no way that anything centre or right of centre was going to get America where it needed to be.”

The 38-year-old nurse is standing as a Green party candidate for a Texas congressional district this November.

“When I found out about Jill Stein, which was literally a month after I found out about Bernie – depending on who you ask, she is perhaps more progressive than Bernie,” Tijerina said. “She is perhaps more aggressive politically than Bernie and she is perhaps, some would say, less afraid, or less intimidated – or whatever it is, she has what Bernie has and perhaps more.”

Stein is set to be confirmed as the Green party’s nominee on Saturday and is openly courting the seemingly large number of Sanders supporters who are reluctant or refusing to heed his call to support Clinton. In a Real Clear Politics average of recent polls, Stein is at 3.9%, behind the Libertarian party’s Gary Johnson, at 8%; Donald Trump is at 36.9% and Clinton at 43.5%.

Hardly numbers to threaten the duopoly, but enough to potentially complicate close races in swing states in November and indicative of significant unhappiness with the Democratic and Republican candidates. (In 2012, Johnson received only 0.99% and Stein 0.36% of the popular vote.) Enough also to awaken some deep-seated Democratic angst rooted in the trauma of 2000, when some blamed Green party candidate Ralph Nader’s presence in Florida for costing Al Gore the general election and sending George W Bush to the White House.

Adding to the sense of the Green party as an irritant for Democrats, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange may address the convention via video link on Saturday, about two weeks after carefully timed leaked emails showed that Democratic National Committee officials seemingly plotted to undermine Sanders’ campaign, causing a storm and adding to his loyalists’ antagonism towards Clinton and the party.

Stein’s choice this week of the human rights activist Ajamu Baraka as her running mate might complicate the outreach. In a blogpost last September on the left’s response (or lack of it) to Saudi Arabia’s bombing of Yemen, Baraka wrote: “Sanders supporters have not only fallen into the ideological trap of a form of narrow ‘left’ nativism, but also the white supremacist ethical contradiction that reinforces racist cynicism in which some lives are disposable for the greater good of the west.

“And as much as the ‘Sandernistas’ attempt to disarticulate Sanders ‘progressive’ domestic policies from his documented support for empire … it should be obvious that his campaign is an ideological prop – albeit from a center/left position – of the logic and interests of the capitalist-imperialist settler state.”

A request for comment made through Stein’s campaign was not returned. But it would likely take much more than some debatable blog articles to persuade many of the convention-goers in Houston to vote for an establishment figure they see as emblematic of a dishonest, warmongering status quo that is in thrall to big corporations and unwilling or unable to solve systemic inequalities.

“Voting for the oligarchy is not how you get rid of the oligarchy,” said Carlos Martinez, 40, an activist from Texas who creates social media content. “I in good conscience cannot vote for somebody that supports interventionist wars and supports what Hillary Clinton supports, and I will vote for Jill Stein.”

Sanders, some Clinton supporters – and Trump himself – have argued that casting a ballot for the Green party is tantamount to helping the Republican candidate. Stein and her supporters, of course, reject that idea.

“I really can’t tell who or what Donald Trump is,” Martinez said, “but that doesn’t mean that I’m going to be fear-baited into supporting Hillary Clinton and I don’t think that the majority of Sanders supporters are scared to vote their conscience and they’re going to be fear-mongered into pulling the lever for somebody that’s against their own interests.”

Wearing a red “Feel the Bern” T-shirt, Pam Ellis attended a boisterous evening event designed to woo the “Bernie or Bust” crowd that drew a couple of hundred people.

“I have a conflict because I like Bernie; I never really cared that much for Hillary. Nothing specific or anything, I just feel like it’s more big money influence in politics,” the 57-year-old nurse said. Her top issues were access to education and healthcare, subjects that were at the heart of Sanders’ electoral pitch – focused, like Stein’s, on social justice.

“I think he furthered the Green party platform whether he intended to or not, brought it to the forefront and caused me to do a lot of research on the Green party, and that’s why I’m here now,” she said.

Ellis also dismissed the notion that voters should think tactically. “What good is it to live in the United States where you have the right to vote and the freedom to vote for who you want to, if you’re going to be scared into voting?” she said.

“I’m tired of the lesser of the evils. I’m just sick of that. That’s not what my father and his brothers went and fought in world war two for, so we could be scared into voting for one of two candidates. This is a huge country. We should have debates with the Libertarian party and the Green party. We need to hear from everybody.”",1
1171,"Trump, Clinton Head Into SC with Fierce Competition on Their Heels","The presidential candidates are laser-focused on South Carolina right now, with the Republican primary coming up on Feb. 20, and the Democratic primary on Feb. 27.

The latest surveys show Republican Donald Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton as the clear frontrunners. But the other candidates are waging fierce battles for second place.

Heading into South Carolina, Trump already has a solid lead. The latest Real Clear Politics average of recent polls shows the billionaire with 36 percent support, compared to about 20 percent for his nearest competitor, Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas.

Trump hopes to build on the momentum from his New Hampshire win.

""If we win here after winning so big in New Hampshire, we will make America great again -- that I can tell you,"" Trump said.

What's extraordinary about his New Hampshire win is the breadth of his victory. Trump won in virtually every category, capturing both men and women in the city and the countryside. He won voters of all ages, and both conservative and moderates, and in every issue group.

Meanwhile, Cruz says it's clear he's the main challenger to Trump.

""One of the most important conclusions coming out of these first two states is that the candidate who can beat Donald Trump is me,"" Cruz said.

Polls show Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush in third and fourth place right now.

And as of Wednesday, two GOP candidates are no longer in the race: former Hewlett Packard CEO Carly Fiorina and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie dropped out after weak showings in New Hampshire.

The Democratic race is also hotly contested. Bernie Sanders crushed Clinton in New Hampshire, but she leads him in South Carolina, with 62 percent compared to his 32 percent.

Clinton has acknowledged that she must figure out how to reach young voters, especially women. In New Hampshire, Sanders pulled in more than 80 percent of women voters under 30. Now she's reaching out to them.

""You may not support me, but I support you,"" Clinton said.

Sanders is also threatening Clinton with an impressive fundraising machine – and he's invested heavily in Nevada, which holds its Democratic caucus on Feb. 20.

He's clearly going after the minority vote, but so is Clinton. This week, the Congressional Black Caucus PAC voted to endorse the Democratic frontrunner.

If the polls are correct, Clinton and Trump should easily win in South Carolina. But the other candidates are fighting to catch up and March is coming – when more than 20 states will cast their votes.",1
764,Why Trump is a shocking GOP choice,"(CNN) Sometimes political change comes from unexpected people and at unexpected moments. One of the biggest surprises of 2016 is that Donald Trump is poised to win the nomination of the Republican Party while defying key elements of GOP orthodoxy.

While Trump may very well shift hard to the right in the general election (reversing the conventional pattern of running to the hard right in the primaries and then shifting to the center in the fall), the fact that he will win the nomination after having run such an eclectic and unorthodox campaign is something that party professionals will take note of.

Whether or not Trump really believes any of the heresies he's stated about GOP positions is besides the point, at least for the moment. And while Trump is a unique case given his celebrity stature, one thing is clear -- he has made statements that until this year most experts would have characterized as touching a third rail for anyone seeking to win the nomination.

Republican politicians have been pretty lockstep on policies for years. And Trump has stuck to the right, the far right, on questions like immigration. But the surprise of this year is that on a number of other issues Republican voters have been willing to vote for someone who refused to toe the party line.

Just this past week Trump reiterated his statements about being willing to raise taxes, an unheard-of position for a GOP presidential candidate since Ronald Reagan came to town in the 1980s.

Trump is certainly no Bernie Sanders. His overall tax agenda fits comfortably within the Reagan legacy: he would cut taxes for the wealthy and hope that supply side economics will work the magic its adherents claim. Yet he has refused to rule out some tax increases. Early on he announced that he favored higher taxes for hedge fund managers and last Sunday stated that taxes would go up on the wealthy.

This kind of statement was sure to kill a Republican candidacy in years past. Ever since anti-tax activist Grover Norquist pressured Republicans to sign a pledge stating that they would not raise taxes—and Reagan blasted the Democratic presidential candidate, Walter Mondale, in a 1984 debate after he admitted in a debate that he would have to do this—Republicans on the campaign trail never concede that they would take this step.

Even through his vacillations and flip-flops, Trump has now talked of higher taxes several times and many voters in the party seem willing to back him.

He has also avoided the familiar rhetoric about cutting entitlements or privatizing Social Security. ""I want to leave Social Security as it is,"" he said. Sounding very much like a Democrat, Trump has been pretty insistent throughout that he has no intention of going after these giant programs.

More to the point, he has offered rhetoric stating his support for what they accomplish. It is not because these programs are a third rail, according to Trump, but because they are good.

In his conflict with House Speaker Paul Ryan, Trump has warned that he disagreed with Ryan who ""wants to knock out Social Security, knock it down, way down. He wants to knock Medicare way down.""

In addition to being a sure-fire way to ""lose the election,"" Trump added that, ""more importantly, in a sense, I want to keep it. These people have been making their payments for their whole lives. I want to keep Social Security intact. Now, I want to get rid of waste, fraud and abuse. I want to do a lot of things to it that are going to make it much better, actually. But I'm not going to cut it, and I'm not going to raise ages (of eligibility), and I'm not going to do all of the things that they want to do.""

Trump is on to the secret that many red-state Republicans like their entitlements and are not enthused by party rhetoric about taking those benefits away. When tea party Republicans warned President Obama in 2010 to ""Take Your Government Hands Off My Medicare,"" they meant it.

Saying no to free trade

On free trade, Trump has been saying things that make a conservative's head spin. He has done extremely well in a number of states by talking about how trade agreements like NAFTA were disastrous to U.S. workers, destroying jobs and undercutting wages. ""No more sweatshops or pollution havens stealing jobs from American workers,"" he has said.

Of the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement between the U.S. and 11 other countries, which Trump calls ""ObamaTrade,"" he said: ""The TPP is a horrible deal. It is a deal that is going to lead to nothing but trouble.""

Trump has made attacks on free trade a core aspect of his campaign against other Republicans as well as against Hillary Clinton. His arguments have resonated in states like Pennsylvania and Michigan, where workers have watched entire industries being slowly gutted as production moved overseas.

He has talked about a return to trade restrictions and trade war with rhetoric that Republicans, and most Democrats, have rejected for decades.

Conservative cultural values also have been absent from his stump speeches. Trump, who has lived a life more suited to Howard Stern's radio show than an evangelical church, has not really paid much attention to the religious right or their strand of conservatism, apart from a few moments like his visit to Liberty University.

He is all about economics, and slowing the flow of immigrants and ""making American great again."" He has sometimes gone directly against many evangelicals' positions, such as when he stated his support for transgender people using any bathroom they wanted.

He says he opposes abortion but has made statements supportive of Planned Parenthood that are anathema to many on the right. ""You can say whatever you want,"" Trump said, ""but they have millions of women going through Planned Parenthood that are helped greatly.""

Evangelicals are certainly nervous, with many leaders saying they want a vice presidential pick that they can trust. But Trump has survived unscathed, even in many southern primary states.

When it comes to foreign policy, Trump has stepped back from the hawkish neoconservative rhetoric that has dominated Republican circles for several decades. Although he still brandishes a big stick when talking about what he would do to ISIS and how he would combat the threat of terrorism, he has made statements that are skeptical about relying on the military as the prime instrument of U.S. foreign policy.

In his ""America First"" speech, he talked about the need to recognize the limits of U.S. power and to only engage in conflicts that are directly essential to the national interest as he defines it.

When former President George W. Bush joined the campaign trail in South Carolina to help his brother Jeb, Trump went right after Bush's war in Iraq and blasted it as a mistake. All of this talk seems to be just fine with many Republicans.

It is much too early to tell what the long-term impact of Trump's candidacy will be on the Republican Party. But with all the attention that has been paid to the risks Trump poses as a leader and the ugly statements that have come out of his campaign, we have not looked closely enough at how and why a candidate who refused to accept the party's doctrine has won the nomination.

This is a big story in an era of rigid party polarization. If Trump's campaign becomes a model for future candidates, we might see a very different Republican Party in years to come.

Of course, if Trump goes on to suffer a landslide defeat against Hillary Clinton, rock-ribbed conservatives might say, ""I told you so,"" and the dynamics of GOP politics in 2020 could return to what they've been in the past.",1
1819,Donald Trump: ‘We have to take back the heart of our country’,"Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, whose caustic comments about Mexicans have inflamed the immigration debate, told thousands of cheering supporters here Saturday that “we have to take back the heart of our country.”

In a rambling, defiant speech delivered in this border state that has been the epicenter of the nation’s divisive battle over immigration reform, Trump declared: “These are people that shouldn’t be in our country. They flow in like water.” One man in the crowd of 4,200 shouted back, “Build a wall!”

Basking in polls that show he has risen to the top of the crowded Republican field, Trump took obvious glee in mocking former Florida governor Jeb Bush, the establishment favorite who is setting fundraising records.

“Jeb Bush, let’s say he’s president — Oy, yoy, yoy,” Trump said. He asked the crowd: “How can I be tied with this guy? He’s terrible. Terrible. He’s weak on immigration.”

Trump’s 70-minute address here, which sounded more like a stream-of-consciousness rant than a presidential-style stump speech, put an exclamation point on his bombastic push since his presidential announcement last month to return immigration to the forefront of the national conversation.

Bush and illegal immigrants were not the only targets of Trump’s scorn: He also criticized Macy’s, NBC, NASCAR, U.S. ambassador to Japan Caroline Kennedy, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton and, several times, the media.

Republican leaders say they believe the celebrity billionaire has virtually no chance of being their nominee, much less of making it to the White House. And, for now at least, his following seems limited to the far right as opposed to the party’s mainstream.

Yet Trump has reignited a heated debate over an issue, immigration, that the GOP had been determined to settle after it hurt Republicans in the most recent presidential election.

Party leaders increasingly fear that Trump could do damage to more viable candidates, such as Bush, who could lose their own footing on immigration. These candidates confront a familiar challenge: During the primary season, they must deal with the anger and anxiety that many on the right feel about illegal immigration. But they must do it in a way that will not damage their appeal to a broader electorate in November 2016.

Republicans are handling Trump delicately for another reason as well: They fear that he could leave the GOP entirely and wage a well-funded third-party campaign, a possibility that Trump has not ruled out.

[GOP leaders fear damage to party’s image as Donald Trump doubles down]

After Trump repeatedly referred to illegal immigrants in the harshest of terms — calling them, among other things, killers and rapists — Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus called Trump and asked him to tone things down. But that, if anything, has reinvigorated Trump and his vocal supporters.

The crowd in Phoenix began lining up outside the convention center before dawn, with many spending hours in temperatures that exceeded 100 degrees. Hundreds of people, who stood in lines snaking down several downtown blocks, did not make it into the ballroom for his speech.

Many of Trump’s supporters blame illegal immigrants for crime and economic problems but also express dismay over cultural changes.

“We don’t recognize our country anymore,” said Jan Drake, 72, who lives in a retirement community outside Phoenix. “If you’re coming into our country, you have got to conform to what we stand for. You speak English. You don’t try to change our country to what your country was.”

After watching Trump on television the past couple of weeks, Drake said that she has become convinced that “he would be a very strong president. He doesn’t kowtow to anybody. The Republican Party will try to squeeze him out because they’re afraid of him. But he can tell them where to go — to pound sand.”

After he walked onto a catwalk stage here like a rock star, Trump basked in his crowd. “The word is getting out that we have to stop illegal immigration,” he said.

While Trump was railing against Spanish-language broadcaster Univision, a handful of protesters in the crowd interrupted. Trump’s security guards arrived to break up the skirmish that followed. His supporters screamed “USA! USA! USA!” in the protesters’ faces as the guards escorted them out of the convention hall.

“I wonder if the Mexican government sent them over here,” Trump said from the stage. He assured the crowd, “Don’t worry, we’ll take our country back.”

Trump also had harsh words for Islamic State terrorists. If he becomes president, Trump said, “They will be in such trouble . . . ISIS, believe me, I would take them out so fast. You have to do it.”

But it was his crusade against illegal immigrants that had Trump’s crowd most enthused. After expressing shock that his immigration message has resonated so strongly with the GOP base, Trump said, “The silent majority is back, and we’re going to take the country back.” He walked off the stage to Twisted Sister’s “We’re Not Gonna Take It.”

Earlier, as his plush Boeing 757 headed from an appearance in Las Vegas to Phoenix, Trump sat in a leather chair, surrounded by binders of articles about him and sipping a Coca-Cola — the full-calorie kind, he noted, because, “Have you ever seen a thin person drinking Diet Coke?”

“Something is happening in America. You may not want to see it, but something big is happening. People are sick and tired of politicians, and I’m here for them,” he said in an interview. “I’m ready to go right at the Mexican government. I’m going to charge them $25,000 per illegal immigrant and, oh, I’ll make them pay.”

“Would Bush do that? Would Rubio? I don’t think so,” Trump added, taking aim at two of his more mainstream rivals, Bush and Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.).

Polls consistently show that a majority of Americans, including most Republicans, support an overhaul of the law to give millions of undocumented immigrants a means of staying in this country legally. But a passionate fraction of the Republican electorate believe otherwise.

Lou Brudnock, 71, said he is attracted to Trump’s brash “truthfulness” on immigration and his willingness to be politically incorrect.

“This country today is sad, sad, sad,” Brudnock said. “You can’t say anything or they call you ‘a racist.’ It’s like we’re back in Nazi Germany. But look around, man. It’s people here reading and listening to his message.”

Trump, by virtue of his celebrity, has provoked a backlash far more widespread than ever seen toward lesser-known immigration hard-liners, such as former Colorado congressman Tom Tancredo (R). That means he could leave lasting damage to the GOP and whoever turns out to be its 2016 standard-bearer.

All of those cross-pressures were in play Saturday at Trump’s appearances here and in Las Vegas. More mainstream Republicans had anticipated the spectacle and made no secret of their concern.

“I had hoped that we had moved on from some of the coarse rhetoric,” said Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.). “When there’s so many candidates, you can appeal to a very small segment of the population and get news and get elevated.” Flake is a leading proponent of a comprehensive immigration measure that would include a path to citizenship for those who are in the country illegally.

Arizona has been a hotbed of anti-immigration sentiment, having passed a 2010 law that requires law enforcement officials to check the immigration status of people they detain and suspect are in the country illegally.

Maricopa County, Ariz., Sheriff Joe Arpaio — who in some ways is the face of that law, having been the subject of racial-profiling lawsuits — helped warm up the crowd before Trump’s arrival.

“I know that Donald Trump is speaking out,” Arpaio said. “He’s getting a lot of heat. But, you know, there’s a silent majority out here.”

“We’re not silent anymore!” a man in the crowd shouted.

Arpaio brought up the mostly dormant questioning of President Obama’s birth certificate. He and Trump are perhaps the most vocal of the “birthers,” who falsely contend that Obama was not born in the United States.

Immigration also has gained new attention after the June 30 shooting death of a woman along San Francisco’s heavily touristed waterfront, allegedly by an illegal immigrant who had been deported five times from the United States.

Trump — along with much of the rest of the Republican field — has criticized the policies of “sanctuary cities,” where officials cannot detain those they suspect of being in the country illegally unless they have other grounds to do so.

Republican strategists say that it is possible to address anxiety over illegal immigration within the GOP base without alienating the electorate at large. Advisers to Bush and Rubio, for instance, say that their candidates can play a long game on the issue, continuing to make a case for comprehensive changes to the law, while waiting for the Trump boomlet to subside.

“You can give a fuller picture of those types of people who are coming to America who are not documented, who are not legal,” said Peter Wehner, who was a top official in George W. Bush’s White House. “And you can speak about them in a humane and decent and true way.”

Karen Tumulty in Washington contributed to this report.",1
569,Jeb Bush fights lonely battle defending Common Core,"Nashville, Tennessee (CNN) As opposition to Common Core began to swell in Tennessee, Jeb Bush showed up to an education forum in March of last year, advocating for state officials to keep the higher standards in place.

Now, a little more than a year later, Bush returned to Nashville Saturday night to address the state's GOP dinner, but his push for the state to hold onto Common Core didn't succeed. Earlier this month, Republican Gov. Bill Haslam signed a bill to review the controversial standards and rebrand them with a Tennessee-specific focus.

The bill was widely viewed as a compromise between Common Core opponents -- who wanted to get rid of it altogether -- and supporters, including Haslam, who wanted to stay on track with the new assessments.

What happened in Tennessee has already happened in a number of states as the political momentum against Common Core has caught fire in the past two years, fueled by an onslaught of criticism from conservatives who decry the standards as federal overreach.

And with New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie -- a once-staunch enthusiast of Common Core -- announcing this week that his state will gut the standards and come up with something else, Bush, who has yet to declare his all-but-certain candidacy, remains the only top-tier presidential hopeful who is still defending Common Core.

That doesn't mean he takes issue with states doing what Tennessee and New Jersey are attempting. He's made it clear that he's fine with states choosing an alternative path, as long as those states maintain high benchmarks for students.

""I think the governor [Haslam] has every right to do anything as it relates to education policy,"" Bush told reporters Saturday night, with Haslam standing by his side. ""This should be a state issue. And Washington should have nothing to do with this at all.""

Still, Bush -- unlike other 2016ers -- is not backing away from his endorsement of Common Core as an effective method of measuring student learning. His brother, after all, pushed and ultimately signed No Child Left Behind in early 2002, which imposed test score standards on schools with lower-income students that received federal funding.

As for Common Core, Jeb Bush has expressed frustration with how the standards have been prone to misinformation that have in part helped turn the issue into a political football.

""Because people have a different view of what Common Core is, am I supposed to back away from something that I know works?"" he asked at the same event in Bedford.

As two-term governor of Florida from 1999-2007, Bush focused heavily on education reform, which included implementing higher standards as well as a school voucher program. After he left office, he launched a nonprofit called the Foundation for Excellence in Education that ultimately became a leading proponent of Common Core.

Contrary to what some believe, Common Core standards were not developed by the federal government but by the National Governors Association along with help from state education leaders, parents and teachers. The standards dictate what students in elementary school and high school should know by the end of each grade, and it's up to the states to come up with testing and curriculum that align with those measurements.

The federal government got involved when it gave states financial incentives to adopt higher standards. Those standards didn't have to be Common Core, but since the standards were available, 46 states have adopted them since 2010, though some have since changed or eliminated them.

While Common Core has sometimes been misunderstood, ""perception is reality in politics,"" said Gregory Gleaves, a Republican strategist in Tennessee. ""If the perception is out there that it comes from DC, then it is a political problem. And that was the case for those who supported Common Core.""

Despite praising it during his first term, Christie on Thursday noted that he's heard constant complaints from parents and educators. ""I felt like we had to give it a fair chance, I think we did. We've given it a four-year chance,"" he said. ""They feel as if it's been imposed upon them from Washington.""

Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal -- also potential Republican presidential contenders -- were initially on board with Common Core and helped implement the standards during their first terms, but later moved to get rid of them.

Jindal especially has become one of the most vocal opponents of the standards, and a lawsuit he launched against the federal government over Common Core got a hearing in a Baton Rouge court on Thursday.

That's why some states renamed the standards to give them a more local feel. Iowa, for example, named it the ""Iowa Core."" This method was encouraged last year by former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee, who reportedly told state education officials to lose the ""Common Core"" name. ""Rebrand it, refocus it, but don't retreat.""

For his part, Bush has politely tried to correct some misunderstandings about Common Core on the trail, without trying to get to deep in the weeds. At an event in Manchester, a retired math teacher told Bush that he got frustrated with spending more time testing than teaching.

Bush explained that tests are only administered on the state and local level -- not by the federal government -- and proposed that states should mandate that school districts tell parents why they are giving so many tests. That would better facilitate a conversation between parents and educators on how to strike a balance.

""And that's the way it should be. You can do that in New Hampshire,"" he said, urging the man, John Potucek, who's also a state representative, to push back on the state about his complaints. ""But please make sure you have accountability around students, 'cause the net result is you're going to have a decline.""

After the event Potucek told CNN he was surprised by Bush's answer, and while he didn't agree with everything Bush said, he said his Common Core stance wouldn't be a deal-breaker.

""He explained it in a way that I wasn't expecting, and I have to kind of chew on it a little bit,"" he said.

It doesn't always go well, though. At a town hall in Dubuque, Iowa, a retired local school board member named Les Feldman grilled Bush about his support for Common Core. After a tense back-and-forth that lasted several minutes, a somewhat exasperated Bush ultimately concluded with, ""I'm just for higher standards, man.""

""People want a clear 'yes' or 'no' answer""

While opponents dislike Common Core for a number of reasons, Republican primary voters mostly disagree with it because they see it as federal overreach into what should be a local issue. Andy Ogles, the Tennessee state director for the conservative group Americans for Prosperity, said a one-size-fits-all approach to education doesn't work.

""The education needs in Silicon Valley versus rural Iowa versus Tennessee are very different,"" he said. Ogles lead a grassroots campaign that helped mobilize opposition to Common Core in Tennessee and pressure state officials to search for a different approach.

As for Bush, Ogles said he doubts conservative voters will buy the likely presidential candidate's argument that he supports both Common Core as well as a state's decision to opt out and choose their own standards.

""There's certain core issues that most people want a clear 'yes' or 'no' answer, and I think this is one of those issues. You can't be for it and then also be for state standards,"" he said. ""Ultimately, he's going to have to make up his mind, especially here in the southern states.""

Aides say there's no conflict in Bush's position. States had to opt in, and they can opt out.

The bottom line, Bush has argued, is that students need better accountability and there are a variety of ways to make that happen with higher standards.

""There's got to be a better way,"" Bush said at an event in Manchester, New Hampshire earlier this month, saying only half of high school graduates are college or career-ready. ""We can't just keep fooling ourselves and just say 'oh it's because ... kids in poverty can't learn'.""

""That's crap,"" a man in the audience interjected.

""Thank you, brother,"" Bush said forcefully. ""That is crap.""",1
4770,Donald Trump can’t resist blaming Bill Clinton when his own sexism comes up,"Even by his standards, Donald Trump's reaction to the release of an audio tape of him joking about sexually assaulting women was astonishing:

He seamlessly pivoted from a devastating revelation about his own misogyny to pointing out that Bill Clinton is the Real Sexist.

This is part of a pattern. In the first presidential debate, he congratulated himself for not bringing up Bill's infidelities: ""I was going to say something extremely rough to Hillary, to her family, and I said to myself, I can't do it. It's inappropriate. It's not nice."" In case anyone wasn't clear about what he was talking about, after the debate he told reporters, ""I’m very happy that I was able to hold back on the indiscretions with respect to Bill Clinton.""

In case that was too subtle, he had his surrogates bring the matter up repeatedly. Arkansas Attorney General and Trump surrogate Leslie Rutledge told NBC News's Craig Melvin in response to questioning about Trump's treatment of Miss Universe Alicia Machado, ""If we want to dig back through the '90s on comments made about women, we can certainly look to Secretary Clinton referring to Monica Lewinsky as a neurotic loony-toon."" Rep. Marsha Blackburn (R-TN) went even further, making shocking new allegations about Hillary Clinton's infidelities with the same women as her husband: ""Look at what she has done: Gennifer Flowers, Paula Jones, Monica Lewinsky, my goodness.""

What's the motivation for Trump and his team to dredge the Clinton affairs up? The '90s scandals are pretty old news. There are 18-year-olds voting in this election who weren't alive when the Monica Lewinsky scandal broke in January 1998, and millions more voters in their 20s and 30s who weren’t really old enough to remember.

And more importantly (Blackburn’s apparent confusion aside), these are allegations about Bill Clinton. If anything, Hillary Clinton, as the cheated-on party in the Flowers and Lewinsky cases, is a victim. Why should any of this reflect poorly on her campaign?

The best explanation we have is twofold. First, the Trump campaign thinks public perceptions around the scandals like those surrounding Bill Clinton have changed in a way that might make that history extremely damaging to the Clintons’ reputation with millennials — if those millennials are briefed on what happened. Thus, bringing it up whenever possible. Second, they view making the conversation about Bill as an effective way to deflect the many, many allegations of sexism against Trump that this campaign has brought to light.

Steve Bannon, the CEO of Trump's campaign and former head of Breitbart News, has believed there’s potential in reviving the Bill Clinton scandals for some time now. In January 2015, way before Trump even announced his run for president, Bloomberg’s Joshua Green talked to Bannon about his and Breitbart’s efforts to gather dirt on the Clintons. Bannon was insistent that Bill Clinton’s marital indiscretions were promising ground:

There’s an obvious counterargument to this claim: When people were aware of Bill Clinton’s indiscretions in the 1990s, it didn’t make him unpopular. Indeed, in the first weeks after the Drudge Report broke the Lewinsky story on January 17, 1998, Clinton’s approval rating spiked upward, from about 60 percent to 69:

After the House impeached him in December, his popularity spiked again, only falling after the whole saga ended with a Senate acquittal in February. It’s hard to conclude anything besides that the scandal was good for Clinton’s reputation with the public at the time, and completely backfired for congressional Republicans, who faced losses in the 1998 midterms for good measure.

And that’s nothing compared with what the scandal did for Hillary. If Bill’s approval ratings edged upward as a result of the Lewinsky affair, Hillary’s positively soared:

So why in the world would a Republican-aligned operative want to replicate that experience?

The answer lies in Bannon’s allusion to his younger female employees. Yes, these scandals didn’t hurt Clinton the first time around — but the constant barrage of scandals created a numbing effect that weakened the power of each individual charge. And, more pertinently, our norms around sexual misconduct have changed dramatically since the 1990s.

The main line of attack against Clinton in the Lewinsky case from Republicans was a combination of a) the president was unfaithful to his wife, indicating moral bankruptcy on his part, and b) he lied about it under oath, undermining the rule of law. It definitely wasn’t that he was abusing the power of his office by having an affair with a subordinate. That would have been a hard argument for congressional Republicans to make, given that House Speaker Newt Gingrich was having an affair with a staffer (now his third wife) during the whole process.

But in retrospect, this is clearly the most important and troubling aspect of the story. Adultery is wrong, but most Americans view it as a private failing that doesn’t necessarily reflect a politician’s ability to do their job. Perjury is also wrong, but the focus on that element reeked of an effort to find a charge, any charge, with which to impeach Clinton.

A president sleeping with a White House intern, by contrast, is clear cut-and-dried sexual harassment. It’s absolutely unacceptable behavior toward a subordinate. In a private company, it’s a fireable offense. It might have been accepted as normal in the '90s, but sexual harassment has slowly come to be recognized as a serious offense in workplaces, and exploiting the power of a senior office to get a lower-ranked employee to consent to sex is a particularly egregious manifestation of it.

More to the point, we now have 20 years of hindsight, and it’s clear that the real victim of the imbroglio was Lewinsky herself, who has been denied the ability to live a normal life with relative anonymity and has become an activist against online abuse after enduring loads of it herself.

The even clearer examples of this are cases where Clinton was accused not of consensual sex but of sexual assault. Lewinsky and Clinton’s previous paramour Gennifer Flowers tend to get placed in the same bucket as Juanita Broaddrick, Paula Jones, and Kathleen Willey, but all three of the latter women accused him of sexual assault. Broaddrick claims that Clinton raped her; Jones alleged that he exposed himself to her; Willey accused him of grabbing her breasts and forcing her to touch his genitals.

You can judge those claims credible or not (having reviewed the cases, I think the Broaddrick allegation is much more credible than the other two), but they’re not ""sex scandals."" They’re accusations of sexual violence. And recent public conversations about Woody Allen, Bill Cosby, and other prominent men accused of sexual assault suggest that the American public is much more willing now to treat those kinds of accusations seriously.

There’s an issue with Bannon’s strategy, however. It depends not merely on getting young voters outraged about Bill Clinton’s sexual misconduct. To work, this strategy has to convince them that Hillary Clinton is somehow complicit in, or responsible for, his behavior. And that is a much tougher sell, both because the evidence is far thinner (the closest thing to a smoking gun is Hillary calling Lewinsky a ""narcissistic looney-toon"" … in a private conversation with a friend) and because of the inherent perversity of blaming a wife for her husband’s crimes.

It’s a move that denies Clinton her identity as a distinct person from her spouse, which in turn undermines any of the feminist appeal this attack line might have had to voters outraged by Clinton’s treatment of Lewinsky, Broaddrick, etc.

Sure enough, when Rachel Kramer Bussel surveyed female millennial voters for Fortune on their views on the scandals, she found that most people she talked to thought it was gross to equate Clinton's behavior with that of her husband, with one commenting, ""I consider Hillary Clinton as a politician independent of her husband, Bill Clinton. Just as I would never associate Bernie Sanders as a politician with his wife, Jane Sanders, I would never associate a politician as a politician with their spouse.""

It’s informative to look at the actual point in the debate where Trump brought-up-by-pretending-to-not-bring-up the Clinton sex scandals. It was directly in response to Hillary Clinton bringing up his treatment of Miss Universe Alicia Machado, and other instances of sexism:

CLINTON: You know, he tried to switch from looks to stamina. But this is a man who has called women pigs, slobs, and dogs, and someone who has said pregnancy is an inconvenience to employers, who has said... TRUMP: I never said that. CLINTON: ...women don’t deserve equal pay unless they do as good a job as men. CLINTON: And one of the worst things he said was about a woman in a beauty contest. He loves beauty contests, supporting them and hanging around them. And he called this woman ""Miss Piggy."" Then he called her ""Miss Housekeeping,"" because she was Latina. Donald, she has a name. TRUMP: Where did you find this? Where did you find this? CLINTON: Her name is Alicia Machado. TRUMP: Where did you find this? CLINTON: And she has become a US citizen, and you can bet... CLINTON: ...she’s going to vote this November. TRUMP: You know, Hillary is hitting me with tremendous commercials. Some of it’s said in entertainment. Some of it’s said — somebody who’s been very vicious to me, Rosie O’Donnell, I said very tough things to her, and I think everybody would agree that she deserves it and nobody feels sorry for her. But you want to know the truth? I was going to say something extremely rough to Hillary, to her family, and I said to myself, ""I can’t do it. I just can’t do it. It’s inappropriate. It’s not nice.""

Trump was getting pummeled on his own record of mistreating women, and he immediately parried with a reference to the affairs.

You see this relationship in the responses of his surrogates, as well. Recall what Kellyanne Conway, his campaign manager said: ""He literally could have gone there and made very clear that he came ready to say some rough things if she was going to challenge him about his abuse – about his record on women."" (Emphasis mine.) Rutledge, the Arkansas attorney general, replied to questioning about Machado by saying, ""If we want to dig back through the '90s on comments made about women…"" and running through the Lewinsky scandal.

This trend suggests that the Trump campaign has assigned a specific role for the candidate's attacks on Bill Clinton’s sexual misconduct. They’re not deployed right off the bat, or in TV ads, but only as damage control in response to questions about his own record of mistreating women.

That might be smart campaigning; as the old saying goes, ""If you’re explaining you’re losing,"" and trying to parry specific accusations might come off as defensive. But this strategy does have a side effect of implicitly conceding that Trump behaved poorly. Even he and his team aren’t willing to defend his own conduct on the merits. So they deflect to Bill’s — and try to pin it on Hillary in the process.",1
1920,Will Clinton’s experience be a liability?,"Hillary Rodham Clinton’s tenure as secretary of state was supposed to be a central argument for her forthcoming run for president. Her globe-trotting record as the nation’s chief diplomat, her role championing women’s empowerment and gay rights, and her experience on tough national security issues were all supposed to confer credentials that none of her possible GOP opponents would possess.

But over the past two weeks, with back-to-back revelations that she was working with foreign countries that gave millions of dollars to her family’s charitable foundation and that she set up and exclusively used a private e-mail system, that argument has been put in peril.

Instead of a fresh chapter in which Clinton came into her own, her time as the country’s top diplomat now threatens to remind voters of what some people dislike about her — a tendency toward secrecy and defensiveness, along with the whiff of scandal that clouded the presidency of her husband, Bill Clinton.

That side of Hillary Clinton also plays directly into the main Republican argument against her, that she is a candidate of “yesterday” — as Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida recently put it — who comes with decades of baggage the country no longer need carry.

“Part of the reason the story is gaining traction is that it reminds people of what the Clinton White House was like,” said American University political science professor Jennifer Lawless. “It reminds people of the scandals, the secrecy and the lack of transparency that were often associated with Bill Clinton’s eight years in Washington.”

Clinton was already certain to face sharp questions during a presidential campaign about her handling of the deadly attacks on U.S. facilities in Benghazi, Libya, in 2012. She has never been shown to have any direct role in events leading up to the deaths of the U.S. ambassador and three other Americans, but an inquiry that Democrats call a fishing expedition has been given new life by the revelation that her e-mails were not immediately given to Congress.

Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-S.C.), who chairs a special congressional committee on Benghazi, has subpoenaed Clinton’s e-mails and plans to call her as a witness once his investigation is further along. That will mean a showdown in the middle of a presidential campaign in which she will be trying to reintroduce herself to voters.

“You do not need a law degree to have an understanding of how troubling this is,” Gowdy said in a news conference last week.

Clinton has said nothing about the e-mail controversy beyond a tweet promising to seek to make the messages public. On Sunday, Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) said Clinton needs to talk in more detail about the issue. “From this point on, the silence is going to hurt her,” Feinstein said on NBC’s “Meet the Press.”

Clinton’s problems at the State Department also make it easier for Republicans to connect her to what they see as President Obama’s shaky foreign policy and his broken promise to operate the most transparent administration in history.

Even the smallest things are being looked at anew. The iconic image of her at the State Department, which she chose as her Twitter avatar, shows her seated aboard a military transport plane, reading something — perhaps e-mail — on her BlackBerry.

Former Florida governor Jeb Bush, who is weighing a 2016 bid, cast her reliance on private ­e-mail as a serious security risk. “It’s a little baffling, to be honest with you, that didn’t come up in Secretary Clinton’s thought process,” the Republican said in a Friday radio interview.

And while Clinton remains the overwhelming favorite for her party’s nomination, some Democrats last week were more open about their misgivings about her candidacy. On Friday night in New Hampshire, former Maryland governor Martin O’Malley, who might run against her, for the first time broke his silence on her use of the private e-mail account, saying that “openness and transparency are required of governing in the modern age.”

For Clinton, the State Department years were a kind of protective cocoon from partisan politics, even though she was a visible member of a Democratic administration that was doing regular battle with congressional Republicans.

She was rarely called upon to take public positions on partisan issues. Her history as a politically active first lady, senator and failed Democratic candidate for president were rarely mentioned in day-to-day news coverage of her trips and priorities as secretary.

Clinton’s busy pace — she visited a record 112 countries — made it easy to deflect questions about the common assumption that she would make another run for the White House when her time at the State Department was over.

After leaving office, she wrote a memoir of her time at the State Department that was published last year. The book, “Hard Choices,” marked her unmistakable entry into the 2016 presidential race and amounted to a virtual campaign manifesto.

“We have to use all of America’s strengths to build a world with more partners and fewer adversaries, more shared responsibility and fewer conflicts, more good jobs and less poverty, more broadly based prosperity with less damage to our environment,” Clinton wrote.

Clinton posted a Twitter message Wednesday night — two days into the e-mail controversy — saying she wants the public “to see my e-mails.” She said she has asked the State Department to review them for release.

That review could also establish whether she broke any rules about the handling of sensitive information.

The e-mail arrangement meant that Clinton’s work ­e-mails were being routed through a private server in her Chappaqua, N.Y., home and were not being archived by the government as now required. She handed over 55,000 pages of e-mails upon the State Department’s request last year, more than a year after she left her post.

She has not explained the reason for the un­or­tho­dox arrangement, and her husband declined to weigh in on Sunday. “I’m not the one to judge that. I have an opinion, but I have a bias,” Bill Clinton said in response to a reporter’s question during a Florida appearance, according to Bloomberg Politics. He added: “I shouldn’t be making news on this.”

The White House has distanced itself from the growing controversy. Obama said in an interview with CBS on Saturday that he did not know about Hillary Clinton’s use of private e-mail until reading news reports last week.

“The president does have the expectation that everybody in his administration takes the steps that are necessary to be in compliance with the Federal Records Act and with the Presidential Records Act,” White House press secretary Josh Earnest said Friday. “And again, that means using, as often as possible, using your official government e-mail when you’re conducting official government business.”

White House officials communicated with Clinton on her private account, and it is not clear that any White House official flagged the practice as a potential problem.

The e-mail revelation came after the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation acknowledged in February that it had accepted a foreign-government donation in 2010 without submitting it for an ethics review, as required in a 2008 agreement with the Obama administration.

The 2008 agreement had been reached to avoid the appearance of conflicts of interest while Hillary Clinton served as secretary of state. Under the agreement, the foundation was to submit any donation from a foreign government that had not previously given money to the foundation.

The goal was to allow ethics officers to analyze whether it might appear that the government was trying to influence U.S. policy with a donation to a charity so closely linked to the nation’s top diplomat.

The foundation told The Washington Post that it had failed to follow that process in the case of an unsolicited $500,000 donation from the government of Algeria to assist in earthquake relief in Haiti. The donation coincided with a spike in lobbying by Algeria, which was defending its human rights record to U.S. officials.

State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said the donation did not pose a problem because U.S. support for rebuilding efforts in Haiti was well known before the Algerian donation came in.

Prominent Clinton backers have dismissed the recent controversies as minor distractions unimportant to voters and blamed the e-mail flap on a Republican attack machine.

But other Democrats expressed exasperation at what they called a slow and ham-handed response to the e-mail controversy by her small group of advisers. There is no in-house, campaign-grade rapid-response operation, and outside defenders had little notice that a problem was brewing.

“I’d be surprised to find a lot of Democrats who think this is going to have a lot of legs,” said one senior Democratic strategist who spoke on the condition of anonymity because Clinton is not yet a candidate. “But there is a level of angst and annoyance about how badly the thing has been mishandled.”

Several Democrats said the controversy is being blown out of proportion and questioned whether Republicans are being subjected to the same level of scrutiny.

Rep. Loretta Sanchez (D-Calif.) said that Clinton has been aboveboard and that the controversy will quickly fade.

“She’s not trying to hide anything,” Sanchez said.",1
4431,"Obama outlines plan to keep 5,500 troops in Afghanistan","President Obama said Thursday that he will keep 5,500 U.S. troops in Afghanistan into 2017, ending his ambitions to bring home most American forces from that war-torn country before he leaves office.

The president’s decision came after an extensive months-long review that included regular discussions with Afghanistan’s leaders, his national security team and U.S. commanders in the field. The move reflected a painful, if predictable, reality on the ground in Afghanistan, where the Taliban has seized new territory over the past year as Afghan troops have taken over the vast majority of the fighting.

“Afghan forces are still not as strong as they need to be,” Obama said Thursday morning from the White House, explaining his decision. “. . . Meanwhile, the Taliban has made gains, particularly in rural areas, and can still launch deadly attacks in cities, including Kabul.”

[The Islamic State is making these Afghans long for the Taliban]

Obama said he will also dramatically slow the pace of the reduction of American forces and plans to maintain the current U.S. force of 9,800 through “most of 2016.” The post-2016 force will still be focused on training and advising the Afghan army, with a special emphasis on its elite counter­terrorism forces. The United States will also maintain a significant counterterrorism capability of drones and Special Operations forces to strike al-Qaeda and other militants who may be plotting attacks against the United States.

The revised troop plans came after Afghan forces were driven from Kunduz, the first major city to fall to the Taliban since the war began in 2001. Two weeks passed before the Afghans, with some support from U.S. planes and Special Operations advisers, took the city back from the Taliban. Militants are now threatening other cities. “The bottom line is, in key areas of the country the security situation is still very fragile, and in some places there’s risk of deterioration,” Obama said.

The president praised the Afghan government, under the leadership of President Ashraf Ghani, as a willing partner, and he lauded the Afghan troops, who have taken significant casualties. Both were critical factors in his decision to keep U.S. troops in the country.

“Every single day, Afghan forces are out there fighting and dying to protect their country,” Obama said. “They’re not looking for us to do it for them.”

The president insisted that his decision to abandon his plans to bring home U.S. troops was not a disappointment, even as he acknowledged the nation’s war weariness after more than 14 years of fighting in Afghanistan and Iraq. “I do not support the idea of endless war,” he said.

His decision to keep troops in Afghanistan follows the surprising collapse of much of the U.S.-trained Iraqi army last year under pressure from Islamic State militants. Republican critics have charged that Obama withdrew troops too quickly from Iraq, precipitating the collapse of the Iraqi army and the rise of the Islamic State.

The president did not mention the Iraqi failures in his statement from the White House. White House officials said that the Iraq setbacks did not influence Obama’s decision and that the two situations are not comparable, because the Afghan government was eager to maintain a long-term U.S. presence. Such conditions did not exist in Iraq.

Afghan officials on Thursday welcomed the move to keep 9,800 troops in the country. “It’s very positive in light of the continued problems that this region is facing,” said Mohammad Daud Sultanzoy, a presidential candidate in 2014 who is now allied with Ghani. “Our security [forces] have shown the will and capability to fight, but we still need the support of our allies, especially the United States.”

In Ghazni province, where Afghan forces are locked in a bloody fight with the Taliban, Gen. Sayed Malok called it a “good decision at the moment but a temporary solution.” He called for a more robust effort to train and equip Afghan forces.

The decision is a significant departure from the exit plan that Obama announced in a White House Rose Garden speech in May 2014. In keeping with his promise to “turn the page” on the costly wars launched by his predecessor, Obama said then that he would reduce the U.S. footprint to about 1,000 troops, all based in Kabul, by the end of 2016.

It is also a stark illustration of how persistent militant threats have stood in the way of Obama’s promises to end the ground wars that have dominated U.S. foreign policy since the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks.

In addition to a resurgent Taliban, al-Qaeda appears to have staked out new ground in Afghanistan, far from the group’s mountain enclaves to the northeast. Last week, U.S. forces began a major operation against al-Qaeda in Kandahar, launching 63 airstrikes on militant training bases.

David Sedney, a former Pentagon official who is a senior associate at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said the 2015 fighting season was “the most massive, fiercest” yet.

“The Taliban are already signaling that next year’s offensive will be bigger and bloodier than this year’s. The Taliban are bad; Daesh is worse,” Sedney said, referring to the emerging Islamic State presence in Afghanistan.

Administration officials portrayed the decision as a natural extension of a strategy that was making progress, rather than an indication that the president’s original plan had failed. “I don’t think anyone ever intended that the job, so to speak, would be finished” despite Obama’s time­table, said Lisa Monaco, a senior White House official. “We always said that we would continue to have a presence there.”

[After Kunduz, Taliban is now targeting other Afghan cities]

Under the new plan, the U.S. military will retain bases in Kabul, as planned, but also have forces at Bagram air base and at bases outside Kandahar and Jalalabad, the largest cities in Afghanistan’s southern and eastern regions.

Obama emphasized that Afghans would continue to take the lead role in the fighting, with Americans providing advice and some counterterrorism support from bases outside Kabul. “These bases will give us the presence and the reach our forces require to achieve their mission,” he said.

The larger force of 5,500 troops is projected to cost about $15 billion a year, or about $5 billion more than the smaller, 1,000-person Kabul-based force would have cost.

Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter, speaking at the Pentagon, said the next president will probably need to make decisions about the long-term position of U.S. forces­ in Afghanistan.

“Is it going to be 5,500 forever?” he told reporters. “I can only say this: That is our best estimate now of what we should plan for and are planning for and budgeting for for 2017.”

Although U.S. deaths have fallen off dramatically in recent years, the change may also mean more U.S. casualties. This year, 25 American service members and civilians have been killed in the country.

Obama emphasized that the relatively small American military presence, down from 100,000 at the war’s peak, would not decide the war’s outcome, and he emphasized that peace talks offered the sole viable solution to the long, bloody civil war.

“By now, it should be clear to the Taliban and all who oppose Afghanistan’s progress, the only real way to achieve the full drawdown of U.S. and foreign troops from Afghanistan is through a lasting political settlement with the Afghan government,” Obama said.

Sudarsan Raghavan, Sayed Salahuddin and Mohammad Sharif in Kabul contributed to this report.

In Afghanistan, the art of fighting extremism

Afghans who once watched war from afar forced to flee as front lines shift

Afghan forces straining to keep the Taliban at bay",1
1675,Biden backers to naysayers: Not so fast,"Democrats loyal to Vice President Biden have a three-word response to the politicians and pundits who say Hillary Rodham Clinton’s performance in Tuesday’s Democratic debate makes a Biden campaign less likely: Not so fast.

Appearing eager to tamp down talk that the window of opportunity for the vice president to launch a campaign nearly closed after the debate, loyalists are taking steps to assure potential supporters that there is still a path to the nomination, however competitive and challenging, if Biden decides to run.

The clearest evidence came Friday as the International Association of Fire Fighters informed the vice president the union will endorse him if he enters the race, according to a source familiar with the union’s thinking. That followed a letter e-mailed late Thursday to Biden’s political support network by former senator Ted Kaufman of Delaware, who said a Biden campaign would be “optimistic,” “from the heart” and unscripted.

“If he runs, he will run because of his burning conviction that we need to fundamentally change the balance in our economy and the political structure to restore the ability of the middle class to get ahead,” Kaufman wrote.

Even as initial polls showed a bump for Clinton after her performance, Biden’s lingering shadow continued to leave a sense of instability over the Democratic race, leading to questions on the subject for President Obama during a Friday news conference with the South Korean president. “I am not going to comment on what Joe is doing or not doing,” Obama said. “I think you can direct those questions to my very able vice president.”

And in a television interview Friday, Clinton declined to embrace a suggestion from John Podesta, her senior campaign adviser, that Biden must make a decision soon because the race is already engaged. “That’s up to Vice President Biden,” she said on CNN’s “The Lead with Jake Tapper.” “Certainly I’m not in any way suggesting or recommending that the vice president accept any timetable other than the one that is clicking inside of him. He has to make this decision.”

Kaufman’s words were arguably less significant than the author behind them. The former senator — appointed to the seat after his ex-boss became vice president — is Biden’s longest-serving adviser, bridging the divide between the generation of staffers who worked for Biden as a senator in the 1980s and a new crop of lieutenants who came up through the past decade of the family’s public service.

More important, Kaufman has been frequently portrayed as the most reluctant of the trio of inner-circle aides to the vice president to launch a bid and is known to be angry at the frequent portrayals of Biden as being on the brink of announcing his candidacy. A note from him to the alumni network is treated as having more credibility than any leak to the national press corps.

The main issue, still apparently unresolved, remains whether Biden and his family feel ready for the rigors of a presidential campaign so soon after the death of his oldest son, Beau, in May. Nothing Biden has said publicly in recent weeks has suggested an affirmative answer, but he has not addressed the issue directly since before Pope Francis’s visit to the United States last month.

According to those tracking the vice president’s deliberations, a decision could come at any time, although the only certain timetable is the one set by the deadlines for qualifying for primary and caucus ballots throughout the country. Those deadlines began to take effect at the end of the month.

Outside Biden’s tight circle of advisers, many Democrats have long assumed that, beyond personal and family considerations, the biggest factor in the vice president’s decision-making involved Clinton’s political vulnerability.

A month ago, as controversy over her use of a private e-mail account while serving as secretary of state damaged her image, she appeared seriously weakened. That prompted calls from nervous Democrats, or those in the party never particularly partial to Clinton, for Biden to jump in.

[Family issues weigh heaviest on Biden as he considers a 2016 run]

But assessments of Clinton brightened considerably after she delivered an impressive performance in Tuesday’s debate with Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.), former Maryland governor Martin O’Malley and two other candidates.

Biden loyalists have tried not to be swept up by shifting assumptions about the strength or weakness of the Democratic front-runner, believing she was never as damaged as some were suggesting a month ago.

At the same time, they are not persuaded that this week’s debate fundamentally changed the race in her favor. There is outside evidence backing up that view, including strong interest in Sanders on social media and the fact that the senator from Vermont raised more than $2 million in the 24 hours after the debate.

In recent days, Biden has kept in touch with leaders of key constituency groups, including calls Friday morning. One recipient of a Biden call, who requested anonymity to speak freely about the private conversation, said the vice president actively discussed the emerging campaign strategy, its structure and what constituencies he would win over. Biden believes he has a persuasive message for Democratic voters and would have the resources to run a competitive and potentially lengthy campaign, the call recipient said. Moreover, Biden’s view of the debate, this source said, was that it confirmed that Clinton’s current competition is subpar at best.

Polls and other evidence suggest that if Biden was to enter, the Democratic nomination campaign would quickly become a three-way contest. Clinton would remain the favorite, but it is clear that Sanders has more than enough money to continue well beyond the four earliest states — Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada and South Carolina.

Biden has told those he has spoken with that he believes he, too, would have the money to remain in the race past those states. It remains unclear what other unions would follow the firefighters in endorsing Biden. “Any conversations I’ve had with the vice president would be private,” Harold A. Schaitberger, general president of the International Association of Fire Fighters, said in a telephone interview Friday night.

None of the first four contests appears ready to tip to Biden, although because he is not a declared candidate, the polls are not reliable. But some of those partial to Biden have seized on a little-remembered fact from 1992 to offer hope that early defeats need not drive a candidate out of the nomination contest.

[As Biden weighs a 2016 campaign, does he want to be the anti-Clinton?]

In that campaign, Bill Clinton lost 10 of the first 11 contests, from early February through the first days of March. He then secured a string of victories in western and Southern caucuses and primaries, followed by wins in Illinois and Michigan that effectively broke the back of his opponents.

Hillary Clinton’s next major event will be an appearance Thursday before the House committee investigating the deaths of four Americans in Benghazi, Libya, in September 2012, along with her e-mail account. That highly charged appearance has taken a turn in her favor as a result of House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) suggesting the goal of the committee had been to weaken her politically.

Then on Oct. 24, Clinton and other Democratic candidates will speak at the Jefferson-Jackson Dinner in Iowa, a quadrennial proving ground for presidential hopefuls. Given the breadth of organizing that Clinton’s team has done in the Hawkeye State, Biden’s advisers assume the event will give her an additional boost, although Sanders will have plenty of supporters there, too.

All that would suggest that Biden could delay announcing a decision until after those two events.

There were many lines in Kaufman’s letter that suggested Biden still wasn’t ready to make a decision, despite the encroaching deadlines.

“I know in the daily ups and down of the political swirl, we all get bombarded with the tactics. So sometimes it’s good to take a step back and get real again. Let’s stay in touch,” Kaufman wrote. “If he decides to run, we will need each and every one of you — yesterday!”",1
5057,Clinton Enjoys Post-DNC Bounce - But Will it Last?,"Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton received a big convention bounce. A new CNN poll has her leading GOP rival Donald Trump 52 percent to 43 percent in a two-way matchup.

The Republican nominee is still under fire for how he reacted over the weekend to the parents of Humayun Khan, a Muslim U.S. Army captain killed in Iraq.

Khizr Khan blasted Trump at the Democratic convention, noting that unlike his fallen son, Trump has ""sacrificed nothing and no one."" Unwilling to the let the insult pass, Trump hit back, implying that Khan's wife wasn't allowed to speak during her husband's DNC address because of the family's Muslim faith.

The GOP nominee's remarks have sparked outrage from veterans and members of his own party.

""While our party has bestowed upon him the nomination, it is not accompanied by unfettered license to defame those who are the best among us,"" war hero Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., said.

Trump's campaign is now appealing to GOP colleagues on Capitol Hill to help quell the controversy.

Meanwhile, a mother whose son was killed in the 2012 attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya, is also speaking out.

Patricia Smith criticized Clinton at the Republican convention, noting that she has received much different treatment than the Khan family.

""I was treated like dirt. I don't think the Khan family was treated that way. I was treated like dirt. I was called a liar… I don't imagine my son getting killed. I don't imagine that at all,"" Smith said.

Meanwhile on the campaign trail, Clinton attacked Trump's tax cut plan, and again called on him to release his tax returns.

""And while we're at it, we would like to see those tax returns wouldn't we? My husband and I put out, I think about 33 or 34 years' worth, if you're interested,"" Clinton pointed out.

Trump alleges that former presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders, D-Vt., made a deal with the devil to endorse Clinton.

""If he would have just not done anything, just go home, go to sleep, relaxed, he would have been a hero, but he made a deal with the devil. She's the devil. He made a deal with the devil,"" Trump said.

There's still a long way to go until Election Day and many of today's controversies could easily be forgotten by November. Clinton's poll bounce could fade as bounces often do, turning this into a tight race once again.",1
188,House yanks first spending bill off the floor,"Notable names include Ray Washburne (Commerce), a Dallas-based investor, is reported to be under consideration to lead the department.",1
5028,Donald Trump Pushes Republican Party to Its Breaking Point,"Donald Trump has summoned a tornado of negative stories that threaten to rip his campaign from its foundation if he doesn't stop, supporters inside and outside Trump's orbit are warning.

Several top backers — including Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani — are trying to persuade Trump to move past his feud with the parents of the late Iraq War soldier Humayun Khan, stop bashing fellow Republicans like House Speaker Paul Ryan and Sen. John McCain, and refocus his attacks on Hillary Clinton.

But hopes aren't high among Republican allies that Trump, 70, can make such a fundamental change at this point. And the Trump campaign publicly denies that any intervention is occurring at all.

""The reality is that I don't think anyone has any influence"" over Trump, a party source told NBC News.

Within the GOP, strategists are increasingly wondering at what point candidates will aggressively break with Trump or the party will divert resources from the presidential race to head off a collapse down the ticket.

""They don't want to, but he's forcing people's hands,"" GOP strategist Ryan Williams told NBC News. Williams described the campaign as ""free-wheeling and careening from one self-inflicted controversy to another.""

Trump's allies within the party can complain, but they can't say they weren't warned.

Trump has made outrageous and offensive statements from the minute he announced his campaign last year, and he slimed Republican rivals at every step along the way.

He's resisted previous entreaties from party elders to change course after calling Mexican immigrants ""rapists,"" proposing a ban on Muslim visitors to the United States, linking Sen. Ted Cruz's father to the John F. Kennedy assassination and bringing up a federal judge's ""Mexican heritage"" as proof of bias.

""He lacks any kind of self-control,"" a GOP operative said. ""That's not my opinion. It's well demonstrated.""

As Trump regularly reminds voters at rallies, however, he's also survived numerous so-called crises to reach his current position. But the general election isn't the primaries, and the timing and intensity of the current episode stand out.

CNBC's John Harwood quoted an unnamed ally of campaign manager Paul Manafort on Tuesday night who called the mood ""suicidal"" and said Manafort was ""mailing it in"" after concluding that Trump was incapable of taking his advice.

Another source inside the campaign told NBC News that Harwood's account was ""all true"" and that the environment was ""way worse than people realize.""

Lending particular urgency to this week's chaos is Trump's declining position in the polls against Clinton, who appears to be enjoying a major bump from last week's Democratic convention.

Surveys indicate Clinton not only eliminating Trump's gains from his own convention, but also regaining the solid lead she held before FBI Director James Comey's criticism of her email practices depressed her support.

The most recent NBC News/SurveyMonkey poll puts him behind Clinton, 50 percent to 42 percent, with registered voters. A Fox News poll released Wednesday gave Clinton a 49 percent-to-39 percent lead.

Convention bounces are sometimes fleeting, but once the race settles, there are few opportunities for candidates to make up ground, making Trump's missteps especially dangerous.

The Olympics begin this weekend, making it harder for Trump to win free media for much of the month. He could make it up by buying TV time, but the Clinton campaign and allied groups have reserved $98 million in ads through November — compared to less than $1 million on Trump's side.

The less likely Trump looks to win and the more toxic he looks with key voting groups, the more pressure Republican candidates in competitive races will face to denounce him.""

""If Trump wants us to make a choice between our senators and representatives and him, it won't be him,"" another GOP operative in a swing state told NBC News.

But it's a delicate balance. If Republican candidates abandon Trump en masse, party operatives warn, depressed voters might stay home and leave federal and state candidates vulnerable to an electoral wipeout.

While Republican candidates in some swing states have polled ahead of Trump by distancing themselves from his more controversial positions, they still need conservatives to show up and split their ticket to prevail.

So far, few high-profile Republicans running for office have repudiated Trump — even Sen. Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire is sticking by him, despite Trump's recent insults and Ayotte's longtime discomfort with his rhetoric.

The further Trump sinks, however, the harder it becomes to hold everyone together.

A veteran GOP strategist suggested that the party should be able to win competitive House and Senate races with smart campaigns if Trump is trailing Clinton by 1 to 5 points. But if he starts to trail by double digits in polls — as he did in Fox's survey — it could create a panic as Republicans rush to disavow his candidacy in the hope that they might survive the coming disaster.

Publicly, Trump and his top aides argue that talk of campaign troubles are overblown.""We're great — it's a terrible week for Hillary Clinton,"" campaign spokesman Jason Miller told NBC News with a smile Wednesday.

Trump, Miller said, has always been the anti-establishment candidate. His refusal to support Ryan against a pro-Trump primary opponent only reinforced that brand.

And the campaign has had some good news mixed with the bad. This week, it raised an impressive $80 million in campaign contributions along with party allies — short of Clinton's $90 million, but a strong improvement for a campaign that built its fundraising operation from scratch after Trump largely self-funded during the primaries.

Some also note that Clinton and other Democrats are vulnerable to negative stories.

The Wall Street Journal reported Wednesday that the Obama administration shipped $400 million in cash to Iran as part of a deal over sanctions at the same time Iran released Americans it had detained. The State Department said that the payment was unrelated and that the negotiations were kept separate, but Republicans accused it of paying a ransom.

Fact checkers have also pilloried Clinton this week for claiming that the FBI corroborated her previous defenses of her email practices.

But other campaign aides expressed concern that Trump failed to capitalize on Democratic weaknesses or emphasize his core strengths because he's too often distracted by side stories and settling scores within the GOP.

""We've got to get back to these basic issues that got him this far,"" former Trump adviser Barry Bennett told MSNBC.

Trump's afternoon speech Wednesday in Daytona Beach, Fla., demonstrated the difficulty. He began with a long and focused recounting of the Iran story and Clinton's statements on her use of a private email server. He also praised Sen. Marco Rubio for endorsing him, extending an olive branch to a onetime critic after having baited Ryan and McCain the day before.

""The campaign is doing really well,"" Trump said. ""It's never been so well united.""

But the usual Trump, still nursing past grudges and falling into bizarre tangents, wasn't far behind.

After discussing Iran, he turned to his old feud with Megyn Kelly, in which he said the Fox News host had ""blood coming out of her wherever."" Trump, who made the initial comment one year ago this week, told the crowd that ""perverted"" Democrats wrongly portrayed it as a comment on menstruation in attack ads, when, in fact, he meant ""her nose, her ears, her mouth.""

Despite his outward confidence, Trump has sounded more concerned about his position. In several interviews and speeches, he's made unsubstantiated claims that the election could be ""rigged"" against him, raising concerns that he might be laying the groundwork to delegitimize a Clinton presidency after a loss.

""Wouldn't that be embarrassing, to lose to Crooked Hillary Clinton?"" Trump said in Florida. ""That would be terrible.""",1
3,"Trump, Clinton clash in dueling DC speeches","Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, now at the starting line of a general election race, traded shots across the capital Friday in dueling addresses before two very different D.C. audiences -- each warning the other would take the country backward.

Trump headlined the Faith and Freedom Coalition’s “Road to Majority” summit while Clinton addressed a Planned Parenthood national conference.

Trump, looking to solidify his standing with evangelical Christians, offered assurances Friday that he would “restore respect for people of faith” -- and stressed the “sanctity and dignity of life.”

If there was any doubt he wanted to throw Clinton's Planned Parenthood speech into sharp relief, he took on his presumptive rival later in his remarks. Trump warned Clinton would ""appoint radical judges,"" eliminate the Second Amendment, ""restrict religious freedom with government mandates,"" and ""push for federal funding of abortion on demand up until the moment of birth.""

He also cast her support for bringing in Syrian refugees as a potential clash of faiths. ""Hillary will bring hundreds of thousands of refugees, many of whom have hostile beliefs about people of different faiths and values,"" he said.

Clinton, meanwhile, in her first speech as the Democratic Party’s presumptive nominee, said a Trump presidency would take the country back to a time “when abortion was illegal … and life for too many women and girls was limited.”

Clinton thanked the nonprofit women’s health group and abortion provider for their support in the Democratic primary race. In January, Planned Parenthood backed Clinton, offering its first-ever primary endorsement in the group’s 100-year history.

Clinton made it clear that women’s issues would be a staple of her campaign, promising abortion rights supporters that she would “always have your back” if elected president.

Clinton repeated claims that Trump wants to “take America back to a time when women had less opportunity” and freedom.

“Well, Donald, those days are over. We are not going to let Donald Trump -- or anybody else -- turn back the clock,” she told the cheering crowd.

Before arriving at the event, Clinton held a private meeting at her D.C. home with Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren, who has been rumored to be a consideration for running mate.

Echoing some of the attacks Warren has made in recent days, Clinton attempted to elevate the importance of this election.

“We are in the middle of a concerted, persistent assault on women’s health across the country,” warned Clinton, who said the 2016 election was “profoundly different” than previous elections.

In what is a campaign trail staple of hers, Clinton highlighted Trump’s insults toward women and asserted that it would be “hard to imagine depending on him to defend the fundamental rights of women.”

Trump, meanwhile, continued calling Clinton, “crooked Hillary” and referred to her ongoing email scandal. He took her to task on her domestic and foreign policy stances.

Trump was interrupted by protesters at the annual gathering of evangelical Christians. The protesters shouted “Stop hate! Stop Trump!” and “refugees are welcome here.”

Trump called the chants “a little freedom of speech” but added it was also “a little rude, but what can you do?”",1
4561,'NO CAMP! NO CAMP!': Scuffles break out at Hungary train station after police stop migrant train,"Confusion reigned at Budapest's main railway station Thursday morning after Hungarian police allowed hundreds of migrants to enter the building, but the country's railway operator said that no direct trains would depart for Western Europe, the intended destination for many refugees.

A Reuters photographer estimated that up to 1,000 migrants from the Middle East, Africa and Asia had poured into the Keleti railway station from the square outside. The photographer also reported that some people had stormed the first trains they could find and were trying to push themselves and their children into the carriages through the doors and windows.

The Associated Press reported that announcements were made over the station loudspeakers in several languages, including English, that the trains were not heading west. Some migrants could be seen getting off the domestic trains, while others remained on the carriages amid the confusion.

A train that managed to leave the station, which was  bound for a town called Sopron, was stopped by police about an hour from Budapest, The Guardian reported. The passengers were ordered to get off the train. Some of the passengers grabbed hold of the train track to prevent police from taking them to a refugee camp.

Some reportedly banged on windows, chanting, ""No camp, no camp.""

Some of the migrants had been forced to sleep in the streets of Budapest for two nights after Hungarian police closed the terminal to them Tuesday. At that time, migrants with valid tickets but no travel documents were prevented from boarding trains to Austria and Germany.

There was no immediate explanation from the police or other authorities about why the migrants were allowed to enter the terminal Thursday. The rail company said its stance was due to ""railway transport"" security reasons. A Hungarian government spokesman confirmed to Sky News that no international trains would be leaving the station for ""safety reasons.""

Later Thursday, Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban said his country's military would be deployed at the country's southern border with Serbia as part of a crackdown on migrants and human traffickers.

Orban told the Associated Press in Brussels that Hungarian parliament is pushing through new measures ""that will create a new legal situation at the borders, even more strict than it was."" He added that the migrant ""problem is not a European problem, the problem is a German problem, nobody would like to stay in Hungary ... all of them would like to go to Germany.""

More than 160,000 migrants have crossed into Hungary this year as members of the 28-nation E.U. squabble over how to deal with its worst humanitarian crisis since the end of World War II.

On Wednesday, the leaders of Germany, Italy and France called for a ""fair distribution"" of refugees throughout the E.U. Germany alone is expected to take in 800,000 migrants this year, four times more than its 2014 total. Meanwhile, Italy and Greece, which have had to deal with an increase in migrants attempting the dangerous Mediterranean Sea crossing, have complained that their resources are being overwhelmed by the sheer numbers.

The crisis was given new urgency on Wednesday when images of a drowned three-year-old boy whose body had washed up on the shore of Turkey's Bodrum peninsula spread rapidly on social media. Turkish authorities said the boy was one of 12 Syrians who had drowned trying to reach Greece when the boat they were traveling in sank. The boy's mother and five-year-old brother were also among the victims.

Back in Hungary, migrants had threatened Wednesday to walk the 105 miles to the Austrian border if police would not let them board trains to their desired destinations.

Hungary tantalizingly opened the way Monday, allowing more than 1,000 migrants to pack westbound trains -- and inspiring a migrant surge to the capital -- before it withdrew the option 24 hours later.

Hungary, which for months had permitted most applicants to head west after short bureaucratic delays, now says it won't let more groups deeper into the European Union and claims EU backing for the move.

With an estimated 3,000 people camping outside the station, conditions had grown increasingly squalid despite the efforts of volunteers distributing water, food, medicine and disinfectants.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
4145,How a $15 minimum wage went from ‘extreme’ to enacted,"What once was considered “pie in the sky” is slowly becoming law. In New York, state legislators just agreed to raise the state minimum wage to $15 an hour, with the full effect beginning in New York City by December 2018. California just passed a compromise raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour by 2022. New Jersey and the District are planning to move similar laws. After New York and California, nearly 1 in 5 (18 percent) in the U.S. workforce will be on the path to $15 an hour.

How did this reform go from being scorned as “extreme” to being enacted? Consensus politicians don’t champion it. Pundits and chattering heads tend to ignore it. Many liberal economists deride it as too radical. The idea moved only because workers and allies organized and demanded the change.

Three years ago, fast-food workers walked off the job in what began the “fight for $15 and a union.” With the federal government as the largest low-wage employer, federal contract workers demonstrated repeatedly outside the Pentagon, Congress and the White House, demanding executive action under the banner of a “Good Jobs Nation.”

Progressive politicians added their voices. In Seattle, Kshama Sawant, an engineer and economist running under the banner of Socialist Alternative party, won a seat on the city council in 2013. She made a $15 minimum wage a centerpiece of her campaign and pushed it when in office. The Service Employees International Union, one of America’s largest unions; business leaders such as Nick Hanauer; and political leaders such as Seattle Mayor Ed Murray helped build the coalition needed to get it done. Now wages in Seattle are headed to $15. And in SeaTac, the airport district that passed a $15 minimum wage in a referendum, the wage is in effect now.

In New York, insurgent mayoral candidate Bill de Blasio made raising the minimum wage central to his campaign. He and the Working Families Party joined with striking low-wage workers, labor and community groups, and city council members. Zephyr Teachout’s surprisingly strong challenge to Gov. Andrew Cuomo (D) put pressure on him to act.

At the national level, Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) and Congressional Progressive Caucus co-chairs Rep. Keith Ellison (D-Minn.) and Rep. Raúl M. Grijalva (D-Ariz.) joined with demonstrating contract workers. The CPC lobbied President Obama to use his executive power to raise wages for federal contract workers. The president responded with three historic executive orders, lifting the minimum wage for contract workers to $10.10, cracking down on wage theft and other workplace violations, and extending paid leave to contract employees.

Obstacles remain. Today, 42 percent of American workers earn less than $15 an hour. And the right to a union has been trampled by relentless and at times lawless corporate resistance. The Republican leadership in Congress refuses even to allow a vote on raising the national minimum wage that, at $7.25 an hour, means full-time workers can’t even raise their families out of poverty.

But now Christine Owens, executive director of the National Employment Law Project, says that “the Fight for $15 launched by underpaid workers has changed the nation’s economic trajectory, beginning to reverse decades of wage inequality.”

Contrary to the business lobby, an analysis by economists at the University of California at Berkeley shows that New York’s increases will not lead to job losses. The higher wages will generate billions in new consumer spending; the increased sales will offset the costs to businesses. In Seattle, the unemployment rate reached an eight-year low after the initial increases in the minimum wage last year.

This movement continues to build. The Fight for $15 and Good Jobs Nation initiatives will ratchet up their walkouts and demonstrations this month. On Monday, an interfaith coalition of religious leaders issued a call for “moral action on the economy.” They will press presidential candidates to pledge to “issue an executive order to make sure taxpayer dollars reward ‘model employers’ that pay a living wage of at least $15 an hour, provide decent benefits and allow workers to organize without retaliation.” As Jim Winkler, general secretary of the National Council of Churches, summarized: “This election is fundamentally about whether the next president is willing to take transformative executive action to close the gap between the wealthy and workers.”

Sanders has made $15 and a union a centerpiece of his campaign. He has urged Obama to take executive action and surely will sign the pledge. Hillary Clinton supports raising the minimum wage to $12.50, allowing cities to go higher. Her position on the pledge is unknown. The Republican candidates — Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.), Donald Trump and Ohio Gov. John Kasich — oppose raising the minimum wage and would likely repeal Obama’s executive orders on low-wage contract workers if elected.

With inequality reaching record extremes, childhood poverty the worst in the industrial world and more Americans struggling simply to stay afloat, this country is desperately in need of bold reform. Yet bold ideas are repeatedly mocked as unrealistic and blocked by entrenched interests and conservative politicians. What the activists and low-wage workers have shown with their fight for $15 is that the changes we need will come if people organize and force them. Many commentators deride Sanders’s call for a political revolution, but that may be the most realistic idea of them all.

Read more from Katrina vanden Heuvel’s archive or follow her on Twitter.",1
479,Will Asia trade deal hurt US workers? Six tough questions answered.,"Critics of the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal – and the Senate bill to give the president fast track authority to negotiate it – say it will hurt American workers. Here is a look at some of those claims.

President Obama delivers remarks on trade at Nike corporate headquarters in Beaverton, Ore., Friday. Mr. Obama pressed fellow Democrats to support his push for a trade deal with Asian countries.

The Obama administration has a tough sell convincing Congress to grant it “fast track” trade negotiating authority so it can complete negotiations on the biggest regional trade deal in United States history – the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement, involving a total of 12 nations (though not China).

The administration sees this as a tremendous opportunity for economic growth. It wants fast track – which would require Congress only an up-or-down vote on a final agreement – to help it secure the best deal it can. Opponents, mostly Democrats but some Republicans, too, say fast track and TPP will cost America jobs. But supporters say their approach is “new and improved.”

Below are some of the critics’ chief concerns, and how fast track and TPP supporters respond:

Critics say free trade kills jobs. Business says it creates them. However, it’s not that simple.

Most economists agree that broadening trade results in economic growth, but benefits are shared unevenly.

“Trade liberalization promotes overall economic growth among trading partners but … there are both winners and losers,” the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service said in an April 2015 report. It’s also extremely difficult to calculate how a trade deal affects job creation and loss “due to a lack of data and important theoretical and practical matters,” CRS said.

In reviewing the 1994 North American Free Trade Agreement, CRS found that ""NAFTA did not cause the huge job losses feared by the critics or the large economic gains predicted by supporters.""

The Obama White House admits that while the overall benefits of trade expansion “may be large” they may also be “unevenly distributed.” Trade, therefore, “can also have adverse effects for some workers” the Council of Economic Advisers (CEA) said in “ The Economic Benefits of US Trade,” a report issued earlier this month.

So the White House is arguing to members of Congress that policies the administration supports, such as investment in infrastructure, worker training, and education, can offset jobs lost as a result of trade deals.

Assistance for the displaced: Is it enough?

  

 Trade adjustment assistance (TAA) programs provide help beyond traditional jobless benefits for workers displaced by trade. Displaced workers get help to train for a new career. Without such extra help, the thinking goes, these workers might find new jobs but have to take a big cut in pay – or they might drop out of the job market entirely.

The programs are also designed to boost chances of passing trade legislation, drawing in some Democrats who might otherwise be in the ""no"" camp. In a separate bill, TAA has been beefed up to raise benefits and to include service sector workers for the first time.

Whether TAA works, however, is a matter of debate. One 2012 Labor Department study found that, after four years, participants had earnings comparable to a group of non-TAA job losers.

That can be viewed as bad news (even with the help, they aren't doing any better than other people recovering from joblessness). Or as good news (this is a particularly hard-hit group of workers, who might have fared worse without the training).

Politically, “If TAA made even a relatively modest contribution to the ease of enacting free-trade policies, the program’s benefits would outweigh its costs,"" said the report.

When countries such as China and Japan artificially lower the value of their currencies, it costs Americans jobs because foreign imports become cheaper and US exports more expensive. So critics want language in the fast-track bill against currency manipulation.

The bill’s supporters don’t dispute the dangers. That’s why, for the first time, fast-track legislation makes the issue a “negotiating objective” for the administration.

But an enforcement mechanism is too strong a remedy to include in the bill, the administration says, claiming that it would derail trade negotiations. It could also endanger America’s ability to manage its own currency, and lead to retaliation and trade wars, US officials say. They point to modest success in recent years in pressuring China to increase the value of its currency.

Sen. Charles Schumer (D) of New York, who calls currency manipulation the “most significant trade challenge this country faces,” succeeded in getting a currency amendment in a related customs bill. It’s not yet clear what will happen to this measure or other attempts to address the issue.

Don’t know what’s in the TPP? That’s because it’s “top secret,” criticizes Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D) of Massachusetts, a vocal opponent of fast track.

That was a complaint that her colleague, Sen. Ron Wyden (D) of Oregon heard a lot at town halls. As a result, “I really went to the mat on these secrecy issues,” Senator Wyden said at a recent Monitor breakfast.

Senator Wyden, who is the administration’s point man on trade in the Senate, points out that with the fast-track bill, the full text of the TPP and any other trade agreements will be public for the first time – 60 days before Congress starts voting on it. Under fast track, any member of Congress can have access to classified negotiating texts. Members can attend negotiating rounds or be briefed by the administration on request.

That’s not good enough for Senator Warren. She’s pushing a petition that tells US trade officials: “No vote on a fast-track for trade agreements until the American people can see what’s in this TPP deal.” Members of Congress also complain about restricted access for their staffs, on whom they heavily rely.

Critics are up in arms over the way corporations settle disputes over alleged violations of free-trade agreements. The investor-state dispute settlement, or ISDS, lets foreign countries sue governments in special tribunals, rather than going through the country’s court system.

The problem with this, they argue, is that the tribunals grant huge payments to corporations for the violations – such big payments that countries are then incentivized to change their regulations. Not only do supporters of labor object, they worry that foreign companies will use the tribunals to force changes in US regulations and laws.

The administration says it is writing safeguards into the TPP that will prevent this from happening.

President Obama also told Yahoo Politics: ""There is no chance, zero chance, that the US would be sued on something like our financial regulations, and on food safety, and on the various environmental regulations that we have in place, mainly because we treat everybody the same."" He added, ""We treat our own companies the same way we treat somebody else's companies.""

For the first time, a non-free-market economy such as Vietnam will be included in a broad trade deal involving the US, and that’s a problem, say critics. “Americans should not be forced to compete against desperately poor workers like those in Vietnam who make as little as 56 cents an hour,” Sen. Bernie Sanders (I) of Vermont, wrote in a letter to to US Trade Representative Michael Froman last month.

In 2013, the US trade deficit with Vietnam was $19.6 billion.

But supporters argue that fast track and the TPP are precisely intended to protect against this problem. The fast-track bill raises the bar for labor, environment, and human rights standards, says Wyden. “Trading partners must adopt and maintain core international labor and environmental standards, with trade sanctions if they do not comply,” he said in a statement last month.

Staff writers David Cook and Mark Trumbull contributed to this report.",1
2532,"City, County Leaders Ask Court To Lift Injunction On Obama Immigration Programs","WASHINGTON -- Leaders from more than 70 cities and counties, some going against their states, joined a legal brief filed Monday asking an appeals court to allow President Barack Obama's deportation relief policies to move forward.

""Continuing to delay implementation of the president’s executive action on immigration hurts our economy and puts families at risk,"" New York Mayor Bill de Blasio (D), who spearheaded the effort with Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti (D) as part of Cities United for Immigration Action, said in a statement.

""Cities are where immigrants live, and cities are where the president's executive action will be successfully implemented,"" he continued. ""Our cities are united, and we will fight for the immigration reform this nation needs and deserves -- whether in the courtroom, in Congress, or in our communities. Make no mistake about it: our voices will be heard.""

Under the policies Obama announced in November, as many as 5 million undocumented immigrants with longstanding ties to the U.S. may be able to stay and work temporarily.

Twenty-six states, led by Texas, filed the lawsuit, arguing the relief programs would cause them harm and violate the Constitution. They've won support from some Republican members of Congress and governors.

But 14 states and the District of Columbia, including some led by Republicans, filed an amicus brief, saying the programs should be allowed to move forward.

Garcetti and de Blasio spearheaded a similar brief in January and received about 30 signatures. The latest brief is backed by mayors, county executives and governments from 73 cities and counties in 27 states. The National League of Cities and the U.S. Conference of Mayors also have joined the brief. The cities and counties are home to 43 million people, according to organizers of the brief.

Some cities signing onto the brief are in states that joined the lawsuit against the president's executive actions. Houston, the most populous city in Texas, is part of the cities' and counties' brief, as is the state capital, Austin. Cities and counties in Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Arizona, Ohio, Indiana, Arkansas, Wisconsin, Florida and Utah also signed on, even though their states are suing over the executive actions.

The brief argues the executive actions would be good for public safety and the economy in their cities and counties, and would help immigrants integrate and keep families together. The delay in implementing Obama's orders, the brief argues, ""harms their cities and counties and all residents thereof by forestalling the critical benefits of that action.""

The Obama administration is seeking a ruling to allow the programs to move forward. The Justice Department filed an appeal last week asking the court to lift the injunction.

UPDATE: 3:45 p.m. -- Nearly every House Democrat -- 181 of them -- signed on to another amicus brief filed on Monday asking the appeals court to lift the preliminary injunction on Obama's immigration policies.

The House Democrats' amicus brief says that they ""well understand the importance of ensuring that the executive does not exceed its constitutional or statutory authority."" But it goes on to say that the lawmakers understand the executive has the authority to use its discretion in enforcing the law.

""The broad discretionary authority to set removal policies and priorities is both explicit and implicit in the Nation’s immigration laws and has been exercised also by prior Administrations of both parties in ways consistent with the Secretary’s actions,"" the brief states, referring to Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson.",1
4246,Democrats Clinton and Sanders pounce on Flint water crisis — and each other,"Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders clashed fiercely Sunday over jobs, trade and Wall Street while agreeing that much more must be done to address a two-year-old water-contamination crisis that has paralyzed this majority-black city.

The session included the sharpest exchange yet between the Democratic presidential candidates over their economic plans and records. It included a heated argument over the auto industry bailout, which is of keen interest in Michigan, where both Democrats and Republicans will hold presidential primaries Tuesday.

Clinton emphasized the “hard choices” that lawmakers and President Obama made in 2009, facing the prospect of a collapse in the auto industry, and she noted that Sanders, a senator from Vermont, voted against a bailout measure.

Sanders said he voted against forcing “hard-working” Americans to bail out “the crooks of Wall Street.”

“If everybody had voted the way he did, I believe the auto industry would have collapsed,” Clinton said.

Sanders angrily hushed Clinton as she sought to interject. “Excuse me, I’m talking,” he said, drawing gasps from the audience.

“If you’re going to talk, tell the whole story,” Clinton replied.

“You’ll get your turn,” he snapped.

The debate, which aired on CNN, was added to the Democrats’ schedule after Sanders emerged as a stronger-than-expected challenger. Flint was chosen as the site to highlight the water crisis, which has become a focus of liberal anger.

The episode began two years ago, when state overseers who had taken over the city switched its water supply to the Flint River without treating the water to avoid corrosion of lead pipes. Lead leached into the water supply, and although residents began complaining immediately, the problems did not fully come to light until January, amid revelations that state officials had spent much of 2014 and 2015 dismissing those complaints.

Both Clinton and Sanders have said that the crisis would never have happened in a richer, whiter city. The debate featured heartbreaking and harrowing stories about children who stopped growing, lost their hair or were intellectually stunted by poisoned water.

Sanders used his opening statement to repeat his call for the state’s Republican governor to resign over what he called a “dereliction of duty,” before shifting to his core message about economic inequality.

For the first time, Clinton agreed that Gov. Rick Snyder should “resign or be recalled.” Previously, she had said that her approach was to try to solve the problem and that assigning blame could wait.

“The state should also be sending money immediately to help this city. I know the state of Michigan has a rainy-day fund for emergencies,” Clinton said. “It’s raining lead in Flint.”

Sunday’s debate opened with a moment of silence in honor of former first lady Nancy Reagan, who died Sunday at 94. The session was the first Democratic debate since the Super Tuesday contests, when Clinton emerged with a lead of nearly 200 pledged delegates over Sanders.

She slightly expanded her delegate lead after a win in Louisiana on Saturday, while Sanders claimed victories in Nebraska and Kansas. The debate had been underway for only a few minutes Sunday when Sanders’s victory in the Maine caucuses was announced.

Sanders’s successes and his vow to remain in the race through the Democratic convention lent a new tension to the debate. Gone were the magnanimous and polite gestures each had offered the other in previous debates.

“Let’s have some facts instead of some rhetoric for a change,” Clinton said testily.

“Let me tell my story, you tell yours,” Sanders said at another point. “Your story is voting for every disastrous trade amendment and voting for corporate America.”

Sanders mocked Clinton’s defense of the Export-Import Bank as helpful to small businesses. He would shutter the institution he called the “Bank of Boeing” for its efforts on behalf of the aircraft maker as it competes with rival Airbus.

Sanders’s opposition to the Ex-Im Bank put him at odds with the Democratic caucus in Congress — a fact that he embraced.

“I don’t want to break the bad news,” Sanders said sarcastically. “Democrats are not always right. Democrats have often supported corporate welfare. Democrats have supported disastrous trade agreements.”

Both candidates have campaigned hard in Michigan. Tuesday’s vote here will serve as a test of Clinton’s institutional support from unions and of Sanders’s appeal with the working class.

It could also set the stage for a contentious fall election. Clinton has already begun shifting her focus on the campaign trail to a potential general-election matchup against the Republican front-runner, Donald Trump, although neither he nor the rest of the Republican field got much mention Sunday.

“Donald Trump’s bigotry, his bullying, his bluster are not going to wear well with the American people,” Clinton said.

Labeling Sanders a communist “was one of the nice things he said about me,” Sanders joked.

Michigan is a swing state that both Republicans and Democrats see as a potential victory in November. Trump is favored to win here Tuesday, and his tough-guy message on international trade has found an audience here.

Over several days of campaigning here, Sanders has focused squarely on jobs and trade, accusing Clinton of backing international trade deals that stripped Michigan of good-paying jobs.

He also stressed his long opposition to trade pacts such as the pending Trans-Pacific Partnership with Pacific Rim nations. Clinton had backed the TPP deal, a signature initiative of President Obama, when she was secretary of state. She announced last year that she opposes it, which Sanders allies call an election-season conversion that she could reverse if elected.

“I am very glad, Anderson, that Secretary Clinton has discovered religion on this issue,” Sanders said to moderator Anderson Cooper. “But it’s a little bit too late.”

The Sanders campaign thinks that the primary map becomes more favorable to him as the race shifts out of the South, but his window to overtake Clinton is narrowing.

But with momentum from other primaries that featured large numbers of African American voters, Clinton holds a comfortable lead in Michigan. She has focused her campaign here on black voters, who were about a quarter of the primary electorate in 2008, and on the Flint crisis.

A Detroit Free Press-WXYZ poll released late Saturday shows her leading Sanders by 56 percent to 31 percent, a gap that “suggests it may be too late for him to battle back to a victory here despite a strong effort in recent days,” the newspaper wrote.

The poll had her in a statistical tie with Sanders on the question of trustworthiness and up three points on the question of who would be the “more progressive president.” Only 17 percent of those polled felt Sanders had the best chance of winning in November.

At a news conference before the debate, Sanders acknowledged that he trails Clinton in Michigan, in part because he has continued to struggle to reach African American voters, who represented about 23 percent of the Democratic primary electorate in 2008.

During the debate, he fumbled a question about what “racial blind spots” he has by suggesting that only black people live in ghettos.

“When you’re white, you don’t know what it’s like to be living in a ghetto, you don’t know what it’s like to be poor, you don’t know what it’s like to be hassled when you walk down the street or when you get dragged out of a car,” he said.

For her part, Clinton misstated her own position on gun control, a central issue in her campaign.

“I think we have to try everything that works to try to limit the number of people and the kinds of people who are given access to firearms,” she said.

That goes further than her official position that loopholes in existing gun-control laws should be narrowed and that people on the federal terrorist no-fly list should be prevented from buying guns.

Despite predicting a continued strong challenge from Sanders, Clinton’s advisers hope that by April, her delegate advantage will make it virtually impossible for Sanders to claim the nomination.

The catastrophic failure represented by the Flint water crisis set the tone for the feisty debate, with both candidates expressing outrage and promising action.

“President Sanders would fire anybody who knew about what was happening and did not act appropriately,” Sanders said.

Sanders also demanded a rebate for Flint residents who paid their water bills throughout the crisis, something that has already been done. Snyder has obtained a $30 million appropriation to pay Flint water bills and give residents money back.

“You are paying three times more than poisoned water than I pay in Burlington, Vermont, for clean water,” Sanders said.

Clinton pledged to “get rid of lead everywhere” within five years if she is elected.

Elahe Izadi in Washington and Steve Friess in Flint contributed to this report.",1
708,"No, Sanders wouldn't be a better match for Trump","**Want FOX News First in your inbox every day? Sign up here.**

Buzz Cut:

 • No, Sanders wouldn’t be a better match for Trump

 • Power Play: Senate flipping out?

 • Reid tries to diffuse Dem tensions

 • Fox News Latino poll: Hillary tops Trump by 39 points with Hispanics

 • Look out below

NO, SANDERS WOULDN’T BE A BETTER MATCH FOR TRUMP

 Bernie Sanders is looking a lot like John Kasich these days. And, no, not because of their hand gestures.

In the final round of “Super Sloppy Double Dare” that was the GOP nominating process, Kasich argued that he should be the nominee because he handily beat Hillary Clinton in hypothetical head-to-head matchups while now-presumptive nominee Donald Trump consistently lagged.

Now, Sanders who is, as Kasich was, out of the running for the nomination is asking his party to throw over the frontrunner for the sake of general election viability. And there’s data to back him up.

In this week’s Fox News poll and the most recent NYT/CBS News poll, Sanders outperforms Clinton against Trump. And it had been true for Kasich, too.

But it doesn’t really matter. First, any Democrat without her enormous negative ratings would match up better with Trump than Clinton does. Throw Martin O’Malley or even an imaginary candidate (insofar as those are different concepts) in a poll, and you might see a similar result.

And that’s because those candidates haven’t been the target of millions of dollars in attack ads or even garnered much in the way of media scrutiny. These are not just hypothetical matchups, they are, in many ways, hypothetical candidates.

Head-to-head matchup polls in primaries can be useful if you’re talking about frontrunners and/or candidates who have been substantially defined in the minds of voters.

Then there’s the question of how the process shapes the product. Competing for your party’s nomination definitely can damage your reputation. Lordy day, it can.

But, there is also a payoff at the end of the line, as the party swings in behind its man or woman. So it’s not just that Sanders’ head-to-head matchups with Trump aren’t reflective of the general-election reality, neither are Clinton’s.

The current Trump bump is real. The NYT/CBS News poll tells the tale: Eight in 10 Republicans said that the party should unite behind him, despite their disagreements. And in his battle with Clinton, Trump is getting the same post-victory boost his predecessor, Mitt Romney, got four years ago.

After a primary season of unrivaled acrimony, the realities of the binary choice of the general election are setting in.

The big question now is what Clinton’s bounce will look like.

It will certainly be there. Eighty percent of Democrats in the poll said that party unity was essential to victory and 83 percent said Clinton could do that. For Republicans, just 63 percent said unity was essential to victory and just 64 percent believed Trump could deliver on that task.

That discrepancy helps explain Trump’s deficit in this survey.

What we must wait to see is how big a boost Clinton will get – perhaps less than Trump considering that her party is already more united. We also can’t know whether the surge in partisan loyalty we see for Trump today will last, or if the party’s underlying fracture will reassert itself.

The answers to both sets of questions will depend on how well Clinton and Trump traverse the eight weeks until convention time.

WITH YOUR SECOND CUP OF COFFEE…

 The Scientist: “They don’t snore, but might creak during their slumbers. For the first time, trees have been shown to undergo physical changes at night that can be likened to sleep, or at least to day-night cycles that have been observed experimentally in smaller plants. Branches of birch trees have now been seen drooping by as much as 10 centimetres at the tips towards the end of the night. ‘It was a very clear effect, and applied to the whole tree,’ says András Zlinszky of the Centre for Ecological Research in Tihany, Hungary. ‘No one has observed this effect before at the scale of whole trees, and I was surprised by the extent of the changes.’”

POWER PLAY: SENATE FLIPPING OUT?

 With the presidential picks in both parties essentially decided, party operatives are turning to the Senate as the next battle heading into the November election, and Republicans are on the defending side. Can they keep their majority, or will Democrats flip it back in their favor? National Republican Senatorial Committee National Spokeswoman, Alleigh Marre, gives her picks for seats she believes the GOP can maintain while Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee Communications Director, Sadie Weiner, gives her take on seats she thinks Democrats can easily steal.

Reid tries to diffuse Dem tensions - WSJ: “Divisions within the Democratic Party, including the eruption of violence on the part of Bernie Sanders’s supporters at a state party convention in Nevada, have thrust Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid into the center of an intraparty brawl in his final months in office.”

[Matthew Continetti says Obama’s policy of non-intervention extends to his party’s own civil war.]

Fox News Latino poll: Hillary tops Trump by 39 points with Hispanics - Fox News Latino: “With less than six months to go before the presidential elections, Latinos overwhelmingly support Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton over presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump, according to a Fox News Latino poll released on Friday. The poll found that 62 percent of registered Latino voters would head to the ballot box for Clinton in November, while only 23 percent would support Trump on Election Day – a finding that many experts say is not surprising given the two candidates’ differing stances on issues important to Latinos.”

[A new Fox News poll says that when it comes to most issues, Clinton comes out ahead of Trump, but trails badly on two of the most important: economy and terrorism.]

Fox News Sunday - Trump policy adviser Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-Ala., and Rep. Mike McCaul, R-Texas, join guest host John Roberts on “Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace.” Check local listings for broadcast times in your area.

#mediabuzz - Host Howard Kurtz wraps the week’s media news. Watch Sunday at 11 a.m. and 5 p.m. Guests include Bob Woodward, Brit Hume and Tucker Carlson.

RACE NOTES

 Thirty-five years ago, Trump released his taxes and showed he paid not one cent - WaPo

Trump helps pay off Chris Christie’s campaign debt, but mocks gubernatorial girth - NYDN

Minnesota State GOP trying to prevent funding for Trump - [St. Paul] Pioneer Press

WITHIN EARSHOT

 “I’m 3 million votes ahead of [Bernie Sanders] and I have an insurmountable lead in pledge delegates and I’m confident that just as I did with Senator Obama, where I said, you know what? It was really close. Much closer. Much closer than it is between me and Senator Sanders right now.” -- Hillary Clinton talking on CNN about the state of the Democratic primary race between her and Bernie Sanders.

 

 LOOK OUT BELOW

 AP: “The San Diego County Department of Animal Services says a baby opossum is doing well after being rescued from a toilet. The soaking wet little creature is seen in photos posted on the department’s Facebook page. The agency says a Pacific Beach woman found the critter in her toilet on May 1 and Animal Control Officer Carlos Wallis responded and took it to the San Diego Humane Society’s Project Wildlife. It will be released when it is old enough to survive on its own. A second opossum was found in the home later, along with a broken window which likely allowed the animals to enter. Animal Services Deputy Director Dan DeSousa says both opossums are doing OK.”

Chris Stirewalt is digital politics editor for Fox News. Sally Persons contributed to this report. Want FOX News First in your inbox every day? Sign up here.

Chris Stirewalt joined Fox News Channel (FNC) in July of 2010 and serves as digital politics editor based in Washington, D.C.  Additionally, he authors the daily ""Fox News First"" political news note and hosts ""Power Play,"" a feature video series, on FoxNews.com. Stirewalt makes frequent appearances on the network, including ""The Kelly File,"" ""Special Report with Bret Baier,"" and ""Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace.""  He also provides expert political analysis for Fox News coverage of state, congressional and presidential elections.",1
4563,‘People in Europe are full of fear’ over refugee influx,"The European Union’s sharpening divisions over a spiraling refugee crisis broke into the open Thursday with two leaders strongly disagreeing in public over whether the asylum-seekers were threatening “Europe’s Christian roots.”

That was the language used by Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban as he warned Europe against allowing in mostly Muslim families. A day after a drowned Syrian toddler washed up on the Turkish coast, another European leader retorted that Christian values demanded helping the less fortunate.

The furious exchange — a rare breach of the E.U.’s buttoned-down decorum — came as Hungarian authorities apparently laid a trap for thousands of asylum-seekers who had packed Budapest’s central train station after days of worsening conditions outside the station. Police had blocked them from entering the station for days but allowed them in early Thursday.

But a refugee-packed train apparently bound for the Austrian border came to a halt just west of Budapest, in a small town where dozens of police officers were waiting on the platform. They tried to force people off the train to take them to a migrant-processing center, threatening their chances to make it onward to Western Europe.

By day’s end, there was a standoff, with the packed train surrounded by police and the migrants refusing to budge. Some of the passengers received medical treatment on the platform.

[European railways become ground zero for the migrant crisis]

Orban, Hungary’s nationalist leader who has spearheaded attempts to turn back the migrants, said Thursday that he had little choice but to seal his nation’s border with razor wire, soldiers and a high fence.

“We Hungarians are full of fear, people in Europe are full of fear, because we see that the European leaders, among them the prime ministers, are not able to control the situation,” he said in Brussels in a raw joint appearance with European Parliament President Martin Schulz. Orban and Schulz, a veteran politician from Germany, made no attempt to paper over their differences or their distaste for each other.

The Hungarian leader blamed Germany for the crisis, saying that its open-door policy toward Syrian asylum-seekers was propelling a wave of migrants to undertake dangerous journeys toward Europe’s heart. Germany expects 800,000 asylum-seekers this year, and it has said that it does not plan to turn away Syrians.

“The moral, human thing is to make clear: ‘Please don’t come. Why do you have to go from Turkey to Europe? Turkey is a safe country. Stay there. It’s risky to come,’ ” Orban said.

Hundreds of thousands of people fleeing war in Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan have overwhelmed Europe’s capacity to respond in recent months, opening stark divisions. Some leaders believe that the world’s largest economic bloc — a vast territory of 503 million residents — is more than capable of accommodating refugees. Others, including Hungary’s Orban, believe the continent’s population is in a far more delicate state.

The divisions could threaten some of the most basic tenets of the E.U., an alliance built on the ashes of World War II in a bid never again to allow such destruction. German Chancellor Angela Merkel said this week that a Europe with no internal borders — a key achievement of European unification — could be in question if no solution to the refugee crisis is found.

He warned that the splits emerging during the refugee crisis could do lasting damage to the 28-nation alliance, which was founded on a spirit of consensus and burden-sharing.

“This is a crucial moment for the European Union,” Schulz said. “A deeper split of the union is a risk we cannot exclude.”

Orban’s fears are shared by many Eastern European nations, which have pushed hard against any attempt to require them to take in asylum-seekers. Slovakia has said it will accept only Christians. In Estonia, where fewer than 100 migrants have been resettled, police on Thursday were investigating a suspicious early-morning fire at a dormitory that was housing victims of Syria’s war.

[Britain takes in so few refugees from Syria they would fit on a subway train]

But the concerns also extend to Britain. There, fewer Syrians than would fit in a London subway train have been accepted this year. British media reported Thursday that Prime Minister David Cameron would soon announce plans to take in “thousands” more Syrian refugees, a striking turnaround for a leader who a day earlier had said that the answer to the crisis was not simply taking in “more and more” refugees.

Elsewhere in Europe, the refusals brought mounting anger from leaders who are more sympathetic to the growing crowds of asylum-seekers.

“For a Christian, it shouldn’t matter what race, religion and nationality the person in need represents,” European Council President Donald Tusk said Thursday, launching into Orban before the two met in Brussels. Tusk, a former prime minister of Poland, proposed resettling at least 100,000 refugees across Europe.

In France, President François Hollande said the death of the toddler is “a tragedy, but it’s also a call to the European conscience. Europe is made of values and principles.” Images of the child’s body lying facedown and partly in the water on a Turkish beach evoked consternation around the world.

Hollande said he had just reached an agreement with Germany on a proposal for mandatory quotas to more equitably spread refugees across the E.U. Some European countries “are not shouldering their moral obligations,” he said.

Merkel, meanwhile, said she understood that not every nation was prepared to take on as large a burden as her country was doing. But she said it was impossible for Germany, Sweden and Austria alone to continue taking in the vast majority of the incoming asylum-seekers.

“The Geneva Convention does not apply only to Germany but also to every state,” she said, referring to the international treaty that requires countries to take in refugees of war.

Orban has vowed to seal Hungary’s borders by Sept. 15, empowered by emergency measures expected to be approved by the country’s parliament in the coming days. The measures would give authorities broad powers to crack down on illegal migration.

Outside Budapest’s elegant stone-and-glass-fronted station Thursday evening, people living in tents and atop worn woolen blankets sprawled across a vast public plaza and into an adjacent subway concourse. Tourists carrying frame backpacks slipped into the station entrance past women cradling babies, men pacing anxiously and children arguing over the few available toys.

Refugees expressed a keen awareness that Hungary does not want them — and said the feeling is mutual.

“Hungary is a poor country. They can’t give us the life we’re looking for. They can’t even give us food or water,” said Yahya Lababidi, a tank-top-wearing 21-year-old law student from the northern Syrian province of Idlib. “We want to go to the rich countries.”

Lababidi said he had been traveling for a month, passing along “the usual route” — through Turkey, Greece, Macedonia and Serbia — with a plan ultimately to settle in the Netherlands. But he said that when he tried to enter the train station in Budapest five days earlier, police officers barred his path. Since then, he’s been sleeping on the cold stone of the plaza.

“I escaped from war,” he said. “I thought things would be better than this.”

[As tragedies shock Europe, a bigger refu­gee crisis looms in the Middle East]

Hungarian leaders “have done all they can to stir up popular sentiment against immigrants and refugees,” said Marta Pardavi, a co-chair of the Hungarian Helsinki Committee, a group that offers legal advice to asylum-seekers. “This has become a totally divided issue. Friendships break up over this.”

Critics of the European response said the continent’s 20th-century history of dictatorships and wars should instill in it more sympathy for others in need.

“We are facing a historical moment, perhaps one of the biggest the E.U. has had to face over the last couple of decades,” said Yves Pascouau, director of migration and mobility policies at the Brussels-based European Policy Center. “European citizens have fled dictatorships and wars. This is a part of our history. We’ve been able to be protected elsewhere in our countries.”

Witte reported from Budapest. Karla Adam in London contributed to this report.

European railways become ground zero for the migrant crisis

Why the language we use to talk about refugees matters so much

E.U. leaders show little unity ahead of emergency conclave on refugees",1
944,The GOP would unite against Trump at its own peril,"The other day I spied a high Republican official walking on the street and called out his name. He stopped, hit his smile app and exclaimed how glad he was to see me. “What are you going to do about Trump?” I asked. He paused and then uttered the dreaded word: unity. “We have to have unity,” he said. I got his message. He’s selling out.

In the coming weeks, Republicans everywhere will be seeking unity by embracing a front-runner. If that person is Donald Trump, they will be ignoring his utter lack of qualifications for the presidency, his harebrained schemes for controlling migration, his knack for insulting billions people at a time (Muslims, women, the disabled), his gaudy womanizing past, his lying, his exaggerating, his enthusiasm for torture and his ingenious view of the Constitution as a lease that can be broken.

That paragraph, politically lethal if I were writing about someone else, encapsulates precisely why Trump is so hard to stop. He is, among other things, scandal-proof. At the moment, an army of journalists is scouring the land looking for whatever Trump has done that we might not yet know about. Trouble is, there is little that can be revealed. Call him a womanizer, and he shrugs. Say he lies, and he lies by saying he doesn’t. Confront him with the truth and, as he did by insisting on Muslim revelry in New Jersey following the Sept. 11 attacks, and he just perseveres. He cannot be shamed.

It’s trite to liken Trump to a Kardashian, but I shall do so anyway. What they have in common is the determination to outlast our moral or political revulsion. Kim Kardashian hit the big time with a sex tape. Revolting? Yes. But forgotten? Mostly. What lingers is the name.

It is similar with Trump. The shock of his statements — calling Mexican immigrants “rapists,” for instance — has worn off. The same with his insult to Megyn Kelly or his mocking of a disabled New York Times reporter. All that is now “old news,” blanched of its repellent ugliness by time: Oh, that’s just Trump. He’ll say anything. He doesn’t mean it.

Bit by bit, Trump will accumulate more endorsements. The motley crew that now surrounds him will be supplemented and upgraded by establishment names. They will use the same reasoning that Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) did last month when he endorsed Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.), whom he hates — a higher purpose. In Graham’s case, it was to stop Trump. With others, it will be this thing called party unity or, its functional equivalent, stopping Hillary Clinton.

But what is the point of a party that attempts to unify around a candidate such as Donald Trump? What then does the party stand for? Does the GOP endorse anti-Muslim bigotry? Shall the party have a plank about Mexican rapists or the physical attributes of women? If Trump is its nominee, will the party endorse what are certain to be misogynist and personal attacks on Clinton? (Trump’s campaign boasts he has the endorsement of Paula Jones and Juanita Broaddrick, both associated with Bill Clinton’s sexual rap sheet. This could get ugly.)

Trump’s message, we are incessantly told, is that the GOP has double-crossed its constituency with trade, immigration and just about anything else you can name. But it will do the Republican Party no good to win back the aggrieved at the cost of everyone else — not to mention what is good for the country.

A glance at Trump’s endorsees — check his Web page — is an effective appetite suppressant. Imagine a Republican National Convention’s dais stocked with some of the people who have already endorsed Trump — not just the feckless Chris Christie or the bizarre Sarah Palin, but such figures as the disgraced football player Richie Incognito, Hulk Hogan and Teresa Giudice, from “The Real Housewives of New Jersey,” a fresh alumna of the federal prison system. A meeting of Trump supporters might have to be sanctioned by a pro wrestling promoter.

When I spotted that Republican official, I did not say what I initially wanted to. I wanted to say that we are taking names — “we” being the American people. We will remember who endorsed a man who took American politics lower than it has ever been, no doubt extracting promises of good behavior that later will be broken. Party unity will not wash. The GOP is going to lose, the only question is how — with some honor, or craven and deservedly mocked by history.",1
821,Kasich bows out. Did he do 'the right thing?',"Ohio Gov. John Kasich, a political insider who believed in civility, suspended his campaign Wednesday – one day after Sen. Ted Cruz bowed out.

How SNL's 'the bubble' sketch about polarization is all too true

Republican presidential candidate John Kasich arrives to Central Medford High School in Medford, Ore. on April 28. The Ohio governor suspended his campaign Wednesday.

John Kasich, who ran as a hug-providing political insider in a year dominated by voter anger and the rise of outside candidates, suspended his political campaign on Wednesday. The move leaves Donald Trump standing alone as the presumptive Republican presidential nominee.

Mr. Trump sounded conciliatory after news broke that Governor Kasich was quitting. He said that the Ohio governor might be helpful in the Buckeye State for the general election and that he would be interested in vetting Kasich as a possible vice presidential running mate.

“I think John’s doing the right thing,” Trump told CNN’s Wolf Blitzer.

Did he? Not everyone was so sure. Kasich supporters bemoaned the loss of what they felt was the last source of civility in the race. Over the months of a campaign where other candidates resorted to deeply personal insults, innuendo, and shouting, the Ohio governor stood alone in emphasizing the complexity of political problems and the need to work with others to find answers.

“If this is his last campaign, he went out admirably,” tweeted Yahoo News National Political Correspondent Matt Bai on Wednesday.

Others pointed out that Kasich had finally reached his strategic goal – a one-on-one match-up with Trump – only to withdraw. Whether he could have beaten Trump or not was irrelevant, in this view. He’d have been able to rally anti-Trump forces in a way Ted Cruz could not, and show that Trumpism had not conquered the entire Republican Party.

The problem is that Trump, if not Trumpism, does conquer all in the GOP. Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus last night referred to Trump as the “presumptive nominee.” Given that, and fact that Trump is almost certain to pile up a winning majority of 1,237 delegates by the end of the primary season, Kasich felt he had no choice but to look for the exits.

And there were never enough of those supporters, anyway. Kasich won only his home state of Ohio and by the end was at less than 20 percent in the national polls in a three-man race.

Technically, Kasich finished 2016 in fourth, even though he was the last losing contender to drop out. Trump, Senator Cruz, and Marco Rubio all won more delegates. It’s amazing that he stayed in the race so long, given that he won more than 20 percent of the vote only once in the first 20 GOP primaries or caucuses, notes FiveThirtyEight polling guru Harry Enten.

“Most candidates would have seen the writing on the wall and gone home. Kasich didn’t see the wall or the writing, or he didn’t care,” writes Mr. Enten.

Would Trump actually ask Kasich to be his running mate, and if so would Kasich accept? Trump’s said he wants a politician as a VP, and the Ohio governor would provide balance to the billionaire in terms of experience and message. The pair never really clashed, though Trump did mock Kasich’s losing ways and his enthusiastic methods of eating.

For Kasich, a VP slot might validate his quixotic effort and provide a cap to his long and varied political career. But Kasich also described himself as a “Prince of Light and Hope,” and he’d be joining a presidential candidate who’s shown no eagerness to embrace either of those characteristics.",1
5114,The Sad Truth About Melania Trump’s Plagiarism Snafu,"First of all, poor Melania. She was just trying to do her part and get the hell out of there. She deviated not a word from the teleprompter, except when thrown by unfamiliar words—like when “adversaries” came out as “advisories.” Hey, they’re similar.

Second of all, how the hell does this even happen? Watch the video of Melania and Michelle Obama superimposed upon each other, and you get a sense of how audacious the theft was and how perfect-for-TV this brouhaha is. If someone wrote the speech for Melania, how did that person get hired? And if Melania wrote it herself, who let that happen? (Rule for first gentlemen and first ladies: do not pick your own words.)

In case you missed it, I’m referring to the Melania-Michelle plagiarism flap—that Melania lifted some paragraphs out of Michelle Obama’s 2008 convention speech. It is a major embarrassment to the Trump campaign and, without doubt, to Melania. That said, let’s not exaggerate its importance. Writing in The New Republic, Brian Beutler called it “incredibly damaging”—which seems over the top. It’s devouring the oxygen right now. In 24 hours, it won’t be.

Every scandal has a half-life. The worst scandals brand you forever and keep unfolding forever. The least serious get forgotten fast and run out of gas in a day. I think Melania’s is of the latter sort.

To brand you forever, a scandal needs to reveal something hugely distasteful. This wasn’t that big a deal. She’s Donald’s wife, not Donald. To keep unfolding forever, a scandal needs to have an interesting mystery. This isn’t that interesting or mysterious. The question of how this blunder happened is worth a story, but not a lot of stories.

Contrast this with the scandal of erstwhile Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski, who allegedly yanked a female reporter’s arm in a boorish manner. That kept going and going because the allegations were very distasteful (assault!) and the mystery was interesting (did he really do it as claimed?). Every couple of days or so, it seemed, a new video emerged. It was an excellent dumb scandal.

Plagiarism is one of those sins that doom journalists but not politicians or their wives. In 1987, when running for president, Joe Biden plagiarized vast passages from Labour Party politician Neil Kinnock, which made for humiliating coverage. In 2008, Barack Obama lifted passages from Massachusetts then-governor Deval Patrick, a misstep that Obama smoothly batted away by saying Patrick had suggested the lines because of the two men’s shared philosophy. Both men did okay in the long run.

So this will damage Trump a little but not much. The pearl-clutching is taking place in newsrooms, not in America’s living rooms. It’s embarrassing, but it plays into no popularly accepted narrative. (That Trump’s campaign is bumbling and chaotic in its operations is known to political buffs but not the broader public.) Tomorrow, we’ll be arguing about some other snafu. And, the way things are going, we’ll have more than a few to choose from.",1
4630,Will the Comey bombshell really shake up the 2016 race?,"First Read is a morning briefing from Meet the Press and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter.

After bombshell, does the remarkably stable '16 race stay stable?

There's no hyperbole in stating that the 2016 Hillary Clinton-vs.-Donald Trump presidential race has been the craziest we've covered. Consider all of the jaw-dropping moments: Mexican rapists. WikiLeaks. Vladimir Putin. The Access Hollywood video. Alicia Machado. Trump's visit to Mexico. ""Basket of Deplorables."" Birtherism. And the debates -- all of them. Despite them all, however, the race has been remarkably stable. Just look at the national NBC/WSJ poll numbers since Sept. 2015.

But does that stability change after FBI Director James Comey's bombshell Friday that his organization learned of the existence of new emails that appear ""pertinent"" to its previous investigation into Clinton's email practices? One the one hand, the polling we've seen -- so far -- suggests that voters remain in their partisan corners. According to this weekend's Washington Post/ABC poll, 63% of voters said the FBI's review makes no difference. And among the 34% who say it makes them ""less likely"" to back Clinton, those voters are disproportionately Republicans and GOP-leaning independents. What's more, the post-Comey polls we've seen (here and here) haven't really budged, at least not yet. On the other hand, it has never been a positive for Clinton throughout this entire presidential race when the focus has been on her, especially on the subject of emails. Eight days to go…

The latest developments in the Comey Surprise

Meanwhile, here are all of the latest developments in the Comey Surprise: The FBI obtained a warrant to search emails related to the probe of Hillary Clinton's private server that were discovered on ex-congressman Anthony Weiner's laptop... Also on Sunday, Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid accused Comey of violating the Hatch Act, which bars government officials from using their authority to influence elections... Former Attorney General Eric Holder wrote a ""scathing op-ed condemning FBI Director James Comey for his handling of the investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server. 'I fear he has unintentionally and negatively affected public trust in both the Justice Department and the FBI'""… And NBC's Ari Melber has a piece concluding that newly discovered emails -- even if they contain classified information -- would unlikely change the earlier conclusion not to charge Clinton.

FBI's review of the emails could be quick

Additionally, NBC's Pete Williams reports that it's possible the FBI's review of the emails could end quickly -- now that the FBI obtained a warrant to search them. ""They'll narrow them down to look at just those dating from the time Hillary Clinton was secretary of state. Then they'll weed out any that are not about government business. Agents will use automated software to search what's left for duplicates they've already found during the investigation of the Clinton e-mail server. Any that remain will be checked for classified information,"" Williams reported on ""Today"" this morning. ""Officials say there's no way to tell how long that will take. But they say if it goes quickly, and nothing classified is found, the FBI could say so within the next few days. It largely depends on how many of the e-mails are duplicates and how many are new to the investigators.""

NBC/WSJ/Marist polls: Clinton up in NC, deadlocked race in FL

Over the weekend, we released brand-new NBC/WSJ/Marist polls of Florida and North Carolina (which were conducted before Friday's bombshell news). The numbers:

The polls (conducted Oct. 25-26) also measure early voting in these two states. Among the 36% of likely voters in Florida who say they've already voted, Clinton is ahead, 54% -37%. Among those who haven't voted in the Sunshine State, Trump is up, 51%-42%. And Clinton leads by a 61%-33% margin among the 29% of North Carolinians who say they've already voted.

It's amazing when news about Donald Trump -- no matter how controversial -- gets drowned out by other events. Still, don't miss this Washington Post piece into Trump's charitable giving, or lack thereof: ""For as long as he has been rich and famous, Donald Trump has also wanted people to believe he is generous. He spent years constructing an image as a philanthropist by appearing at charity events and by making very public — even nationally televised — promises to give his own money away. It was, in large part, a facade. A months-long investigation by The Washington Post has not been able to verify many of Trump's boasts about his philanthropy. Instead, throughout his life in the spotlight, whether as a businessman, television star or presidential candidate, The Post found that Trump had sought credit for charity he had not given — or had claimed other people's giving as his own.""

How violence and retaliation are constant themes in Trump's rhetoric

Also, do read NBC's Benjy Sarlin on how violence and retaliation are common themes in Trump's rhetoric and in his events. ""In his eyes, the world is an unforgiving place where cities are 'war zones,' where 'rapists' are streaming across the border and where jealous rivals are hatching plots to humiliate America and Trump personally. To prevail in such an environment, he suggests, the response to any slight must be swift and overwhelming. Dwelling on limits imposed by law or tradition is usually a secondary concern. This framework has expressed itself in policy, in which Trump has extolled the use of torture, threatened reprisals against the families of terrorists and pledged to jail Clinton, a former senator and secretary of state. It has expressed itself rhetorically in vicious insults against critics and in his encouragement of violence by supporters.""

First Read's downballot race of the day: Florida Senate

Marco Rubio rode to Republicans' rescue when he reversed his pledge not to seek re-election, although it's not a complete slam dunk that he'll hold onto his seat. The former presidential candidate faces challenges -- most notably his well-known national ambitions and his frustration with the Senate, as well as his tortured relationship with the GOP presidential nominee. But luckily for Rubio, his Democratic opponent, Rep. Patrick Murphy, is far from an ideal candidate. He's taken heat for overselling parts of his resume and for his reliance on his wealthy family for campaign donations. Our NBC/WSJ/Marist poll has it Rubio 51%, Murphy 43%.

Hillary Clinton spends her day in Ohio, campaigning in Kent (in the Cleveland-Akron area) at 2:45 pm ET and then in Cincinnati at 6:15 pm ET… Donald Trump is in Michigan, hitting Grand Rapids at noon ET and Warren at 3:00 pm ET… Tim Kaine stumps in North Carolina… And Mike Pence is in Florida.",1
3887,"Rating Obama, 50% say he's been a success","George Washington was the first President of the United States, serving from 1789 to 1797. He also served as commander-in-chief of the Continental Army, and he has the distinction of being the only President unanimously elected by the Electoral College.

The second U.S. President, John Adams, served from 1797 to 1801. He was also the first vice president of the United States, and he was the first President to reside in the White House, moving in on November 1, 1800, while the White House was still under construction.

James Monroe (1817-1825) was the last of the Founding Fathers to be elected President. During his seventh State of the Union address, he outlined a foreign policy that warned European powers against further colonization of or meddling in the Western Hemisphere. This was later known as the Monroe Doctrine.

Andrew Jackson (1829-1837) was the only President to serve in both the American Revolution and the War of 1812. He is also the only President to have been a former prisoner of war: Jackson was 13 when became a courier during the Revolutionary War, and he was later captured by the British.

William Henry Harrison (1841) probably had only just finished unpacking his things at the White House when he died of pneumonia one month into his term. Harrison was the first U.S. President to die while in office, and he had the shortest tenure ever of any commander-in-chief.

John Tyler's term (1841-1845) saw several presidential firsts. He was the first vice president to succeed office after the President died, he was the first to lose his wife while in office, and he was the first to marry while in office.

Zachary Taylor (1849-1850), aka ""Old Rough and Ready,"" was a hero in the Mexican-American War. Mystery surrounds his actual cause of death from a stomach ailment. Did he just eat too many cherries, or was it murder? The 1991 exhumation of his body proved it wasn't arsenic poisoning at least.

Franklin Pierce (1853-1857) was the first President to not get his party's nomination for re-election. He signed the controversial Kansas-Nebraska Act, which allowed the people there to decide whether to allow slavery. This worsened the tension between the North and South.

Just four months into his term, James Garfield (1881) was shot by a disgruntled lawyer who'd aspired to join the administration as a diplomat. The President was taken to the Jersey Shore, where doctors hoped the ocean air would help him recover. He died two weeks later.

Woodrow Wilson (1913-1921) was awarded the 1919 Nobel Peace Prize for proposing and creating the League of Nations. But he was never able to convince the United States to join. Although he was first opposed to a federal amendment allowing women to vote, Wilson shifted his position during his second term and the 19th Amendment was ratified in 1920.

Herbert Hoover (1929-1933) was inaugurated on the year of the stock market crash that sent the country into the Great Depression. Although Hoover pushed for money to be appropriated for large-scale projects, he opposed federal relief payments directly to individuals. The national economy never recovered during his term, and the shantytowns that developed were nicknamed ""Hoovervilles.""

Franklin D. Roosevelt (1933-1945) was the only President elected to the office four times. During his 12 years as President, he championed numerous social programs and measures, including the creation of the Tennessee Valley Authority, the Civilian Conservation Corps and Social Security. Roosevelt contracted polio at age 39 and never recovered the use of his legs.

John F. Kennedy (1961-1963) was the first Roman Catholic President. He was assassinated in his first term, which was marked by the signing of the Nuclear Test-Ban Treaty, the creation of the Peace Corps, the disastrous Bay of Pigs invasion, and the beginning of military involvement in Vietnam.

Jimmy Carter (1977-1981) brokered the 1978 Camp David Accords, the agreement that led to a peace treaty between Israel and Egypt. At home, Carter's presidency was plagued by inflation and unemployment, and he lost his bid for a second term amid the hostage crisis in Iran.

Ronald Reagan (1981-1989) was the only actor ever elected President, and his talent as a speaker earned him the moniker ""the great communicator."" An affable Republican who wooed many Roosevelt Democrats, the staunchly anti-communist Reagan is seen as having played a large part in the collapse of the Soviet Union.

George H.W. Bush (1989-1993) was a former CIA director and served two terms as vice president under Ronald Reagan. His approval rating at home soared after he led an international coalition to oust Iraq from Kuwait, and communism in Eastern Europe fell on his watch. But he lost his bid for re-election amid a sluggish economy and after reneging on a promise not to raise taxes.

Bill Clinton (1993-2001) ran on the slogan, ""It's the economy, stupid."" Plagued by various scandals -- including accusations of sexual impropriety -- he was the second president to be impeached. He was acquitted in 1999.

George W. Bush (2001-2009) is the son of former President George H.W. Bush. His presidency was largely defined by his response to the 9/11 terrorist attacks. In 2003, he ordered the invasion of Iraq on suspicion that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction.

Barack Obama (2009-2017) became the first African-American to hold the office of President. He took the oath of office amid the Great Recession, the biggest economic challenge since the Great Depression. Under the Affordable Healthcare Act, millions of uninsured Americans have gotten health insurance.",1
500,OPEC sees oil prices exploding to $200 a barrel,"Right now the oil market is totally focused on finding a bottom for oil prices. However, according to OPEC's Secretary-General Abdulla al-Badri we've already hit bottom. Not only that, but he sees a real possibility that oil prices could explode higher to upwards of $200 per barrel in the future. He's far from the only one that sees a return of triple-digit oil prices.

According to the Secretary-General, speaking in London on Jan. 26, the oil market doesn't need to look for oil prices to bottom as the market has already bottomed. Instead, he offered quite bullish comments by saying, ""Now the prices are around $45-$55, and I think maybe they [have] reached the bottom and we [will] see some rebound very soon."" Now, normally that type of remark would be just another layer of noise, but this is coming from OPEC's Secretary-General so it comes with a lot of weight behind it.

That said, he's not saying that OPEC will come in and rescue the oil market by reversing its previous decision to hold steady on production. Instead, he sees the signs that the oil market is self-correcting as oil companies have made deep cuts to spending, which will eventually lead to lower production growth. Further, the rig count in the U.S. is plunging, which is usually a key to a bottom in oil prices. However, in the midst of cutting back as the industry works through the current oversupply the Secretary-General is now warning that the industry is putting future oil supplies at risk by under investing today.

The Secretary-General said that, ""if you don't invest in oil and gas, you will see more than $200"" when it comes to future oil prices. While he didn't give a timeframe, he did note the correlation between investment and future production. This is because oil production naturally declines and oil companies need to invest in new production to not only replace this decline in production from legacy oil fields but to add new production to meet growing demand. However, oil companies are reluctant to invest in new production as their cash flows decline.

Over time this could become a problem as oil fields around the world naturally decline by an average of about 5% per year. In order to overcome this decline oil companies need to develop about 200 billion barrels of oil supplies over the next decade and a half just to meet demand.

These supplies will require the industry to invest $7-$10 trillion. However, with the big capital budget reductions oil companies have announced this year it could make it harder for the industry to meet future supply needs. In fact, the industry might defer up to $150 billion oil projects this year due to the collapse in crude prices. Many of these investments, however, wouldn't have yielded actual production for a couple of years due to the long lead time of major projects.

As an example, Chevron delivered first oil on two of its Gulf of Mexico projects late last year after beginning construction on the fields in 2011. Meanwhile, another $6 billion project it just sanctioned at the end of last year won't produce any oil until 2018. It's these long lead time projects that are being delayed, which is setting the world up for higher oil prices in the future as an under investment today has the potential to lead to a constriction in future supplies.

OPEC's Secretary-General is calling the bottom in oil prices. While he's not the first to call a bottom, he does lead the organization that currently controls the oil market so his comments do have a lot of weight. Further, he's also suggesting that the cuts that oil companies are making could have a dramatic impact on future oil prices as the under investment has the potential to cause oil prices to rocket higher if demand grows faster than future supplies. That, however, would all be part of OPEC's plan as it purposely pushed for lower oil prices now so it could control market share once oil prices surged in the future. It's willing to endure short-term pain for the potential of a big long-term gain.

The Motley Fool is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news, analysis and commentary designed to help people take control of their financial lives. Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY.",1
2497,"United States v. Texas, the biggest immigration case in a century, explained","When it takes up the question of whether President Obama's 2014 immigration executive actions were constitutional, the Supreme Court will throw out its typical playbook.

United States v. Texas is one of the most — if not the most — important cases before the highest court this term. It's certainly the most important immigration case the Supreme Court has taken up in a generation (or, arguably, a century). And the Court is treating it accordingly.

On Monday, instead of splitting up 60 minutes of oral arguments between the two sides of the case, as usually happens, the Court will convene for 90 minutes — and bring in more parties to argue their case.

Texas and the 25 other states suing will get 30 minutes. The federal government will get 35. But the Supreme Court has also given 10 minutes to a lawyer representing a group of immigrant women who'd benefit from Obama's executive actions. And that's not all — 15 minutes will go to the US House of Representatives (thanks to the Republican House majority), which has jumped in to support the states.

The unusually complicated oral argument process reflects just how messy this case is. It's a case covering surprisingly narrow-sounding legal questions, but its outcome carries broad implications for the relationship between Congress and the president, and the relationship between the federal government and the states. Oh, yeah — and it's a presidential election year, and both immigration and the Court itself have become election issues.

All this makes it something of a nightmare scenario for Chief Justice John Roberts, who tends to be more anxious than the typical Supreme Court justice to present the Court's opinions as drawn purely from law rather than politics.

As the justices hear oral arguments and consider the case before issuing an opinion (which they're expected to do in late June, at the end of the term), Roberts and the other justices will have to work through legal questions that are both less contentious and more abstract than the broader immigration debate makes them seem.

Then they'll have to figure out if there's any way they can cobble together a five-vote majority for a lasting opinion — or if the eight-person Court will deadlock, putting the most important case of the Court's term in limbo and creating the opportunity for chaos.

In November 2014, President Obama issued a series of memos declaring executive actions on immigration. Two of those are at issue in this case.

One memo expanded the existing Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, or DACA, which since 2012 had allowed immigrants who'd come to the US as children to apply for temporary protection from deportation and work permits.

The other one added a new deferred action program — the Deferred Action for Parents of Americans program — which would have allowed millions of unauthorized immigrants who have US citizen or permanent resident children to apply for deportation protection and work permits as well.

The two 2014 actions are usually referred to as DAPA/DACA+. Since the states won in the lower courts, both of them have been put on hold since the first ruling was issued in February 2015. The original DACA program from 2012, however, is still in place and isn't being challenged in this suit. (To prevent confusion, I'll just refer to DAPA instead of DAPA/DACA+ when talking about the 2014 actions.)

Federal immigration enforcement has totally transformed over the past 20 years. More people are eligible for deportation than ever before. The growth of the unauthorized population pre–Great Recession meant there were more people to deport. After 9/11, the government got vastly more money and resources for deportation. And deportations escalated accordingly — from 183,000 in 1999 to a high of 400,000 during the first several years of the Obama administration.

President Obama has spent most of his time in office trying to impose some sort of control on all of this — to make sure the government is choosing who's most important to deport, rather than arbitrarily deporting anyone Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents get their hands on. His first attempts — setting high and low ""priorities"" for deportation and telling immigration agents to follow them — were something both sides in the current court case agree he could do but that rank-and-file immigration agents frequently ignored in favor of their own judgment.

So in 2012, President Obama created the first deferred action program, DACA — allowing people to proactively apply for protection from deportation, rather than simply hoping that ICE followed the memo not to deport them. It's been solidly effective. After comprehensive immigration reform stalled in Congress in 2013, pressure grew on Obama to use the tool that had worked — deferred action — to protect other groups of low-priority immigrants, and he did just that with DAPA and expanded DACA in 2014.

DAPA was supposed to be the program that ensured Obama's legacy on immigration, turning him from the ""deporter in chief"" of his first term to a man who brought immigrants out of the shadows. If the Supreme Court lets the program go forward, that legacy is assured. If it strikes DAPA down, Obama's legacy — and immigrants' attitude toward the Democratic Party — will be an ambivalent and disappointing one.

United States v. Texas is political in its origins. That doesn't at all mean that the states that sued the Obama administration are wrong on the merits — it's just an acknowledgment of the circumstances around the case's genesis shortly after Obama announced the executive actions.

There wasn't a serious legal challenge to the original DACA program in 2012, even though many of the criticisms of DAPA in this case would have applied to DACA as well. But in June 2012 the country was in the middle of a general election campaign, and the Republican nominee was trying to run toward the center and appeal to Latinos. In November 2014, on the other hand, the relatively unpopular President Obama was responding to an electoral defeat in the midterm elections — including the loss of the Senate — with executive actions on an issue that mobilized the GOP base.

The states on each side of the case have lined up along partisan lines. The Texas suit involves 23 states — all but three of them under unified Republican control — as well as four Republican governors (three of whom have Democratic attorneys general who wouldn't let the state officially join the case) and one Republican attorney general. The states that have filed briefs supporting the Obama administration, meanwhile, represent about two-thirds of the states with Democratic attorneys general.

Texas is leading the coalition of states bringing the lawsuit for two reasons. One, it's offered the most persuasive case for how DAPA could actually hurt the state (more on that later). Two, it houses the Southern District of Texas, which was the court the states chose to file their case in, presumably because they knew they'd have a good chance there. (The administration and its allies have implied that this is unfair, but it happens all the time.)

They chose wisely. In February 2015 — just a few days before the government was scheduled to start accepting applications for expanded DACA — Judge Andrew Hanen issued an injunction, preventing the government from moving ahead with the program on the logic that the states were ""likely"" to prevail on some of their claims. The Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals upheld the injunction. And in January, the Supreme Court agreed to hear the case.

As the case has made its way through the courts, it's gotten much broader. Initially, the injunction was based on a narrow claim that the Obama administration hadn't used the right procedure in instituting DAPA. The Fifth Circuit ruled that DAPA was also (or at least, was likely to be) illegal on the merits. And now the Supreme Court has added a constitutional question: whether DAPA violates the ""take care"" clause of the Constitution.

While this is theoretically still a ruling on the injunction, the Supreme Court is dealing with the merits of the case — ensuring that if a majority of the Court's eight justices side with the Obama administration, or with the states, the case is finished (and DAPA is alive, or dead) for the duration of Obama's time in office.

The stakes have risen accordingly. The House of Representatives asked, and was granted, the chance to argue that DAPA violates laws that Congress has passed — something that isn't totally unheard of at the Supreme Court level but certainly raises the political temperature of the case.

And on the federal government's side, the argument on behalf of the ""Jane Doe"" immigrant women — not to mention the likely presence of many potential DAPA beneficiaries in the Supreme Court during the oral arguments — will inevitably remind the justices that this is a question of the balance and separation of powers, and about immigrants themselves.

Because immigration is such a divisive culture war issue — and because phrases like ""enforce the law"" get tossed around frequently as talking points — it sure seems like this case should be a massive legal dispute over what should happen to unauthorized immigrants in the US. But it's not. There are four questions at play in the case, and all of them are, given the importance of the case, relatively narrow.

1) Is it even legal for Texas to sue the federal government to stop the DAPA program?

The states' case, in one sentence: It costs the state government money to give subsidized driver's licenses to DAPA recipients who now qualify for them.

The federal government's case, in one sentence: If that were all it took for a state to sue the federal government over a policy it didn't like, the courts would be clogged forever.

The first question the Court has to address whether Texas and the other states had ""standing"" — whether they are legally able to bring the lawsuit at all. In order to show standing, Texas has to show that implementing DAPA causes some direct harm to the state.

Even if the substance of Texas's legal argument against DAPA is correct, if it can't show that it had standing the whole suit gets dismissed — allowing DAPA to go into effect after all. (This route would give the Supreme Court some appealing options, as we'll get to in a bit.)

The Republican governors and state attorneys general on Texas's side of the case clearly think that allowing unauthorized immigrants to remain in their states is harmful for all sorts of reasons. But as is often the case with Supreme Court cases — and is definitely the case with this one — the actual argument being put forward in the courtroom is a lot narrower than the argument over whether unauthorized immigrants are good or bad for America that's happening around the case.

So far, courts have found that the states have standing for a single reason: Texas driver's license costs. Under Texas law, people who get deferred action are eligible for driver's licenses — and because fees only partially cover the cost of producing a license, the state government covers the rest of the cost. DAPA would make hundreds of thousands of Texans eligible to apply for driver's licenses for the first time, which would cost the state money.

The Supreme Court now has to decide whether that's enough of a reason to allow Texas (and the other states) to sue the federal government over the entire policy.

The federal government argues it's not President Obama's fault that Texas law would allow DAPA recipients to get driver's licenses. Furthermore, supporters of the federal government's side in this case argue there's a slippery slope: Allow the states to sue the government over a policy they don't like, as long as they can show that it costs the state something (even if that cost is recouped), and the courts will be clogged with lawsuits left and right.

They're hoping that possibility will scare Chief Justice Roberts (who dissented in a previous case about states suing the federal government, Massachusetts v. EPA) into protecting the Supreme Court's legacy by remaining above the dispute.

2) Is DAPA a substantive new regulation — which the Obama administration didn't follow the proper procedure for?

The federal government's argument, in one sentence: Nope, it's just a general ""statement of policy,"" and we do those all the time.

The states' argument, in one sentence: It sets pretty hard-and-fast standards for who qualifies for deferred action and work authorization; that seems pretty rule-like.

This question also seems pretty narrow — it's a challenge about whether the Obama administration did DAPA the right way, instead of whether it was the right thing to do. So it might not get a lot of the Supreme Court's attention. But this was actually the basis for the original ruling freezing DAPA, issued in February 2015 by Judge Hanen of the Fifth Circuit.

Under the Administrative Procedures Act, the government can't just issue new regulatory ""rules""; it has to propose them and then allow a certain period for public response. (Hence the term ""notice and comment,"" which comes up a bunch when people are discussing this aspect of the Supreme Court case.)

The Obama administration didn't do this with DAPA. It argues it didn't have to, because it wasn't a real rule, just a general guideline. The states disagree.

At root, this is a disagreement about how the deferred action programs actually work: whether immigration agents actually have the leeway to reject applications for any reason (policy-like) or whether the Obama administration has dictated that anyone who meets the standards should get protection (rule-like).

And because DAPA hasn't gone into effect yet, this is really an argument about how the original DACA program is working — even though the existing deferred action program isn't being challenged in this case.

3) Is DAPA within the president's authority, or does it encroach on parts of immigration law where Congress has already set down the rules?

The federal government's argument, in one sentence: DAPA is just a way to tell immigrants they're not being deported — something that both sides agree is legal.

The states' argument, in one sentence: DAPA goes beyond that, by bestowing ""lawful presence"" and work permits on immigrants Congress didn't want to grant either one to.

Legally, this is the biggest question about DAPA: Does it violate US law by going beyond what the president is allowed to do on immigration? But again, the disagreement between the two sides in the actual court case is a lot narrower than you'd think (given the general heatedness of the immigration debate).

US immigration law gives the president a lot of latitude to make policy decisions — more than he gets in a lot of other areas. So the states in this case agree that President Obama (and the rest of the executive branch) have the latitude to choose whom to deport and whom not to deport. The states even say it would be okay if the Obama administration issued cards to people who were ""low priorities"" for deportation indicating that they were low priorities.

But they say DAPA goes beyond what the president is allowed to do, and crosses into areas where Congress has set firm rules on immigration, in two ways. It allows deferred action recipients to apply for work permits, which the states argue violates Congress's intent not to allow unauthorized immigrants to work legally in the US. And, they say, DAPA deems people to be ""lawfully present"" in the US even though Congress has said it's illegal for them to be here.

The phrase ""lawful presence"" is probably going to be thrown around a lot at Monday's oral arguments — it's become increasingly central to the states' argument. The federal government argues that the states are simply getting confused. ""Lawful presence"" isn't the same thing as ""lawful status"" in immigration law — it doesn't grant anyone the right to be in the US. (The federal government has started arguing that it's really more like ""tolerated presence."")

3) Is Obama abandoning his constitutional obligation to ""take care"" to enforce Congress's laws by implementing DAPA?

The federal government's argument, in one sentence: Nope.

The states' argument, in one sentence: Yep.

This question wasn't even considered in the lower courts — the Supreme Court added it to the case on its own. It centers on the Constitution's ""take care"" clause: ""He shall take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed.""

There isn't a lot of Supreme Court jurisprudence on what this phrase actually charges the president to do, so it's interesting that the Court felt it was particularly appropriate here — though it's entirely possible that the justice interested in this was Antonin Scalia and the surviving justices don't have any interest.

The answer to the ""take care"" question depends on whether DAPA violates US law to begin with. If the federal government is right, and DAPA is within the president's legal authority, then he's not abandoning his duty to execute the laws by implementing it. If the states are right, and DAPA is illegal, then Obama might be violating the ""take care"" clause in implementing it — but the program would be struck down in any event.

For people who believe that President Obama is legally obligated to deport unauthorized immigrants under all circumstances, the idea that he's violating the constitution by not ""taking care"" to enforce immigration laws has some appeal. But again, neither side is actually arguing that in court.

There are dozens of hypothetical possible answers the Court could reach to any of the four questions above. But in terms of the case's practical outcome, there are essentially four options.

Furthermore — and this is where things get really messy — the absence of a Supreme Court opinion could allow another circuit court to hear a case on DAPA and rule that it could go forward. How such a lawsuit would proceed is unclear; maybe some of the states that sided with the Obama administration could find standing. But it would create a situation in which DAPA was legal in some parts of the country and illegal in others.

It's entirely possible that the Supreme Court would go out of its way to avoid that level of chaos. That's why some analysts think the most likely outcome is this:

If the Court sides with the states, nothing changes — programs that currently aren't in effect won't go into effect. But if the Court sides with the administration, an estimated 4.5 million immigrants who are currently vulnerable to deportation will get three years of protection and the ability to work in the US legally.

The effects this could have on the lives of those immigrants (and their families) could be huge.

The evidence from DACA, which has protected about 700,000 immigrants for the past three and a half years, is promising. Three-quarters of DACA recipients had been able to get better-paying jobs, 30 percent had gone back to school, and 59 percent said they could help support their families. There's evidence that DACA helps keep immigrants integrated into American life — instead of losing interest in school or career because they feel their immigration status holds them back.

If the Supreme Court reinstates DAPA at the end of June, the Obama administration will only have seven months left in office to process applications — and many of the community groups that would have been able to help people get those applications will be busy mobilizing for the election.

Furthermore, the election might discourage some immigrants from wanting to sign up to begin with — if they're worried that Donald Trump will be president come 2017, they'll be much less inclined to turn over their personal information to the government.

DAPA is an Obama administration initiative. There's nothing stopping the next president from ending the program and rescinding its protections, even if the Supreme Court upholds it this year. Ted Cruz and Donald Trump have already promised to do just that in their first few days in office.

That doesn't mean that the immigrants who have gotten deferred action so far would necessarily get deported. In fact, that's the bigger decision that President Cruz or Trump would have to make: what to do with a database of hundreds of thousands of immigrants who are unauthorized but who by definition are well-educated, speak English, or at least have kids who are US citizens.

A President Trump might start his mass deportation campaign by targeting the immigrants he can most easily locate: former deferred action recipients.

Some pundits have argued that this means the real immigration fight is what happens in November, rather than what happens in the courts this spring. Insofar as the next president will choose whether to end deferred action, that's true. But the Supreme Court decision could definitely shape what options a president has to expand it, as both Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders have promised to do.

Sanders has explicitly said that he'd protect some 8 or 9 million people using deferred action; Clinton has said she wouldn't deport immigrants who hadn't committed crimes, but hasn't explained how she'd protect them.

If the Supreme Court strikes down DAPA — or upholds it, but articulates a limiting principle that clarifies that this is the most a president can do — both of those plans will be a lot harder to implement, but a Democratic president would be under even more pressure to find a way to protect immigrants. That could create trouble.

Conservatives siding with the states in United States v. Texas argue that if Obama wins this case, there's no limit to who could be protected from deportation. They make a persuasive case.

The Obama administration argues that while DAPA was legal, it wouldn't have been legal to give deferred action to even more immigrants — say, parents of DACA recipients. But their reasoning on this point is fairly weak (and it doesn't help that both candidates for their own party's presidential nomination are promising to do just that).

This lack of ""limiting principle"" gives conservatives a lot of pause. A president could do whatever he likes on a whole host of issues — say, refuse to enforce any environmental regulations, or even declare a tax cut by executive fiat. (Vox's Andrew Prokop lays out some of the options.)

Hypotheticals like these raise some valid concerns about the use of prosecutorial discretion generally. But these are issues with existing law, and it's not clear that a ruling for the feds in this case would make them any worse.

Many legal scholars believe that immigration law simply gives the president more discretion than other areas of law. So a ruling for Obama in this case wouldn't necessarily create a precedent for other issues.

If the president has historically had a lot of leeway to set immigration policy, though, a ruling for the states would effectively constrain that power.

The states in this case aren't asking the Supreme Court to issue a broad ruling. But that doesn't stop the Court from doing so if it wants. And if the Court finds that it's illegal for the president to allow a large group of immigrants to apply for work permits, that definitely calls the original DACA program into question — and raises questions for other uses of executive power on immigrations as well. (An extremely broad ruling against the president could even dictate that the executive branch can't declare immigrants ""low priorities"" for deportation, though that's extremely unlikely.)

But even a relatively narrow ruling for the states would have implications for other issues where the president didn't have as much leeway to begin with.

It's possible to imagine a Supreme Court ruling against Obama whose argument implicitly called into question other things he's done, from delaying the employer mandate to modifying key provisions of No Child Left Behind (not to mention the original DACA program). It wouldn't automatically strike down any of these, but it could open the door to future court challenges.

What legal scholars who side with the administration are particularly concerned about, though, is what will happen if Texas and the other states are granted standing at all — even if the Court ultimately sides with Obama. They argue that this would essentially invite states to sue the federal government over any policy they don't like, and then hunt down some way the policy harms them. (In an amicus brief, for example, law professor Walter Dellinger argues that states could start suing the IRS over which organizations are exempt from federal taxes.)

To a certain extent, this is what the states are doing anyway — no state has ever sued the federal government for doing something the state likes. But the Supreme Court has long tried to avoid becoming a way for states to challenge federal policy willy-nilly. That's the sort of politics it tends to want to stay out of.

Then again, the lesson of United States v. Texas may very well be that even if politics stop at the Supreme Court door, the cases that come in — and what happens to decisions that come out — are political from start to finish.",1
2837,The Middle East’s sick state,"Will the Middle East be as unstable 10 years from now as it is today? I posed that question this week to a class of students at Harvard University’s Kennedy School of Government. About half answered yes — that things will be as bad or worse, no matter what the United States does.

These graduate students sense what many Middle East experts are beginning to vocalize: The region is caught in a turbulent vortex of change that’s likely to continue for many years, perhaps decades. The drivers are political, social, economic and demographic forces over which the United States and other outside powers have little control. For the next generation, instability may be the rule in the Middle East, rather than the exception.

Predictions about the future based on current trends are always risky because analysts can’t foresee the unexpected “black swan” events that produce radical change. Nobody could have anticipated that a Tunisian fruit vendor’s self-immolation in 2010 would begin a cascade of revolution and civil war in the Middle East. Similarly, we can’t forecast the process that may eventually restore balance.

Economic and demographic data show a region already stressed by slow growth and high youth unemployment. These problems are compounded by refugee flows from wars in Iraq, Syria, Yemen and Libya — and worsened by falling oil prices that hinder Saudi Arabia’s ability to provide a buffer.

The International Monetary Fund’s latest World Economic Outlook, released this month, presents a grim picture. Unemployment will top 13 percent in Egypt and Tunisia this year and reach nearly 12 percent in Algeria. Economies aren’t growing fast enough to provide enough jobs for young people: Growth this year is expected to be 1.3 percent in Iraq, 2.5 percent in Lebanon, 2.6 percent in Algeria, 3.8 percent in Jordan and 4 percent in Egypt.

Saudi Arabia’s growth forecast has been slashed more than 1.5 points to 3 percent this year and is projected to decline further next year because of oil prices. The Saudis are waging a bloody air war in Yemen, apparently convinced that threats to their security are external. But the more intractable problems may be internal, with the Saudi budget falling into what the IMF warns will be “substantial deficit” this year and next.

“Tepid” growth and falling oil exports mean larger trade and budget deficits, predicts the IMF. The region will suffer a cumulative current-account deficit of 1.9 percent of gross domestic product this year; even the oil-exporting countries will run a deficit of 1 percent. “Deepening conflicts and security disruptions in a number of oil-exporting countries could further undermine economic activity, delay reforms and dampen confidence,” warns the IMF.

The Middle East’s body politic, enfeebled by these disorders, has been ravaged by sectarian and civil wars. The International Rescue Committee estimated this month that 11.4 million Syrians, or about half the population, have fled their homes. The Syrian disaster has affected the whole region. To take just one example, poverty has more than doubled in Iraqi Kurdistan, according to a recent World Bank report.

As weak governance structures have buckled across the Middle East, extremist groups have become more powerful. The most potent is the Islamic State, which exploded out of the remnants of al-Qaeda in Iraq. But many other groups across the region are fusing popular rage with sectarian and tribal bases of support. Even if the Islamic State, also known as ISIS, can be “degraded” in Iraq and Syria over the next three years, as President Obama hopes, the underlying disorder in the region could spawn ISIS 2.0, or even 3.0.

Observing the devastation in the Middle East is a bit like watching a hurricane pummel a vulnerable coastline. Outsiders can try to mitigate the destruction and provide humanitarian relief. They must also try to protect themselves from collateral damage. But they can’t stop the raging winds and surging tides from leveling fragile structures. As disaster-management experts have learned, a big storm has to blow itself out before rebuilding can begin.

Graham Allison, who heads the Belfer Center here, argues that the U.S. government should be careful about trying to fix problems in the Middle East until it understands them better. He contrasts the deadly Ebola virus with the ideological contagion of the Islamic State. We know what causes Ebola and how to stop it, Allison wrote recently in Time magazine, but there is no such clarity about how the Islamic State toxin spreads or how it can be cured.

What we do know is that this extremist virus has taken root in a body that is already severely weakened and showing no signs of recovering soon.

Read more from David Ignatius’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.",1
3870,White House Monitoring Iran Aid Ship to Yemen,"An Iranian ship purportedly carrying aid to Yemen should change course and head to Djibouti where the United Nations is overseeing humanitarian deliveries, US officials demanded Tuesday.

The US military is tracking the ship after Tehran reportedly said it would send warships to escort the vessel to Yemen, Pentagon spokesman Colonel Steven Warren told reporters.

The ship, the Iran Shahed, had moved through the Strait of Hormuz and was now in the Gulf of Oman, according to the marinetraffic.com site. But the vessel was not under any naval escort at the moment, Warren said.

""We are monitoring the Iranian ship,"" he said. ""We are aware of the Iranians' statement that they plan to escort this ship with warships.""

The state Iranian IRNA news agency earlier quoted a naval commander, Rear Admiral Hossein Azad, saying naval forces would be ""safeguarding"" the vessel.

Iran's Red Crescent had said last week that it would send a ship carrying 2,500 tons of humanitarian aid to Yemen, where Tehran-backed Huthi rebels are fighting pro-government forces supported by a Saudi-led coalition.

""The Iranians have stated that this is humanitarian aid,"" Warren said.

""If that is the case, then we certainly encourage the Iranians to deliver that humanitarian aid to the United Nations humanitarian aid distribution hub, which has been established in Djibouti.""

""This will allow the aid to be rapidly and efficiently distributed to those in Yemen who require it,"" he added.

When asked if the US military would try to search the ship or prevent it from docking in Yemen, Warren declined to comment.

The warnings from Washington raised the possibility of a potential confrontation at sea after tensions flared in recent days in the Strait of Hormuz.

The US Navy bolstered its presence in the Gulf after Iran seized a Marshall Islands-flagged vessel in the vital waterway.

Iranian authorities later released the ship, citing a commercial dispute with Denmark's Maersk group, which chartered the vessel.

""If the Iranians are planning some sort of stunt in the region, they know as well as we do that it would be unhelpful and in fact could potentially threaten the ceasefire (in Yemen) that has been so painstakingly brought about,"" Warren said.

""We call on the Iranians to do the right thing here and deliver their humanitarian aid in accordance with UN protocols which is through the distribution hub that's been established in Djibouti,"" he added.",1
868,Why Trump is still likely to fall 52 delegates short of nomination,"There’s nothing quite like playing in front of the hometown crowd to get your mojo back. And that’s exactly what Donald Trump did in the New York primary Tuesday, winning 61 of 62 counties and all but one congressional district en route to scooping up 90 delegates.

In the end, Trump’s resounding victory may have been as vital to the tone of the race coverage as it was to his actual path to the Republican nomination. After a month of taking on water thanks to staff shake-ups, organizing failures and a big loss in Wisconsin, The Donald trounced his rivals in the media capital of the world.

But it’s probably not enough as he tries to secure the 1,237 delegates he needs to clinch the nomination before reaching the GOP convention in Cleveland. The most likely scenario will have Trump getting about 1,185 delegates. Here’s why.

New York marks a crucial geographic segue in the race, as the calendar turns away from the Ted Cruz-friendly interior and into Trump’s mid-Atlantic wheelhouse. With 156 bound delegates at stake next Tuesday, the test for Cruz and John Kasich will be how many they can pick off.

You can start by penciling in 39 delegates for Trump as the likely statewide winner in Delaware, Pennsylvania and Maryland. Exceeding the 50 percent mark in Connecticut would mean another 13 delegates who would otherwise be split among the field.

And Trump can expect to win about half of Rhode Island’s 19 proportionally allotted delegates. The rest will be awarded to the respective winners of each congressional district.

The best delegate-poaching opportunity for Kasich comes in the affluent Maryland suburbs of Washington, DC, where polls show Trump dead last behind Cruz. Winning three or four districts between the Beltway and the Connecticut Gold Coast would be a big success. The best news for Trump opponents is that the single biggest trove of delegates will be the 54 unbound Pennsylvanians elected independently of candidate affiliation or obligation. While many have pledged to support the winner of the state or their district, all would be in play in Cleveland, a wrinkle that complicates Trump’s path.

Trump would be wise to maximize his April opportunities. Other than New Jersey on June 7, there are no more gimmes, and few opportunities to reap a disproportionate share of delegates even from those states Trump might win. The Mountain West has been inhospitable terrain. The Pacific Northwest states split their delegates proportionally. And even West Virginia, in the heart of Trump’s Appalachian sweet spot, has a delegate system so complicated that he may come away shortchanged.

The bellwether to watch will be Indiana. The criminally under-polled state holds promise both for Trump (open primary, blue-collar sensibilities) and his opponents (affluent Indianapolis suburbs for Kasich, grassroots conservatives and evangelicals for Cruz), and awards 30 at-large delegates to the statewide winner. If Cruz can reprise the Midwestern magic that carried him in Wisconsin, he can stop the Trump offensive in its tracks. Short of that, he and Kasich must peel away as many congressional districts as possible to prevent Trump from heading into June needing only a glorified chip shot to clinch.

In the end, the race will come down to California and its massive cache of 172 delegates in what will amount to 53 unpredictable mini-primaries across disparate terrain. Ninety delegates will be awarded in districts where President Obama received 60 percent or more of the vote. Two-thirds of those will be decided in seats where Mitt Romney won 30 percent or less, including eight bona fide “rotten boroughs” where he couldn’t even crack 20 percent.

Trump can hardly expect a New York-style romp here, meaning he needs at least 1,100 delegates coming in.

Cruz’s argument at an open convention will be stronger if he can claim more than 800 delegates while keeping the deficit to a minimum. The California endgame will hinge on what happens in Indiana. If Cruz can battle through the coming adversity for a Hoosier State victory, the odds are we’re headed to Cleveland.

Bottom line: Even if Trump wins Indiana and staves off Kasich in the ’burbs, he’d probably end up just shy of what he needs — perhaps as close as 1,230 delegates. But it’s more likely that Indiana proves tougher for him and leaves him closer to 1,185 delegates — putting all eyes on Cleveland.",1
1115,"Trump, Sanders trade blame over Chicago protests","CHICAGO —Donald Trump, the GOP presidential front-runner, on Saturday first blamed ""thugs"" for his decision to cancel a rally in Chicago over alleged security concerns and then said supporters of his Democratic rivals caused disruptions there.

""It is (Hillary) Clinton and (Bernie) Sanders people who disrupted my rally in Chicago - and then they say I must talk to my people,"" Trump tweeted. ""Phony politicians!""

""Obviously, while I appreciate that we had supporters at Trump’s rally in Chicago, our campaign did not organize the protests,"" the Vermont senator said in a statement. “What caused the violence at Trump’s rally is a campaign whose words and actions have encouraged it on the part of his supporters.""

The Chicago Police Department said on that four men and a woman were arrested at the rally after brief scuffles broke out at the event at the University of Illinois at Chicago Pavilion. Four of the individuals were still in police custody on Saturday morning but had not yet been charged, said Officer Jose Estrada, a department spokesman. One individual was given an ordinance citation and released.

However, CBS News said its reporter, Sopan Deb, was detained by law enforcement while covering the scene.

Another man, activist William Calloway, said he was arrested and charged with misdemeanor criminal trespassing. Calloway said police told him they arrested him because he failed to immediately exit the arena after the rally was canceled and guests were ordered to exit. The police department, however, said he was not among the five they had taken into custody. Calloway said that he was arrested by UIC campus police.

Calloway played a prominent role in the court-ordered release of a police video of a white officer fatally shooting a black teenager, which triggered months of protests in the city. Calloway said he believes that his role in the McDonald case may have factored into police detaining him. He said police released him about three hours after taking him into custody.

""They knew who I was,"" Calloway said in a phone interview Saturday.

Anthony Guglielmi, a police department spokesman, said the Trump campaign did not consult the police department before canceling. ""The decision was made by the campaign on its own,"" Guglielmi said.

Trump held a rally in the Dayton suburb of Vandalia Saturday afternoon and planned an event in Cleveland ahead of primary voting in Ohio on Tuesday. Trump denied some media reports that a rally in Cincinnati on Sunday had been canceled.

On Twitter, Trump blamed the protesters for Friday's canceled rally. ""The organized group of people, many of them thugs, who shut down our First Amendment rights in Chicago, have totally energized America!"" he said on Twitter.

At the Dayton rally, Trump said some of the people taunting and harassing his supporters in Chicago ""represented Bernie, our communist friend.""

""With Bernie, he should really get up and say to his people, 'stop, stop.' Not me,"" Trump said.

Chaos ensued after organizers announced at 6:30 p.m. that Trump, who never arrived at the pavilion, had scrubbed the event. Some protesters rushed the arena floor in celebration, many shouting, ""Bernie, Bernie"" and ""We stopped Trump!""

Police ejected at least a half dozen anti-Trump demonstrators, including one man who got onto the stage and approached the podium.

Joe Fritz, 20, who came to hear Trump speak, said a woman punched him outside the arena after the rally was canceled.

He said the woman, who was with a girl about 10 years old, landed a glancing blow to his chin after he questioned her for yelling epithets toward police and about Trump. ""I told her, 'What kind of example are you setting?'"" Fritz said.

Fritz said he and his friend were then surrounded by other anti-Trump protesters who screamed at them before police pulled them out of the crowd.

Still, the pushing and shoving was brief, and some protesters said security concerns were overstated.

""(Trump) felt us tonight and felt our power tonight,"" said Angelica Salazar, 30, of West Chicago, Ill. Salazar, who went to speak out against Trump's anti-immigrant rhetoric, said she did not feel unsafe.

Matthew Ross, a Chicago activist, said suggestions from Trump that protesters presented a security risk don't hold up.

""Have you seen what his supporters have incited at their rallies?"" asked Ross, who said a Trump supporter threw water on him after it was announced that the rally was canceled. ""I think what [Trump] is doing is inciting violence.""

Afterward, Trump spoke by phone with several news networks and described many anti-Trump protesters, including those at previous rallies, as violent. ""I just don't want people hurt,"" he told MSNBC.

Trump has been criticized about violent comments he and his supporters have made on the campaign trail. When attendees at an event in November kicked a Black Lives Matter activist, Trump said, ""Maybe he should have been roughed up.""

Another supporter, John McGraw, sucker-punched a protester at a rally Wednesday in North Carolina. McGraw later told Inside Edition that ""we might have to kill him"" next time the protester shows up.

Trump insisted that anti-Trump protesters were instigating incidents at his events. “I certainly don’t incite violence,"" he said.

“If a protester is swinging a fist at a man or a group of men, and if they end up going back,"" he said, ""I’m not looking to do him any favors.""

Trump's rivals for the GOP nomination quickly weighed in on the uproar.

Sen. Marco Rubio, speaking Saturday in Florida, blamed the rhetoric of the front-runner for the violence, and the media for ignoring his ""offensive"" statements for too long.

""This is what happen when a leading presidential candidate goes around feeding into a narrative of anger and bitterness and frustration,"" Rubio said.

Sen. Ted Cruz, Trump's closest rival in the race, noted that ""in any campaign, responsibility starts at the top.""

""When the candidate urges supporters to engage in physical violence, to punch people in the face, the predictable consequence of that is that it escalates,"" Cruz told reporters in Illinois. ""Today is unlikely to be the last such incidence.""

""Some let their opposition to his views slip beyond protest into violence, but we can never let that happen,"" the Ohio governor said in a statement.

Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton said the ""divisive rhetoric"" of the Trump campaign should be of ""grave concern.""

""We all have our differences, and we know many people across the country feel angry,"" Clinton said in a statement. ""We need to address that anger together.""",1
449,Gas prices could drop toward $1 a gallon,"In some gas stations around the country, the price of a gallon of regular has dropped below $1.42. AAA and GasBuddy, two organizations that follow gasoline prices, say that gasoline prices below $2 will not be unusual in most of the United States. As oil prices fall, and refinery capacity stays strong, the price of gas could reach $1 a gallon in some areas, a level last reached in 1999. As a matter of fact, the entire states of Alabama, Arkansas, Missouri, Oklahoma and South Caroline have gas prices that average at or below $1.75.

Gasoline prices are driven mostly by four factors: oil prices, proximity to refineries, refinery capacity and state taxes and levies. Oil prices have dropped below $33 a barrel and continue to collapse. The recent decision by Saudi Arabia to continue to keep its oil exports high essentially has dissolved the OPEC cartel. The decision also has forced the kingdom to chop its 2016 budget. This ongoing supply glut guarantees oversupply of crude. At the same time, slowing national economies in the largest countries, including China, will lower demand. China now tops the list of oil importers, according to the Financial Times, having moved ahead of the United States.

The cost of producing oil from shale deposits, particularly in the United States, is greater in some cases than what it can be sold for. Nonetheless, parts of this industry continue pumping, increasing supply, while others go bankrupt because they cannot survive with crude prices so low.

Several states house large refineries or are close to those that do. This is particularly the case near the Gulf of Mexico, including the massive refinery operations south of Houston. Some owned by Exxon Mobil Corp. (NYSE: XOM) process several hundreds of thousands of barrels per day. Proximity to refineries is a factor in gasoline prices, if the refineries are running at or near capacity and produce gasoline instead of other petroleum products.

Finally, gas taxes in several states are well below the national average of $0.4869 a gallon, according to the American Petroleum Institute. In some low gas price states, these taxes are below $0.40. This includes South Carolina at $0.3515, Missouri at $0.3570 and Oklahoma at $0.3540. Low gas taxes in these states compound the effect of falling oil prices.

The odds grow each day that gas prices will be $1 a gallon in some areas in the United States, particularly those where prices are already close to hitting $1.40 — and falling.

24/7 Wall St. is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news and commentary. Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY.",1
2768,"The Saber Rattling Between Saudis, Iran Just Got More Ominous","JERUSALEM, Israel  An unknown group in Iran posted an animated film on the Internet simulating a missile attack on Saudi Arabia, including an attack on their main oil fields.

While it's unclear who made the video, it highlights the growing animosity between these two Middle East giants.

The animation simulates an Iranian rocket attack using missiles fired from Yemen. The attack is designed to cripple Saudi Arabia on multiple fronts.

The video states it's a ""response to the hallucinations and empty threats of the Saud clan"" and that ""the arm of vengeance of the Islamic world will emerge from the sleeve of the Yemenis.""

The video reveals the GPS coordinates of Saudi Arabia's main oil facility at the Ghawar Oil Field and then shows the missiles destroying the Saudi Aramco facility and setting the area on fire.

It also simulates attacks on Saudi Arabia's capital, Riyadh, which it calls the Freemason Tower. Then it shows missiles striking the Saudis' main air base and crippling its anti-missile system.

The rivalry between Sunni Saudi Arabia and Shiite Iran intensified when the Saudis executed a top Shiite cleric. Iran followed by allowing protesters to ransack the Saudi Arabian Embassy in Tehran, prompting Saudi Arabia to cut diplomatic relations.

Pakistan then weighed in on the side of the Saudis, saying they would wipe Iran off the map if it threatened the territorial integrity of Saudi Arabia.

The concern for many in the region is that the rivalry between the two Middle East titans will go from a war of words to a war on the battlefield.",1
3855,Poll: Obama popularity on the upswing,"President Barack Obama's popularity with the public is on the upswing, according to a new Gallup poll that found him enjoying his strongest approval rating in nearly two years.

That breaks down predictably along party lines, with 90% of Democrats viewing him favorably while only 13% of Republicans say the same. The overall boost in popularity seems to be driven in part by a steady improvement in his standing with independents — he's now seen favorably by 52% of independents, up 6 percentage points since April and 17 percentage points since last fall.

That's when Obama was suffering from the lowest popularity his tenure, with only 37% of Americans viewing him favorably last fall.

But the 53% of Americans that view him favorably don't all approve of his job performance, which typically lags a few points behind a president's personal popularity. Gallup's daily tracking poll found him still underwater with voters in terms of his job performance, with 43% approving while 51% disapprove of the job he's doing in office.

Still, that, too marks a favorable upswing from last fall, when Obama was also facing some of the lowest approval ratings of his time in office. Gallup surveyed 1,024 adults from May 6-10 via landline and cell phone, and the poll has a margin of error of 4%.",1
1318,Rachel Maddow made them fight: She’s the reason for the tense Hillary/Bernie fireworks,"It was, finally, the moment Democrats have been waiting for: Former Secretary Hillary Clinton and Senator Bernie Sanders facing off one-on-one, unencumbered by extraneous candidates and audience questions. Last night’s MSNBC debate crackled with heat, as the two candidates stood very close to each other on stage and made their case to the watching public, answering questions from moderators Rachel Maddow and Chuck Todd. It led to both candidates becoming their most provocative—Clinton was forceful and dismissive, while Sanders was stern and evasive. The first hour exacerbated the tension between them, as both candidates seemed to entrench in their worldviews, no matter how unpopular. The two bickered over the definition of the word “progressive”—it comes from the word “progress,” did you know?—and of who, exactly, is part of the “establishment.” As I observed yesterday, during the CNN Democratic Town Hall, both Sanders and Clinton were attempting to finesse compromises (or the semblance thereof) between polar opposites, the rhetorical equivalent of walking the plank. But debates are about differentiation, and primaries are about being choosy, so here we stood, watching mom and dad argue after dinner as if the whole state of the free world depended on it.

Things got kind of intense. They dug into each other’s differences, trying to make sound untrue what is patently obvious to the outside observer: Sanders is a stubborn college professor, obsessively dedicated to principle; Clinton is a bureaucrat’s bureaucrat, doggedly focused on process. And frankly, neither candidate is served by a debate. This isn’t an election where adulation for a candidate’s ideology swept the other nominees, à la then-Senator Barack Obama in 2008. This is an election between two pragmatic, prickly politicians, two grandparents who have been in public service for decades. Debates make them fighters. And while this head-to-head match-up was long overdue, the first segment of the debate was honestly exhausting to watch, especially after the introspection of the informal town hall. Perhaps the Democratic party is just a little too bleeding-heart to revel in the bloodsport of two strong liberal politicians trying to take each other down, but it certainly seemed that every attack made from one candidate to the other looked mostly bad for that candidate; when Clinton railed against Sanders for his “artful smear” of her politics, she was booed, and when Sanders dismissed Clinton as a shill of the establishment, he dismissed for the obvious fact that a woman candidate for president is a revolution in and of itself.

Process and principle sparred again and again, and moderators Maddow and Todd did well to let the two speak while also finding incisive, specific questions to address to each. It’s difficult for any moderator to hold a candle to Rachel Maddow, but especially when grilling both liberal candidates, she dazzled. She directed a question to Sanders that struck to the heart of the practical difficulties of his platform—asking him how he planned to work with the corporations that advanced progressive agendas, those corporations that had to be dealt with to pass the Affordable Healthcare Act, for example. She asked Clinton for the chance to see the transcripts of those Goldman Sachs speeches. Maddow asked Sanders how he really intended to win the presidency as, essentially, a third-party candidate. And she asked Clinton to justify how she still considered herself a viable candidate, multiple scandals into her career. If Sanders and Clinton were bickering, last night, over the custody of the American people, Maddow was the impish child playing them against each other; indeed, the night’s most heated exchanges came as a result of her pointed questioning.

Which might be why about halfway through the debate, the tension of night noticeably defused. Maybe Sanders and Clinton wised up to Maddow’s game; maybe it was too late in the day, and too late in the campaign trail, to waste so much energy on being angry on television. Of course Clinton’s farther right than Sanders; come the general election, she’s going to be trying to appear moderate. Of course Sanders’ policies will be a bit harder to enact than Clinton’s; he is, in his own words, literally instigating a revolution. The segment on foreign policy allowed the candidates to take a breather; Clinton immediately was more confident, going over her area of expertise, and diverted from his primary issue of capitalism, Sanders was a bit of a wallflower, allowing for some breathing room in the discussion. By the time Todd and Maddow returned to discussing the scandals of the campaign, both candidates seemed like they’d gotten the sparring out of their system. A question about Clinton’s emails elicited a steadfastly neutral response from Sanders: “There’s not a day that goes by when I am not asked to attack her on that issue, and I have refrained from doing that and I will continue to refrain from doing that.” And when Maddow asked Clinton if she wanted 30 seconds to discuss an allegedly misleading advertisement from the Sanders campaign, Clinton just stared a bit, with an exasperation she deployed well at the Benghazi hearings, and then simply responded, “No.” It was a very parental “no.” Final, but with some warmth attached. And it indicated a deep respect for either the other candidate or for the optics of cooperation, which often are exactly the same. I think that Sanders and Clinton have real issues with each other, but I also think that neither Sanders nor Clinton really want to fight with each other, and at the end of the day, despite the whiz-bang of the zingers, neither do we. Beyond the artificial dichotomy of the debate, Sanders and Clinton are all we’ve got—two viable candidates against a stack of wildcards that are still funded and still in the race over on the other team. Of course, calling them Mom and Dad is reductive and gender-essentialist; I am being a little facetious. But there’s a certain degree of unearned faith I’m pinning on both that is the same desperate confidence we all invest in our parents, when we need to believe them when they say that they will keep us safe from danger. And it’s not just me that feels it. As is the habit of kids everywhere, Todd rushed into the awkward camaraderie between the candidates with a too-soon, too-intimate question. Secretary Clinton, you’ve made it clear when you look at Senator Sanders, you do not see a president, but do you see … do you see a vice president? [Clinton laughs.] Would you unite the party by trying to pick Senator Sanders as your running mate? There’s no better evidence of the Democratic Party’s desperate desire for a united front against the looming specter of loony Republicans than this question, the political equivalent of politely asking mom and dad if they will get back together. The debate was revealing, but the questions were even more so; arguments about how to arrange the deck chairs gave way to the realization that the Titanic is sinking. Sanders quipped, “On our worst days, I think it is fair to say we are 100 times better than any Republican candidate.” The crowd cheered. And after closing statements, when Maddow and Todd said goodbye to the candidates, Maddow made sure to hug each.",1
972,Past cases suggest Hillary won’t be indicted,"""One should not insist on nailing [Trump] into positions that he had taken in the campaign,"" he said.",1
109,"U.S. Split Along Racial Lines on Backlash Against Police, Poll Finds","Americans are bracing for a summer of racial disturbances around the country, such as those that have wracked Baltimore, with African Americans and whites deeply divided about why the urban violence has occurred, a new Wall Street Journal/NBC News poll has found.

A resounding 96% of adults surveyed said it was likely there would be additional racial disturbances this summer, a signal that Americans believe Baltimore’s recent problems aren’t a local phenomenon but instead are symptomatic of broader national problems.",1
2691,The media unload on Donald Trump,"With Trump's call for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States, several of the nation's most esteemed journalists and influential news outlets have set aside traditional notions of balance and given themselves license to label the Republican front-runner a liar, a demagogue, a racist and worse.

Tom Brokaw, the veteran NBC News anchor, has called Trump's proposal ""dangerous,"" and likened it to the Holocaust and the Japanese internment. On its front page, The New York Times has said Trump's idea is ""more typically associated with hate groups."" Dan Balz, of The Washington Post, has called Trump's rhetoric ""demagogic,"" while BuzzFeed editor-in-chief Ben Smith has informed staff that it is acceptable to refer to Trump on social media as a ""mendacious racist,"" because, he said, those are facts.

Several others have said Trump's proposal poses a national security threat. ""This is not small ball, actually. This matters,"" Richard Engel, the NBC News chief foreign correspondent, said Monday. ""It is...a black spot on our collective foreign policy and our conscience. And it also just feeds into the ISIS narrative.""

The willingness to use such language and draw such analogies represents a watershed moment in the media's coverage of the 2016 presidential campaign, several journalists and political observers told CNN. For the first time in six months, news organizations are abandoning concerns about impartiality and evenhandedness and stating what they believe are objective truths about the Republican's most popular presidential candidate.

""What Trump is doing is wildly outside American traditions and values, and that's what we're covering and responding to and I think you see that across major media outlets,"" Smith told CNN. ""I've never seen a candidate base his campaign on vilifying a minority group. So it would be misleading to characterize it any other way.""

But the new media backlash also comes six months into a campaign that has been characterized by Trump's derogatory statements -- about Mexican immigrants, African-Americans and others -- since the day it began. That has left many observers feeling like the media's newfound confidence is late in coming.

""As his comments have become more extreme, the mainstream media has been more willing to describe him -- accurately in my view -- as a demagogue, a national security threat, and a racist. But frankly, his racism and demagoguery were apparent from his first speech announcing his candidacy back on June 16,"" said Ryan Lizza, The New Yorker's Washington correspondent and CNN political analyst.

To be sure, many journalists have been characterizing Trump's campaign in these terms for some time. In August, Lizza compared Trump to the ""far-right parties"" in Europe, and said that he was ""running a candidacy that is based on resentment of non-white people.""

But for the most part, journalists stopped short of calling Trump demagogic or racist, despite the fact that he has often relied on false information about minorities to appeal to popular prejudices. At his campaign launch, Trump called Mexican immigrants criminals, drug dealers and ""rapists."" In November, Trump tweeted out inaccurate homicide statistics suggesting that blacks were responsible for 81 percent of white homicides. FBI statistics for 2014 put the actual number below 15 percent.

If this were racism and demagoguery, the mainstream media was not quick to identify it as such. That may have been due, at least in part, to the unique nature of Trump's campaign. For a long time, many journalists didn't take the former reality television star seriously. When he became the front-runner, despite his incendiary remarks, many were simply confounded by his ability to flout the conventional rules of American politics.

""I think the media has struggled to cover the dark side of the Trump phenomenon because political reporters do not have experience covering a major political figure who is both openly racist and -- let's be honest -- an extremely entertaining politician,"" Lizza said.

Trump's call for ""a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States"" changed all that.

""The media began by covering Trump as a sideshow, then grew more aggressive in challenging him on his 'facts', and now is more actively commenting on the character of his campaign,"" said David Axelrod, the chief strategist on Barack Obama's presidential campaigns and CNN senior political commentator.

The new phase of Trump-media relations has ushered in an unusual moment in American politics, said media experts.

Frank Sesno, director of the School of Media and Public Affairs at George Washington University and a former CNN Washington bureau chief, said journalism ""has moved into the 'have you no shame' mode. There are thresholds and several have been crossed and that blows up so-called objective reporting. There are times when he-said she-said isn't enough.""

Kelly McBride, the vice president for Academic Programs at The Poynter Institute, stressed that while some of the terms were appropriate, it was important for journalists to put Trump's remarks in context.

""Rather than just calling him racist, there's more journalistic value in pointing out why it's racist,"" she said. ""So I like it when I see newsrooms making historical analogies. I like the editorials pointing out that he's dangerous and why.""

The question now is, what impact will the media backlash have, if any?

Trump has proven time and time again that incendiary remarks only bolster his support. Moreover, his supporters harbor little respect for the American media, and often give the candidate a standing ovation when he calls the media ""scum.""

Frank Rich, the New York Magazine columnist, said the media's disdain would only ""enhance his support from his fans.""

Rich Lowry, the editor of National Review, agreed. ""Media disdain is a badge of honor for Trump and his supporters,"" he said. ""So this latest bout of criticism from the press won't hurt him.""

""Perhaps the only way the media could dent Trump would be to have him on TV less often and become less obsessed with him--but that's not going to happen,"" Lowry added. ""Bottom line: Another Republican candidate is going to have to outmaneuver Trump or just flat-out beat him. It's that simple.""",1
4397,Popular Health Exchange In Jeopardy After Surprise Republican Win,"More than 500,000 people have gotten health insurance in Kentucky through the state's health care exchange, Kynect, and through expanded Medicaid. Kentucky has seen the second-steepest drop in uninsured of any state.

Supporters of the health care law point to it as one of the success stories, but the man who very well could become the state's next governor is vowing to ""dismantle"" Kynect and cancel the Medicaid expansion.

""We will have a very spirited discussion as it relates to health care in our state. Trust me on that,"" vowed Republican Matt Bevin, the surprising apparent winner of the contentious GOP gubernatorial primary. The Tea Party-backed Bevin finished just 83 votes ahead of James Comer, the state's agriculture commissioner, out of more than 200,000 votes.

""Obamacare's been very good to the state,"" said Al Cross, director of the Institute for Rural Journalism and Community Issues at the University of Kentucky.

But President Obama is very unpopular in the state and anything associated with him is, too. Kentuckians and Bevin are stressing the ""first three syllables instead of the last one"" in Obamacare, Cross said.

It is the latest example of the problems Obama's signature legislation has faced at the state level, where most governors and legislatures are in Republican hands. The Affordable Care Act, often called ""Obamacare,"" can be viewed very differently based on the name.

In 2013, Hart Research and Public Opinion Strategies, the bipartisan pollsters who conduct the NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll, tested that in 2013 for CNBC. The poll asked separately about feelings toward ""Obamacare"" and the ""Affordable Care Act."" There was almost a 10-point difference in how much more negatively people felt toward ""Obamacare,"" and almost three times as many did not know the ""Affordable Care Act.""

It was similar when the question was asked specifically in Kentucky about feelings toward ""Kynect"" and ""the new health care law."" An NBC News/Marist poll in May 2014 found by a 29 percent to 22 percent margin that Kentuckians had a favorable opinion of their state health care exchange. But 57 percent had an unfavorable view of ""Obamacare,"" while just 1 in 3 had a positive one.

In Kentucky, the governor has the power to unilaterally create or disband programs like Kynect, Cross said. Incumbent Democratic Gov. Steve Beshear chose to both set up a state exchange and expand Medicare. But he is term-limited.

Bevin, a venture capitalist who lost badly in a Senate primary last year to Mitch McConnell, would face off with Democrat Jack Conway. Conway, the state attorney general, starts as a slight favorite, but Kentucky is a conservative state, and Conway struggled in his 2010 Senate bid against Republican Rand Paul.

Bevin made getting rid of Kynect and the Medicaid expansion central to his campaign. He is also vowing to implement right-to-work laws and shrink government, in part, through attrition of public sector workers.

""I think it, too, is destined to crumble under the weight of its own instability,"" Bevin said of Kynect when he announced his long-shot bid for governor.

Bevin wound up breaking through in the primary, in large measure, by pitting the two front-runners against each other. He did it with this memorable ad, depicting Comer and Hal Heiner, a former Louisville city councilman, as children at a backyard table throwing food at each other:

""Hal Heiner and James Comer are acting like children, throwing insults and attacking each other,"" an announcer says as pasta splatters across the lens. ""Kentucky can do much better."" The ad pivots, labeling Bevin as ""grown-up leadership for Kentucky.""

But now it will be Bevin's policies that come under sharper scrutiny. He argues the state cannot afford the Medicaid expansion, which was the biggest reason for the drop in the uninsured. Federal funds currently pay for it, but that money will eventually go away.

""The fact that we have 1 out of 4 people in this state on Medicaid is unsustainable; it's unaffordable,"" Bevin said during the campaign, ""and we need to create jobs in this state, not more government programs to cover people.""

But Medicaid expansion is different than Kynect, which has been held up as one of the best-functioning state exchanges in the country.

""He won't get away with it,"" Cross maintained of Bevin's promise to get rid of Kynect. ""He'll have to get serious about it at some point and stop conflating Kynect and the Medicaid expansion.""",1
2052,Hillary’s No Slam Dunk in 2016,"Could Hillary Clinton be the next Richard Nixon? Now that’s a provocative question, but it isn’t quite what you think.

The other day, I watched Hillary and Bill Clinton take in their close friend Terry McAuliffe’s inauguration as governor of Virginia. Neither Clinton spoke, but their presence said it all: Virginia, the Mother of Presidents long before it was a modern swing state, will be seeing a lot of the Clintons—and now they have a ready-made home-away-from-home in the gubernatorial mansion that adorns Richmond’s Capitol Square.

Every time you observe the Clintons, you can’t help but ponder the long and winding road of their 40-year electoral saga, beginning with Bill’s unsuccessful 1974 run for Congress in Arkansas. Their lives are so suffused with politics that it seems incredible to consider that Hillary might not run in 2016.

After all, with just one exception, a Clinton has always tried for public office whenever a tantalizing opportunity presented itself. The rule-breaker was Bill’s aborted run for president in the 1988 cycle. On the eve of his expected candidacy announcement in July 1987, with the national press gathering in Little Rock, his long-suffering chief of staff, Betsey Wright, she later told PBS, huddled with her boss and presented a list of women he was alleged to have been “seeing.” After a number of responses along the lines of “she’ll never talk,” Clinton belatedly awakened to the reality that he could self-destruct in the post-Gary Hart world—Hart had been forced out of the Democrats’ presidency sweepstakes just a couple of months earlier following allegations of adultery. The next day, Clinton declined to run, stunning the news media with the unconvincing excuse that he had decided to spend more time with his family.

Nearly three decades later, Hillary needs no cover story should she surprise us and spurn another White House tour. Now in her mid 60s, she knows as much as any human being alive what an arduous journey lies ahead even for a heavily favored contender. Inevitably, she will consider how much she wants, or is able, to keep going at a killer pace throughout her 70s and, more important, her chances of prevailing in November 2016.

Much of it is out of her hands. Low job approval numbers for President Obama, should they persist, will make it difficult for any Democrat to win, even with the party’s seeming Electoral College edge and growing demographic advantages among minorities and the young. Just ask John McCain how President George W. Bush’s unpopularity affected his 2008 White House bid. (Of course, you can’t rule out the very real chance that the Republicans will rescue the eventual Democratic nominee by putting forward an out-of-the-mainstream nominee.)

The Clintons are nothing if not shrewd, and they’ve lived through the entire era of postwar American politics. So Hillary Clinton would be the last to believe what I have heard with increasing frequency: that, in the end, no one of real heft, even Vice President Joe Biden, will challenge her for the Democratic nomination she nearly won in 2008, and she will steamroll over the minor contenders who do. Most frequently mentioned in the “minor” category are former Gov. Brian Schweitzer of Montana and Gov. Martin O’Malley of Maryland. (O’Malley also made a little-noticed appearance at the McAuliffe inauguration.) Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts would be a major opponent should she run, but she insists she will not. When California Gov. Jerry Brown also bowed out, NBC News’s First Read called it “a reminder that Hillary Clinton will probably face little to no serious competition if she runs.”

Possible? Sure. But history’s guide tells us otherwise. A consensus choice for a major-party presidential nomination is exceedingly rare—and this is where the Nixon comparison comes in.

Incumbent presidents often find their second-term nominations nearly unopposed, though even in this rarefied group, there are notable exceptions: Harry Truman, Lyndon Johnson, Jimmy Carter and George H.W. Bush. (Truman and Johnson withdrew in 1952 and 1968, respectively, partly because of intra-party opposition.)

But when no incumbent was running, the only precedent for a consensus choice in the entire post-World War II era is Richard Nixon in 1960. This impressive feat was nonetheless achieved with some difficulty and embarrassment. Nixon thought he had averted a serious GOP challenge when New York Gov. Nelson Rockefeller withdrew as a potential candidate in December 1959. But Nixon’s unappealing persona and substantial baggage from the political wars of the 1940s and 1950s worried many Republicans eager for a third consecutive White House victory. Rockefeller sensed it and reconsidered, toying with a surprise candidacy on the eve of the 1960 Republican National Convention. At the last instant, Rocky relented, mollified by the so-called “Treaty of Fifth Avenue,” a series of concessions by Nixon negotiated in an all-night session and announced by the New York governor himself.",1
605,Senate GOP leaving tea party primary battles behind,The move would make it easier for the Trump administration to demolish the exchanges.,1
819,Anti-Trump delegates now responsible for nominating him,"The death threats were starting to get to Constantin Querard. They had been streaming in from Donald Trump supporters, who wanted to know why Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) had won delegates at Arizona’s convention even though Trump had won the state. After the deluge, finally, a nice-seeming message appeared on his Facebook page.

Querard, the Arizona political consultant who had managed Cruz’s delegate campaign, clicked to read the rest.

“I’m praying for you to get prostate cancer.”

Cruz’s delegates were girded for two more months of this, then a contested convention where they could force a second ballot and defeat Trump, making all the hate mail worth it.

Instead, hundreds of Republican activists have been elected as delegates to a convention expected to be a coronation of Trump. Delegates such as Querard, who outfoxed Trump supporters at state conventions, were now trapped on a speeding Trump Train. They were legally bound to stand up and nominate him. That might be the last time they vote for him.

“I’m a lifelong Republican and I love the party,” said Querard. “But don’t ask me how I’ll vote in November. I’ve been on the receiving end of enough death wishes where it’s pretty soon for me to strap on the jersey with any authenticity.”

There are unhappy delegates at every party convention, but the captive audience of Trump skeptics bound for Cleveland is unique. For months, supporters of Cruz and Ohio Gov. John Kasich worked to get their supporters elected as unbound delegates, or even as “Trojan horse” delegates bound to Trump on the first ballot but free to bolt if the contest continued.

[Trump turns to general election — and away from past positions]

For a few weeks, it seemed to be working. Kasich and Cruz both crowed about their ability to out-organize Trump’s forces, who in Cruz’s world were not “capable to run a lemonade stand.” As both men lost high-profile contests — Trump won all but two of them, in Utah and Wisconsin, after March 15 — Cruz took to counting up his state convention victories as proof that voters were rejecting Trump.

Yet Trump turned the wins against them, telling his mega-rallies that a “crooked deal” was stealing his delegates. Roger Stone, a Trump ally who had promised to publish the names and hotel rooms of “Trojan horse” delegates, was happy to see them fail.

“Many will not attend, leaving their seats to the alternates, who in most cases are Trump supporters,” Stone said. “I am not too concerned about their feelings.”

The people who had out-organized Trump were dazed by the backlash. “North Dakota did it how it was supposed to be done,” said Bette Grande, a hard-charging Cruz delegate who helped him dominate that state’s weekend convention. “The media didn’t like that because it was something they didn’t understand, so they bought into the lie of Trump that something unfair was going on.”

Grande, like almost all of the Cruz and Kasich delegates, intended to head to Cleveland anyway. In the days since the Indiana primary, delegates have occasionally sought instructions or solace from the Cruz and Kasich campaigns. There has been no instruction to stand down, and no hint that the results can be overturned.

“It is time for those who supported others in the Republican Party to come together and help Mr. Trump be the best candidate he can be,” said Jim Brainard, the mayor of Carmel, Ind., whose election as a pro-Kasich delegate turned out to be one of that campaign’s last coups. “It’s a big tent, and those of us who disagree with Trump will hopefully have an opportunity to sway his views.”

Some of the “Trojan horses” had only reluctantly backed Cruz or Kasich. Subba Kolla, a Realtor from Northern Virginia, had backed Sen. Marco Rubio (Fla.) in the state’s close primary, but allied with Cruz during the state convention. Cruz’s forces won a smashing victory, but Kolla was resigned to backing Trump.

“I’m not sad,” he said. “I am a party loyalist. I am representing my community, the Indian American community, and I don’t want to disappoint them. Most of our community supported Rubio. Now there’s only Trump. I don’t have any bad feelings about him.”

Several other delegates said that they would attend to keep Trump and the GOP honest. Virginia state Sen. Richard H. Black (Loudoun), a Cruz delegate, said he had actually preferred Trump’s “America first” policy to Cruz’s, but intended to go to Cleveland and defend the social conservative planks of the Republican platform.

Kay Godwin, a Georgia conservative who had become a Cruz delegate, felt the same way. “It wasn’t the Lord’s plan for Ted to win, but maybe that’ll be his plan next time,” she said. “The reason I became a Republican is because the platform is wonderful. It stands for everything that I stand for in my heart.”

Still, there were holdouts. Querard knew of one alternate who no longer wanted to spend the money to go to Cleveland. Russell Donley, a former speaker of the Wyoming House who had won one of Cruz’s slots, said the Trump victory made him inclined to stay home with his wife.

“If Trump’s short one vote, and there’s an opening for Cruz, okay, then I go,” Donley said. “But I’m an old Wyoming boy, and going to Cleveland in the summer doesn’t really enthuse me.”

Then there was Eric Brakey, a young state senator from Maine who had been part of a Cruz slate that triumphed so resoundingly that Gov. Paul LePage (R) denounced it. Four years earlier, Brakey had fought just as hard to become a delegate for former Texas congressman Ron Paul, only to watch the Republican National Committee overturn the state convention and replace some Paul delegates with Romney delegates. This year, Brakey was finally given a vote at the convention — and received yet another disappointment.

“Donald Trump isn’t who my conscience tells me to support,” Brakey said. “Then again, neither was Ted Cruz. I voted for Sen. Rand Paul (Ky.) at the caucuses, and when I ran for delegate I said I would reflect the will of the voters. Now I’m sort of jokingly telling people that I’ll cast my vote for Ron Paul — four years late.”",1
1883,Pro-Obama super PAC shifts focus to possible Clinton 2016 bid,"The country's biggest liberal super PAC, which helped re-elect President Obama last year, is shifting focus to support a possible Hillary Clinton White House bid in 2016.

A spokesman for Priorities USA Action, originally formed by ex-Obama advisers, confirmed to FoxNews.com that it is now raising money in support of Clinton.

There have been sporadic efforts by Democratic groups to encourage Clinton -- who has not yet revealed her 2016 plans -- to run, but this would mark one of the earliest and highest-profile efforts to date to raise money for someone who, at this point, is not a candidate.

To coincide with the shift in focus, the group has appointed new leaders, including ex-Obama campaign manager Jim Messina. The group also will be co-chaired by former Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm, who has called for Clinton to run in 2016.

""We couldn't be more proud and excited to be joined by Jim Messina and Governor Granholm, whose leadership and political acumen will be invaluable in our effort to elect a Democratic president in 2016,"" Priorities USA Action Executive Director Buffy Wicks said in a written statement.

The New York Times first reported the shift. According to the report, Priorities USA is seeking six-and-seven-figure donations to fuel pro-Clinton ads and more.

""I think the numbers clearly show that she's the strongest presidential candidate on the Democratic side,"" Messina told the Times. ""And Priorities is going to be there for her if she decides to run.""",1
3682,3 dead in Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood shooting,"Two civilians and one police officer died after a gunman opened fire at a Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood, leading to a five-hour standoff with law enforcement.

Nine other people, four civilians and five police officers, were taken to local hospitals with gunshot wounds and are in good condition, according to police.

The gunman is in police custody after surrendering just before 5 pm local time, police spokesperson Lt. Catherine Buckley told local reporters. The suspect has been identified as Robert Lewis Dear.

The University of Colorado police officer who was killed, Garrett Swasey, 44, was described by family and friends as a loving father of two young children and a devoted co-pastor at his local church.

The incident began at the Planned Parenthood Colorado Springs Westside Health Center just before noon Mountain Time. The gunman exchanged fire with police officers for hours before he was apprehended, and police worked to evacuate people still inside.

Police described the suspect as a stocky, bearded white male wearing a trench coat. He was reportedly armed with a ""long gun."" Reporters have tweeted photographs of the suspect allegedly being taken into custody.

The call to the police originated from the address of the Planned Parenthood clinic, although the motives of the shooter are still unclear.

""We're not sure what the connection is to Planned Parenthood, but that was the initial address we were given for the service,"" Buckley said.

The FBI warned of threats to reproductive health facilities this past September, in the wake of graphic sting videos that purported to show Planned Parenthood selling fetal body parts for profit. There have been at least four cases of arson perpetrated against Planned Parenthood clinics this year alone.

Planned Parenthood released the following statement on the shooting:

Colorado Springs is about one hour south of Denver. CBS News is running a live stream of the coverage, which you can watch here.",1
5190,Trump refuses to say whether he'll accept election results,"(CNN) Donald Trump on Wednesday refused to say he would accept the result of the presidential election if he loses to Hillary Clinton, raising the possibility of an extraordinary departure from principles that have underpinned American democracy for more than two centuries.

""I will look at it at the time,"" Trump said when asked during the final presidential debate whether he would concede if he loses on November 8, following his claims that the election is ""rigged"" against him.

He added: ""I will keep you in suspense.""

The comments at the Las Vegas showdown marked a stunning moment that has never been seen in the weeks before a modern presidential election. The stance threatens to cast doubt on one of the fundamental principles of American politics -- the peaceful, undisputed transfer of power from one president to a successor who is recognized as legitimate after winning an election.

The Republican nominee doubled down on his comments about the election Thursday during a rally in Delaware, Ohio, where he said he would accept the results ""if I win.""

Trump's debate performance could doom his chance to win over any remaining undecided voters at this late stage in the campaign. His comments about the election results came during a debate in which he spoke of ""hombres,"" language that could offend Latinos. And he referred to Clinton as a ""nasty woman.""

His campaign manager sought to blunt the election comments, appearing on CNN's ""New Day"" Thursday.

""What Donald Trump has said, over time, if you take all of his statements together, he has said that he will respect the results of the election,"" said Kellyanne Conway, although she argued what he's saying is not without precedent.

""Everybody, including Al Gore in 2000, waits to see what those election results are,"" she later added. That's a flawed comparison, however, since Gore's fate was in the hands of an automatic recount due to the narrow margin of George W. Bush's lead in Florida. Gore did not question the integrity of the election before Election Day.

The election remarks also expose a divide with Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence, who told CNN's Wolf Blitzer before the debate, ""We'll certainly accept the outcome of this election.""

Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, who is leading Trump in most polls, said her competitor's remarks were ""horrifying"" and accused him of taking refuge in the idea that any event that turns out against him -- even an Emmy award that goes to a rival -- is ""rigged.""

""That is not the way our democracy works,"" Clinton said. ""We've been around for 240 years. We have had free and fair elections. We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them. And that is what is expected of anyone standing on a debate stage during a general election.""

She continued: ""He is denigrating -- he's talking down -- our democracy. And I for one, am appalled that somebody who is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind of position.""

Trump's remark about the election result is certain to dominate the aftermath of the debate with only 19 days to go before the election, and it seemed likely to overshadow the GOP's nominee's strongest performance in any of the three presidential debates.

A CNN/ORC instant poll found 52% of debate watchers viewed Clinton as the winner compared to 39% who felt the same about Trump.

Trump didn't have much margin for error going into the debate. He's down eight points in the latest CNN Poll of Polls and is nearly out of time to launch what would have to be one of the most remarkable comebacks of modern times.

The showdown began in a more civil and calm way than the two previous debates, in which Trump and Clinton repeatedly flung sharp, bitter jabs at one another. He was far more disciplined for much of the debate, and did his best to avoid taking Clinton's bait, showing restraint as he and Clinton debated the Supreme Court, the Second Amendment, abortion and the economy.

The billionaire reality star-turned-politicians did a better job than in the first two debates of prosecuting Clinton's weaknesses, lambasting her over her record as secretary of state and the controversy over her private email server, and painting her as the symptom of a tired political establishment who had achieved nothing in her 30 years in public life.

But Trump seemed to lose his cool as the debate went on, harshly criticizing Clinton and occasionally getting testy with the debate moderator, Chris Wallace of Fox News. The debate began to take a turn when Trump and Clinton clashed over the Republican nominee's relationship with Russian President Vladimir Putin.

Clinton blasted Trump as a ""puppet"" of Putin and directly called on him to condemn what she said was a Russian effort to use cyberattacks to influence the election in her opponent's favor.

Trump replied that Putin had no respect for Clinton or President Barack Obama.

""That's because he would rather have a puppet as president of the United States,"" Clinton said, implying that Putin wanted Trump to win the election.

""No puppet. You are the puppet,"" Trump said.

Trump said he had never met Putin but allowed that the Russian leader had said nice things about him, and said it would be good if Washington and Moscow worked together to fight ISIS.

But he added: ""This is not my best friend.""

Clinton and Trump also bitterly sparred over the theme of who is qualified to be president. Wallace pressed Trump on why so many women had come forward to accuse him of sexual assault if the allegations were not true.

Trump said the claims had been ""largely debunked.""

""I think they want either fame or her campaign did it,"" Trump said, referring to the women that came forward after he said at the last debate that he had never been abusive to any women.

Clinton noted that Trump had implied at several rallies that he could not have made inappropriate advances toward the women because they were not sufficiently attractive.

Trump wrongly denied that he had ever made such a remark.

""Donald thinks belittling women makes him bigger. He goes after their dignity and their self worth,"" Clinton said.

Clinton said that Trump's treatment of women was part of pattern of behavior that saw him insult a disabled reporter, go after the parents of a fallen Muslim soldier and question the impartiality of an American judge of Mexican descent.

She said such tactics were in line with a divisive and very ""dangerous vision of our country.""

The tone of the debate -- unusually substantial at the start -- never recovered once the atmosphere became charged. As the event wound down, Clinton said that under her economic plan, the payroll taxes of both herself and Trump would go up to ensure the solvency of Social Security -- unless her rival could figure out a way to avoid paying taxes.",1
2139,Fiorina blames environmentalists for California drought,"The party looks to Kamala Harris, Catherine Cortez Masto, Tammy Duckworth and Maggie Hassan to help lead it out of the abyss.",1
2646,Guilty Verdict Returned In 'American Sniper' Murder Trial,"A Texas jury reached a guilty verdict in the murder trial of Eddie Ray Routh, the ex-Marine charged with killing former U.S. Navy SEAL Chris Kyle, author of the memoir American Sniper.

Routh was sentenced to life in prison without parole for shooting Kyle and his friend Chad Littlefield to death at a gun range near Fort Worth in 2013. Defense lawyers had argued that Routh suffers from paranoid schizophrenia; Routh had pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity.

Kyle's autobiography, published in 2012, spent months on The New York Times best-seller list and was adapted by director Clint Eastwood in the film American Sniper, in which Kyle is portrayed by Bradley Cooper.",1
1604,"As Marco Rubio rises, GOP rivals are reluctant to take him on directly","As Marco Rubio settles into his new role as a rising top-tier candidate, most of his opponents in the Republican presidential race are showing a reluctance and even an unwillingness to engage him directly on the national stage.

The spotlight on Rubio is intensifying in the media as journalists investigate the senator’s political record and background. But he otherwise is left facing relatively low hurdles for now, bypassing the kind of heated personal clashes that have shaped the 2016 nomination race.

For Rubio, it is a return to the lofty status he had after he burst onto the national scene five years ago. Many Republican elites are once again celebrating him as the party’s golden boy, if not its strongest general-election candidate, and fear seeing him bruised too badly during the primary season.

“He’s articulate, attractive and young. His rivals don’t want him to win, but no one wants to lose him,” said Vin Weber, a prominent Jeb Bush supporter. “Of course, politics is a rough-and-tumble sport, and he’ll need to take a few punches. But at the end of the day, this is a party that needs to find ways to appeal to Hispanic voters, and having him on our side is an asset.”

The other candidates have not figured out how to deal with what some are calling “the Marco moment,” hinting at critiques and possible anti-Rubio ads to come but hesitating to make Rubio their main target.

[Dan Balz: Ten months in, the GOP race has no obvious front-runner.]

Donald Trump has castigated Rubio on the stump and in Twitter messages as a “total lightweight” who is “weak” on immigration. But under the prime-time glare of Tuesday night’s Republican presidential debate, the outspoken mogul fell silent about the senator from Florida.

When Sen. Ted Cruz (Tex.) tried to draw a contrast, he did so only with a thickly veiled line about sugar subsidies, something few voters could connect to Rubio.

And although Bush’s campaign previewed a litany of possible attacks on Rubio, the former Florida governor didn’t say a word in Milwaukee about his onetime protege.

Bush sees Rubio as a direct competitor for the support of wealthy donors and party leaders. Bush’s campaign and its allied super PAC, Right to Rise, have signaled possible lines of attack: In a strategy presentation to donors a couple of weeks ago, the Bush campaign branded Rubio disparagingly as a “GOP Obama.”

In the candidates’ Oct. 28 debate, Bush lunged at Rubio over his spotty Senate voting record, even suggesting that he resign his seat. But the offensive backfired, and in the two weeks since, Bush has steered away from Rubio. The dilemma is further complicated by pressure from many of Bush’s Florida-based financial backers, who also like Rubio and want Bush to go easy on him.

Asked why Bush did not scrutinize Rubio during the Milwaukee exchange, campaign manager Danny Diaz said the debate “was a serious one where important issues were discussed,” and he urged reporters to stay tuned for the next debate on Dec. 15. “We look forward to catching up with all our good friends in Las Vegas,” Diaz said.

Bush’s surrogates indicated that more heat on Rubio would arrive in short order.

“It’s a long campaign,” Al Cardenas, a Florida-based Bush supporter who also is close to Rubio, told reporters in Milwaukee. “Everybody’s going to be scrutinized. Those who do well will get scrutinized more.”

GOP strategist Ari Fleischer put it more bluntly: “The candidates will chop each other up if they thought it would help them. Every one of those candidates think it should be them, and they can give you every reason why it shouldn’t be Rubio.”

[Fourth GOP debate is more about party fault lines than personal attacks.]

The mostly substantive nature of Tuesday’s debate, sponsored by Fox Business Network and the Wall Street Journal, did not invite many personal skirmishes. In one exception, Rand Paul went after Rubio for wanting to increase military spending. But in a tense exchange with the senator from Kentucky, Rubio responded by articulating a hawkish worldview and portrayed Paul as championing an “isolationist” foreign policy.

Trump described the debate’s atmosphere as lacking fireworks. “It was amazing, because the lights went on and you never know what’s going to happen — are you going to be attacked and do you go for the kill, right?” he said Wednesday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe.” “That was not really necessary.”

Trump’s campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, said the billionaire contender will continue to talk about his differences with Rubio, especially on immigration.

“People are going to keep looking at Rubio’s record,” Lewandowski said. “They’re going to ask themselves if they really want another first-term senator as president, someone who may not have the right experience. Those concerns aren’t going away.”

Rubio’s advisers presented the lack of engagement Tuesday night as a sign of Rubio’s strength.

“The phrase where I come from is ‘There’s no education in the second kick of the mule,’ ” Terry Sullivan, Rubio’s campaign manager, told reporters. “I kind of feel like folks figured out that taking on Marco isn’t such a great idea. . . . I don’t think anybody’s really itching to take on Marco on the debate stage.”

Perhaps the best encapsulation of Rubio’s good fortune came when moderator Maria Bartiromo asked him how his résumé stacks up against Democrat Hillary Rodham Clinton’s decades of service. Rubio could not help but grin. It was the softest of softballs — an opening for the 44-year-old senator to cast himself as the candidate of the future.

Eric Fehrnstrom, who was an adviser to 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney, said Rubio “has a gift of the golden tongue.”

But he added: “I don’t think any candidate on that stage thinks that they’re somehow immune from political attacks. Rubio’s biggest vulnerability is immigration. While he did not address that at length [in Tuesday’s debate], I would expect when the attacks go up on TV that immigration will be in the mix.”

Supporters of rival campaigns voiced surprise that Rubio was not drawn into the immigration discussion, considering his leadership in 2013 on the Senate’s “Gang of Eight” pushing for comprehensive immigration reform. Rubio has since disavowed the legislation and has hardened his immigration positions overall.

“There should be more scrutiny of Rubio, no doubt about it,” said Bob Smith, a former senator from New Hampshire who is backing Cruz. “It’s almost as if the media is ignoring his immigration record, or at least not giving it much coverage. Conservatives up here, however, are well aware of it, and my sense is that they’ll continue to vet Rubio on their own.”

Dan Pfeiffer, a former senior adviser to President Obama, said other Republican candidates may be afraid of tangling with Rubio in a debate.

“Rubio is skilled at delivering a scripted, rehearsed counterpunch, and they had to know he would be prepared,” Pfeiffer said. He added that Cruz seems to be “patiently waiting for his moment to make this attack. Cruz wants to see the whites of Rubio’s eyes before he fires his biggest guns.”

Indeed, Cruz has been laying the foundation for the contrast he hopes to make with Rubio if the nominating contest narrows to the two of them, as some pundits predict. In debate after debate, Cruz has positioned himself as a hard-line opponent of amnesty, and more generally as a conservative purist.

In his immigration comments Tuesday night, Cruz did not single out Rubio. But his advisers did with reporters afterward.

The freshman Texan “will draw contrasts on issues,” Cruz spokesman Rick Tyler said. “Senator Rubio was for the Gang of Eight. Senator Cruz wasn’t. Right now, we’re just beginning that, and we’ve got three months till Iowa.”

Jose A. DelReal in Washington contributed to this report.",1
1424,Trump Will Skip GOP Debate As Feud With Fox News Boils Over,"Trump Will Skip GOP Debate As Feud With Fox News Boils Over

This post was updated Wednesday at 8:45 a.m. ET

The stage is set for Thursday's Fox News Channel final debate ahead of the Iowa caucuses — but front-runner Donald Trump won't be there.

After teasing earlier Tuesday evening that he ""probably won't bother"" with the debate, Trump's campaign confirmed he won't participate, citing unfair treatment from the network:

As someone who wrote one of the best-selling business books of all time, The Art of the Deal, who has built an incredible company, including some of the most valuable and iconic assets in the world, and as someone who has a personal net worth of many billions of dollars, Mr. Trump knows a bad deal when he sees one. FOX News is making tens of millions of dollars on debates, and setting ratings records (the highest in history), where as in previous years they were low-rated afterthoughts. 

 

 Unlike the very stupid, highly incompetent people running our country into the ground, Mr. Trump knows when to walk away. Roger Ailes and FOX News think they can toy with him, but Mr. Trump doesn't play games. There have already been six debates, and according to all online debate polls including Drudge, Slate, Time Magazine, and many others, Mr. Trump has won all of them, in particular the last one. Whereas he has always been a job creator and not a debater, he nevertheless truly enjoys the debating process - and it has been very good for him, both in polls and popularity.

Trump's objections stem from last year's first GOP presidential debate, when anchor and moderator Megyn Kelly pressed him about his derogatory comments about women. Trump was outraged, and later said on CNN that Kelly had ""blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her wherever"" with her angry questioning.

On Tuesday evening, Trump doubled down when speaking to reporters in Iowa, dismissing Kelly as a ""third-rate reporter"" who is ""frankly not good at what she does.""

Fox News hasn't backed down on picking Kelly again as one of its moderators, alongside Bret Baier and Chris Wallace. And earlier Tuesday, the network slammed Trump for trying to bully it into changing the moderators.

""We learned from a secret back channel that the Ayatollah and Putin both intend to treat Donald Trump unfairly when they meet with him if he becomes president — a nefarious source tells us that Trump has his own secret plan to replace the cabinet with his Twitter followers to see if he should even go to those meetings,"" a Fox News spokesman said in a statement.

That tongue-in-cheek statement seemed to push Trump to follow through on his threat to not participate in the debate.

In lieu of attending the debate, Trump's campaign said he would ""instead host an event in Iowa to raise money for the Veterans and Wounded Warriors, who have been treated so horribly by our all talk, no action politicians. Like running for office as an extremely successful person, this takes guts and it is the kind mentality our country needs in order to Make America Great Again.""

Fox News shot back in a statement late Tuesday evening, saying it was the Trump campaign who had threatened Kelly.

""We're not sure how Iowans are going to feel about him walking away from them at the last minute, but it should be clear to the American public by now that this is rooted in one thing – Megyn Kelly, whom he has viciously attacked since August and has now spent four days demanding be removed from the debate stage,"" a Fox News spokesperson said. ""Capitulating to politicians' ultimatums about a debate moderator violates all journalistic standards, as do threats, including the one leveled by Trump's campaign manager Corey Lewandowski toward Megyn Kelly. In a call on Saturday with a Fox News executive, Lewandowski stated that Megyn had a 'rough couple of days after that last debate' and he 'would hate to have her go through that again.' Lewandowski was warned not to level any more threats, but he continued to do so. We can't give in to terrorizations toward any of our employees. Trump is still welcome at Thursday night's debate and will be treated fairly, just as he has been during his 132 appearances on FOX News & FOX Business, but he can't dictate the moderators or the questions.""

Earlier in the day, Trump posted an Instagram video, calling Kelly ""biased."" On Twitter, he asked followers to vote on whether he should debate.

His absence would change the balance of the debate and give his rivals free shots to attack Trump.

With Trump off the stage for the 9 p.m. ET debate, that means it's Texas Sen. Ted Cruz who will be center stage, followed by Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, neurosurgeon Ben Carson, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, Ohio Gov. John Kasich and Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul, who was kept off the main stage at the last debate.

At 7 p.m. ET, the earlier undercard debate will feature former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina, former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee, former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum and former Virginia Gov. Jim Gilmore — who hasn't been on a debate stage since August.

Cruz issued his own debate challenge to his main Iowa rival — a 90-minute one-on-one debate next Monday, the day of the Iowa caucuses.

""Give the Republican primary voters the right to see a fair and policy-focused debate, not simply insults,"" Cruz said on the Mark Levin radio show, according to Politico.",1
4484,"Parts Of Patriot Act Expire, Even As Senate Moves On Bill Limiting Surveillance","Parts Of Patriot Act Expire, Even As Senate Moves On Bill Limiting Surveillance

It was a dramatic day on the floor of the United States Senate on Sunday. Unable to overcome parliamentary maneuvers by Sen. Rand Paul, the body adjourned and let three controversial provisions of the Patriot Act expire at midnight.

Trying to beat a midnight deadline during a rare Sunday session, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell tried to fast track a House bill that would overhaul the government's bulk collection of Americans' phone records.

At around 7 p.m. ET, the House bill cleared a key procedural hurdle, but as the sun set on Washington, it became clear that a Senate rule allowing for 30 hours of debate would force parts of the Patriot Act to expire at least temporarily.

""The Patriot Act will expire tonight,"" Paul, the Kentucky Republican who has led the charge against the government's bulk collection program, said. ""But it will only be temporary. They will ultimately get their way.""

Before this session, Paul promised to use any parliamentary moves available to him to force any Senate vote on the measure to happen after the 12 a.m. deadline.

He was warned by lawmakers on both sides of the aisle that he was putting the country at risk.

""To go dark on this is a risk on Americans' lives,"" Sen. Dan Coats, an Indiana Republican, said on the floor of the Senate.

McConnell, the senior Republican senator from Kentucky, said that blocking this legislation should be ""worrying for our country."" McConnell said that even though he had vehemently opposed this bill previously — his chamber had also failed to move it forward earlier this week — he would attempt to pass it.

""We shouldn't be disarming unilaterally as our enemies grow more sophisticated and aggressive, and we certainly should not be doing so based on a campaign of demagoguery and disinformation launched in the wake of the unlawful actions of Edward Snowden,"" McConnell said.

Paul fired back, saying he worried that the House bill actually made the government better at collecting phone records in bulk. He said he couldn't trust the secret court tasked with interpreting the law and that he wanted to add amendments to the bill. He added that the U.S. is using fear to convince Americans of the need for these programs, but the country already has the tools to fight terrorists. They could seek warrants, he said, instead of dragging Americans into what he said was an unconstitutional surveillance system.

""Mark my words,"" he said, ""the battle is not over.""

At around 9:45 p.m. ET, after a lengthy break, McConnell took the floor again and admitted defeat. He offered several amendments to the House bill and adjourned until 12 p.m. ET on June 1, guaranteeing that parts of the surveillance programs instituted by the U.S. after the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11 would end entirely at least temporarily.

In a statement, White House press secretary Josh Earnest said that the Senate had taken ""an important—if late—step forward tonight.""

The White House has always supported HR 2048 — also known as the House's USA Freedom Act. The bill ends the bulk collection program as we know it. If passed, the government would still have access to the data, but it would now have to query databases kept by phone companies.

""We call on the Senate to ensure this irresponsible lapse in authorities is as short-lived as possible,"" Earnest said. ""On a matter as critical as our national security, individual Senators must put aside their partisan motivations and act swiftly. The American people deserve nothing less.""

We'll live-blogged the Senate action as it happened. Keep reading if you want a play-by-play.

Update at 11:03 p.m. ET. The Most Dramatic Moment:

We'll leave you tonight with video of the most dramatic moment of the night. It happened as Sen. Rand Paul tried to get five minutes to speak. Here's the video via Real Clear Politics:

Paul, by the way, goes on to win the parliamentary tousle, finally getting his five minutes.

The Senate has adjourned. Three provisions of the Patriot Act will expire at least temporarily.

Update at 9:34 p.m. ET. Senate Still In Session:

The Senate is still technically in session. A senator suggested the absence of a quorum, which has given the Senate time to figure out what will happen next.

Update at 9:31 p.m. ET. Strong Support For 'Comprehensive Reform':

In a statement, Michael Macleod-Ball, acting director of the ACLU Washington Legislative Office, said today's vote and the likely temporary end of the bulk collection program are a reflection of strong support for ""meaningful and comprehensive reform of the surveillance laws.""

He added: ""Congress should take advantage of this sunset to pass far reaching surveillance reform, instead of the weak bill currently under consideration.""

Update at 8:16 p.m. ET. What To Expect?

So, where do we stand right now? The Senate now has the ability to move on the House bill, but senators can debate the bill for 30 hours.

Manu Raju of Politico reports that Majority Leader McConnell ""plans to employ a prerogative Reid rarely used: Making senators actually debate in post-cloture time — or he'll continue process.""

Congressional Quarterly reports that a McConnell spokesman said there will "" 'likely' be no more votes tonight.""

This means three provisions of the Patriot Act are likely to lapse, if only temporarily.

Update at 8:00 p.m. ET. Bulk Collection Will Likely Lapse:

Wyden and Sen. Martin Heinrich, a Democrat from New Mexico, are still talking on the floor.

It's worth noting that according to White House officials, who briefed reporters last week, it is now likely there will be a lapse in the government's bulk collection program.

As we reported: While the statutory deadline is Monday, June 1, ""senior administration officials said they have to begin winding down their surveillance programs at 4 p.m. ET on Sunday. That process, they said, could be aborted as late as 8 p.m. ET.""

We are now past that window.

Sen. Ron Wyden, a Democrat from Oregon, just finished a speech on the floor. Wyden has been a long-time critic of the bulk collection program.

During his speech, he reminded Americans that the administration had misled Congress in the past. He was specifically referring to a hearing in which he asked National Intelligence Director James Clapper if the National Security Agency collects ""any type of data at all on millions, or hundreds of millions of Americans.""

Clapper answered, ""No sir,"" before adding, ""not wittingly.""

Clapper ended up apologizing for that answer.

Wyden said that's why the Senate has to ask the ""hard questions.""

""It is our job to ask the hard questions,"" Wyden said.

Update at 7:53 p.m. ET. What Does The House Bill Contain:

We've noted Paul's reservations about HR 2048 — or the House's USA Freedom Act.

From a previous post, here's what that bill would do:

Update at 7:42 p.m. ET. Patriot Act Will Expire:

Sen. Paul said: ""The Patriot Act will expire tonight. But it will only be temporary. They will ultimately get their way.""

With that, Paul stepped off the floor. Here's a quick recap of what he said:

Update at 7:28 p.m. ET. 'Bill Will Ultimately Pass':

Sen. Rand Paul took to the floor shortly after the cloture vote passed. He conceded that the House bill would ""ultimately pass,"" but ""tonight begins the process of ending bulk collection.""

His issue with the House bill, he said, is that Congress may just be replacing one bulk collection program with another.

""It's hard for me to have trust in the people who we are giving great power to,"" Paul said.

The senator from Kentucky said he would offer up amendments to the bill.

Update at 7:08 p.m. ET. Procedural Vote Passes By Large Margin:

The procedural measure to move onto the House bill ultimately passed by a large margin — 77 to 17.

It means the Senate has overcome a major procedural hurdle, but any senator can still debate the measure for 30 hours.

The votes are still coming in, but the Senate has reached the 60 votes needed to limit debate and move on to the House bill.

However, Paul, or any senator for that matter, can force the Senate to debate the matter for another 30 hours before they can vote on the bill. That is of course many hours after the midnight deadline.

The vote so far: 75 in favor of cloture, 15 opposed.

With a temporary extension off the table, Sen. McConnell said he had only two options: One, let the programs expire. Two, try to pass the House bill.

The first option, he said, is ""completely unacceptable."" So, he said, he would move forward with the reconsideration of the House bill.

That motion passed with a voice vote and the Senate is now voting to limit debate and move on to the House bill. That's also known as a cloture vote.

As Fox's Chad Pergram reports on Twitter, that doesn't mean much because even if they get the 60 votes needed for cloture, ""Paul can still require 30 hrs burn off clock before Senate can get on Hse's NSA bill. Means pgms would lapse.""

Update at 6:16 p.m. ET. McConnell Proposes To Extend Two Sections:

Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell took to the floor to propose a very limited bill — one that would extend Sections 206 and 6001, the so-called roving wiretaps and lone wolf provisions.

Just like that, Paul objected, and McConnell said that his objection should be ""very worrying for Americans.""

""The nature of the threat is very serious,"" McConnell said; therefore, we should not be ""disarming unilaterally.""

The Senate has reconvened. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is on the floor.

Update at 6:05 p.m. ET. The Debate So Far:

While we wait for the Senate to reconvene, here's a little recap of what we've heard on the floor so far: Democratic Sens. Harry Reid and Patrick Leahy made the case that the Senate should act quickly to pass the House bill.

Leahy said that it had been passed by the House in bipartisan fashion, and that it makes significant changes to the government's surveillance programs.

Reid said that this is an important national security program. He said that CIA Director John Brennan and even Senate Republicans agree that allowing parts of this law to expire would ""threaten our national security."" In his words, this is ""big time stuff.""

In his five minutes, Sen. Paul essentially scoffed at that notion.

""How will we protect ourselves?"" he asked. ""What about using the Constitution? What about getting a warrant?""

Update at 5:56 p.m. ET. What To Expect:

Right now the Senate is in recess. Both parties are meeting to discuss how to go forward. When the Senate returns, we expect a series of votes to reconsider HR 2048 — also known as the House's USA Freedom Act.

The Senate had already failed to move that measure forward earlier this month.

It did not take long for the drama to get started. About an hour into the session, Sen. Rand Paul asked to speak for five minutes. Sen. Chuck Grassley, a fellow Republican, shot him down, and Sen. John McCain, another fellow Republican, suggested Paul should learn the rules of the Senate.

That's when Paul called for a live quorum — a roll call that determines whether a majority of the Senate is in the chamber to continue doing business. To speed things up, the live quorum was called off and Paul was given his five minutes.

""This in important debate,"" Paul said. ""This is a debate over the bill of rights, over the Fourth Amendment. ... It is a debate over your right to be left alone.""

Paul said that the surveillance programs put in place by Section 215 were illegal. Then he issued a warning: ""I'm not going to take it anymore.""",1
1297,Kasich: Voters Are ‘Starting to Pay Attention’,"CHARLESTON – John Kasich isn’t sure how he got to be the runner-up to in Tuesday’s New Hampshire GOP primary, an achievement that is drawing more South Carolina voters to his under-the-radar presidential campaign. “Frankly no one would have thought I would finish in second place, way ahead of everybody else, in New Hampshire,” Mr. Kasich told […]",1
2732,President Obama really really really really hates Maureen Dowd,"President Obama's affection for the New York Times op-ed section is pretty well-documented at this point. David Brooks and Tom Friedman are regulars at Obama's occasional off-the-record conversations with columnists, and attended one right before the start of airstrikes against ISIS, along with fellow columnist Frank Bruni; Brooks in particular has been a longtime White House favorite.

But according to David Axelrod's new memoir, Obama reserves an intense loathing for their colleague Maureen Dowd. Here's how Axelrod remembers an encounter during Obama's campaign trip to Europe in the summer of 2008:

Maureen Dowd, the talented but tart columnist for the Times, was traveling with us and was granted a brief interview with Obama. When we brought her to the front of the plane for the interview, however, Obama proceeded to blister her for a previous column she had written. No one got under Barack's skin more than Maureen, whose penchant for delving into the psyches of her subjects was particularly irritating to the self-possessed Obama. Normally polite under any circumstances, he was patronizing and disrespectful to Maureen in a way that I had rarely seen. This was not well received by Dowd who, like most journalists, was accustomed to firing off salvos, yet decidedly uncomfortable when fired upon herself. After that awkward encounter, she seemed to take particular delight in psychoanalyzing Barack and belittling him in print, which only deepened his contempt. Maureen, who is as gracious and loyal to her friends as she is rough on the high and mighty, would become a friend of mine in Washington, which became a minor source of tension with Obama. ""Why are you friends with her?"" he would demand after Maureen sent one of her acid darts his way.

In an email to the Huffington Post's Michael Calderone, Dowd denied that her writing was motivated by a desire to avenge Obama's slight, writing ""The idea that I punished him for giving me his opinion is not true and plays into an unfortunate stereotype of women, the Furies swooping down.""

In any case, Obama's certainly not the first person to lodge this particular complaint against Dowd, that she is excessively interested in psychoanalyzing political figures while neglecting what it is they're actually advocating, that, in her own words, she ""focuses too much on the person but not enough on policy."" In a 2005 profile by Ariel Levy in New York Magazine, Dowd dismissed this criticism as sexist: ""All the great traumatizing events of American history— Watergate, Vietnam, the Iran/contra stuff — have always been about the president’s personal demons and gremlins. So I always thought that criticism was just silly … as if it was a girlish thing to be focused on the person.""

WATCH: Obama on why he's such a polarizing president",1
4088,U.S. Congressional Delegation travels to Cuba this weekend,"Their itinerary includes meetings with Cuban government officials, a possible meeting with Cardinal Jaime Ortega Alamino, possible meetings with representatives of Cuba's civil society, a visit to the U.S. Interests Section, and a meeting with other ambassadors to Cuba. The delegation will travel to Cuba on Saturday, and return Monday evening.

A spokesman for Sen. Richard Durbin, an Illinois Democrat, tells CNN, the delegation will seek ""clarity from Cuba on what they envision normalization of relations to look like, and, ""going beyond past rote responses such as 'end the embargo.""

The spokesman says the congressional members, ""hope to develop a sense of what Cuba and United States are prepared to do to make a constructive relationship possible. "" The delegation will also, ""impress upon Cuban leaders the importance of concrete results and positive momentum,"" and, ""Convey a sense of Americans' expectations, and perceptions in Congress."" Senator Patrick Leahy of Vermont, who is heading the delegation Looking forward to #Cuba visit to discuss our relationship & potential collaboration w/ #RI's academic institutions http://t.co/AO5r782ea0 — Sheldon Whitehouse (@SenWhitehouse) January 17, 2015",1
578,How Democrats killed Obama's college savings plan,The president-elect hasn't made clear how he will avoid conflicts between his vast empire and his official duties.,1
1723,Clinton Takes First Step To Dispel Doubts About Candidacy,"Clinton Takes First Step To Dispel Doubts About Candidacy

Both of the leading Democrats probably helped themselves in their party's first debate of the 2016 presidential campaign, held in Las Vegas and carried by CNN. But Hillary Clinton, the candidate with the most to lose, may have come away having gained the most.

The longtime front-runner has been beset by controversy, falling poll numbers and a brittle relationship with the media. A bad performance before this season's first national audience would have deepened doubts about her candidacy.

At a minimum, Clinton needed to hold her own and provide as little fresh ammunition as possible to her critics. She met this standard and far exceeded it, performing more ably than in any major media appearance since her best debates and speeches in 2008. Her answers were substantive, measured and confident. But even more important, her demeanor was both relaxed and energetic. At times, she even seemed to be enjoying herself.

Her main challenger, Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, also had a good night. His strong views on the left bank of the American mainstream found a receptive audience in the partisan crowd. He even got applause for saying he could and would defend his philosophy by ""explaining what Democratic socialism is."" Questioned about his distaste for capitalism, he turned the issue to income inequality and banks ""too big to fail.""

Several of the ""focus group"" interviews conducted by news organizations found their participants liking Sanders the best of the group.

But Martin O'Malley, the former governor of Maryland who has been running a distant third to Clinton and Sanders, also had his moments of connection with the crowd. He made several appeals to environmentalists, especially on climate change. And he told a moving story of parents from Colorado who lost a child in the Aurora theater shooting and then were denied a day in court suing the gun dealer who sold 4,000 rounds of military ammunition to the shooter.

Less successful on balance were the debate's lesser-known entrants, former Virginia Sen. Jim Webb and former Rhode Island Sen. and Gov. Lincoln Chafee. The latter, a former Republican turned independent turned Democrat, had trouble finding an angle of attack against his former Senate colleagues.

In fact, the entire proceeding was notable for its tone of collegiality. While the candidates disagreed about guns, trade legislation, the use of coal and the use of U.S. military power abroad, they did so in a manner that was more than civil. Whether intentional or not, their behavior contrasted with the rancor and personal confrontations that studded the first two presidential debates on the Republican side.",1
3256,Why raising the Social Security retirement age really does hurt the poor the most,"On Wednesday, I wrote about why raising the Social Security retirement age is a particularly cruel policy to people who hate their jobs and die young — a group that tends to be poor.

On Twitter, the very smart Marc Goldwein, who works for the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, took issue with the piece. Twitter is good for a lot of things, but debating the distributional impacts of changes to Social Security isn't one of them. So let's move the debate here.

In case you don't want to read the rest of this, here's the short version of my response: a Social Security check means something very different to someone with no retirement savings than it does to someone with hefty retirement savings. Cutting 11 percent of the check someone lives on and 11 percent of the check someone barely notices are not the same thing. And, finally, cutting 11 percent of the check of someone who loves his job is very different from cutting 11 percent of the check of someone who desperately wants to retire.

Goldwein's tweet uses a table from the Social Security administration showing that the cut lops a roughly equal percentage off the benefits of people at all income levels — and of course it does; raising the retirement age is an across-the-board cut. But a 6.5 percent cut to Social Security benefits for someone with no other income is much more harmful than an identical cut for someone with $100,000 a year in income from retirement savings.

This debate is complicated a bit by the fact that there are actually two ""retirement ages"" for Social Security: the early retirement age, which is the earliest age at which someone can begin receiving benefits, and the full retirement age, at which Social Security grants ""full"" benefits (though, confusingly, you can get still larger Social Security checks by retiring later than the full retirement age). Some proposals raise only the early retirement age, some raise only the full retirement age, and some, like Chris Christie's plan, raise both. But the Congressional Budget Office finds that increasing either retirement age — or both retirement ages — hurts the poor more than the rich.

Here's what it says about raising the early retirement age:

Here's what it says about raising the full retirement age:

In both cases, the basic effect is the same: raising the retirement age is manageable so long as you can continue working, and want to continue working. But it's a much bigger problem if you can't continue working, or you desperately want to stop working, and were going to rely on Social Security to support you in retirement.

Which is to say, raising the retirement age is a cut that targets people who hate their jobs and want to retire, but can't do so without Social Security.

And then there's the fact that the poor live shorter lives than the rich. If we raised the early retirement age from 62 to 65, then someone who lives until 80 would see their 18 years of retirement cut to 15 years — a loss of about 16 percent of their retirement. Someone who only lives until 73, however, would see their retirement cut from 11 years to eight — a loss of about 27 percent of their time in retirement.

This speaks, by the way, to one of the main justifications given for raising the retirement age: that Americans are living longer lives these days. But as this chart from the Peter G. Peterson Foundation shows, the recent increase in life expectancy has been much larger among the affluent.

This is where we get into questions not of budget but of values: I think in a country as rich as ours, it should be possible for people who hate their jobs to retire relatively young, so they can spend a good portion of their adult life in retirement. I think it's easy for people who love their jobs to underestimate how soul-crushing it is to hate going into work every day. And so I prefer fixes to Social Security that don't force people who hate their jobs to spend longer in the workforce.

Perhaps that would change if we didn't have other options for closing Social Security's shortfall — but there are so, so many other paths that it baffles me why so many in Washington have fixated on this one.",1
2786,Afghanistan: 19 die in air attacks on hospital; U.S. investigating,"(CNN) Aerial bombardments blew apart a Doctors Without Borders hospital in the battleground Afghan city of Kunduz about the time of a U.S. airstrike early Saturday, killing at least 19 people, officials said.

The blasts left part of the hospital in flames and rubble, killing 12 staffers and seven patients -- including three children -- and injuring 37 other people, the charity said.

As the United States said it was investigating what struck the hospital during the night, the charity expressed shock and demanded answers, stressing that all combatants had been told long ago where the hospital was.

""(The bombing) constitutes a grave violation of international humanitarian law,"" Doctors Without Borders, known internationally as Medecins Sans Frontieres, or MSF, said.

""We were running a hospital treating patients, including wounded combatants from both sides -- this was not a 'Taliban base,' "" said Dr. Joanne Liu, international president of Doctors Without Borders or Médecins Sans Frontières, upon release of the group's internal review of the attack.

""We were running a hospital treating patients, including wounded combatants from both sides -- this was not a 'Taliban base,' "" said Dr. Joanne Liu, international president of Doctors Without Borders or Médecins Sans Frontières, upon release of the group's internal review of the attack.

The attacks came as fighting intensified between Afghan government forces -- supported by U.S. air power and military advisers -- and the Taliban, which invaded Kunduz in late September.

The attacks came as fighting intensified between Afghan government forces -- supported by U.S. air power and military advisers -- and the Taliban, which invaded Kunduz in late September.

Doctors Without Borders is asking for an indepedent investigation by the International Humanitarian Fact-Finding Commission. President Barack Obama has apologized to the charity group for the attack.

Doctors Without Borders is asking for an indepedent investigation by the International Humanitarian Fact-Finding Commission. President Barack Obama has apologized to the charity group for the attack.

Doctors Without Borders said it had emailed the GPS coordinates of its main hospital and administration office building at the Kunduz center before the airstrike. The U.S. commander said airstrikes were called after Afghan troops advised they were ""taking fire from enemy positions.""

Doctors Without Borders said it had emailed the GPS coordinates of its main hospital and administration office building at the Kunduz center before the airstrike. The U.S. commander said airstrikes were called after Afghan troops advised they were ""taking fire from enemy positions.""

Flames are visible inside a Doctors Without Borders hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan, after a U.S. airstrike on Saturday, October 3. At least 30 people died in the attack, the charity said in its internal review of the strike released Thursday, November 5. The commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan has said the hospital was hit accidentally.

Flames are visible inside a Doctors Without Borders hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan, after a U.S. airstrike on Saturday, October 3. At least 30 people died in the attack, the charity said in its internal review of the strike released Thursday, November 5. The commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan has said the hospital was hit accidentally.

""There are many patients and staff who remain unaccounted for. The numbers may grow as a clearer picture develops of the aftermath of this horrific bombing,"" MSF said, adding all the dead and injured were Afghans.

The bombardments continued even after U.S. and Afghan military officials were notified the hospital was being attacked, the charity said.

The circumstances weren't immediately clear, but the U.S. military was conducting an airstrike in Kunduz at the time the hospital was hit, U.S. Army Col. Brian Tibus said.

The military is investigating whether a U.S. AC-130 gunship -- which was in the area firing on Taliban positions to defend U.S. special operations troops there -- is responsible, a U.S. military official said on condition of anonymity.

The White House released a statement from President Barack Obama offering condolences to the charity from the American people.

""The Department of Defense has launched a full investigation, and we will await the results of that inquiry before making a definitive judgment as to the circumstances of this tragedy,"" the President said. ""I ... expect a full accounting of the facts and circumstances.""

The top U.S. and NATO military commander in Afghanistan said he spoke to Afghan President Ashraf Ghani about the deadly airstrike, the U.S. military said.

""While we work to thoroughly examine the incident and determine what happened, my thoughts and prayers are with those affected. We continue to advise and assist our Afghan partners as they clear the city of Kunduz and surrounding areas of insurgents. As always, we will take all reasonable steps to protect civilians from harm,"" said Gen. John F. Campbell.

The incident occurred on roughly the sixth day of fighting between Afghan government forces -- supported by U.S. air power and military advisers -- and the Taliban, which invaded the city early this week.

According to MSF, the compound is gated and no staff members saw any fighters there or nearby.

""If there was a major military operation going on there, our staff would have noticed. And that wasn't the case when the strikes occurred,"" Christopher Stokes, the charity's general director, told CNN.

One nurse said in an article on the MSF website that he was sleeping in a safe room when he was awakened by a large explosion. The bombing lasted about an hour, Lajos Zoltan Jecs said.

As he went to help the wounded, he and others tried to save a doctor. He died on an office table, Jecs said. The nurse saw six patients who had burned to death in their beds. Another patient was dead on an operating table.

""I have no words to express this. It is unspeakable,"" he said.

Charity: We told everyone of our location

The charity, which had had been caring for hundreds already hurt in days of fighting, said it had told all warring parties the exact location of the trauma center, including most recently on Tuesday.

When the aerial attack occurred, 105 patients and their caretakers were in the hospital. More than 80 MSF international and national staff were present.

The U.S. special operations troops were in the area advising Afghan forces, the military official who was speaking anonymously said. The official stressed that the information about the probe was preliminary.

Pribus said a ""manned, fixed-wing aircraft"" conducted a strike ""against individuals threatening the force"" at 2:15 a.m. local time, and that the strike ""may have resulted in collateral damage to a nearby medical facility.""

The U.N. mission in Afghanistan sharply condemned the airstrike.

""I condemn in the strongest terms the tragic and devastating air strike on the Médecins sans Frontières hospital in Kunduz early this morning, which resulted in the deaths and injury of medical personnel, patients and other civilians,"" said Nicholas Haysom, head of the United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan.

The U.S. Embassy in Kabul expressed condolences on its Facebook page.

""The U.S. Embassy mourns for the individuals and families affected by the tragic incident at the Doctors Without Borders hospital, and for all those suffering from the violence in Kunduz,"" it read. The embassy praised the group's work as ""heroic.""

The International Committee of the Red Cross also expressed condemnation.

""Such attacks against health workers and facilities undermine the capacity of humanitarian organizations to assist the Afghan people at a time when they most urgently need it,"" said Jean-Nicolas Marti, Head of the ICRC delegation in Afghanistan.

Bullets broke windows and punctured the roof of the intensive care unit.

The Taliban captured Kunduz earlier this week in the group's biggest victory in 15 years. It was a major setback for Afghan forces.

Afghanistan said it reclaimed most of the city Thursday in a big operation backed by U.S. airstrikes.

But hours later, there were signs that the Taliban were back in Kunduz, a resident told CNN. Gunshots erupted near the airport.

Kunduz is a strategic hub on the main highway between Kabul and Tajikistan.

On Thursday, Taliban fighters also took the Warduj district of Badakhshan, east of Kunduz province.

Retired U.S. Army Lt. Gen Mark Hertling said it was common for facilities such as hospitals to give combatants their coordinates.

""The coalition air forces will put something called a no-fly area on that GPS coordinate, so you have a pinpoint dot on a map, where you say something is there ... don't hit it,"" Hertling said.

""But when the fluidness of the battlefield takes place and you have engagements with troops on the ground, sometimes there are mistakes,"" he said.",1
4514,A new 9/11 memorial to Flight 93: ‘Our loved ones left a legacy for all of us’,"—Debby Borza stood before a wall of photos of 40 people who died here Sept. 11, 2001, and gently tapped her daughter’s face on a computer touch screen, not knowing exactly what to expect.

“What do they have to say about my dear, sweet daughter?” she said, her face brightening as the screen filled with photos of Deora Frances Bodley, 20, at her high school graduation, working as a volunteer reading tutor, visiting Paris — an album of a promising young life cut short 14 years ago Friday, when four al-Qaeda terrorists hijacked United Airlines Flight 93.

Borza was among the family members given an early look at the $26 million Flight 93 National Memorial visitor center that opened this week, remembering the legacy of the 9/11 attacks and honoring the courage of 40 passengers and crew members who fought back against their four hijackers, preventing the plane from hitting its presumed target, the U.S. Capitol.

“It’s important to me that the visitor sees what these 40 people took on, to take a stand for freedom, to take the kind of stand that cost their lives,” said Borza, whose daughter was the youngest female passenger on Flight 93. “Maybe there will be some special thing they see about Deora that will inspire them.”

As Americans mark the 14th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks, thousands will gather at long-established monuments at Ground Zero in New York, at the Pentagon in Virginia and at other sites honoring the nearly 3,000 people who lost their lives in the deadliest terrorist attack in U.S. history. But those who come to the national monument in Shanksville, to honor Bodley and the passengers who kept 9/11 from becoming even more catastrophic, will find a work still in progress.

The stunning concrete-and-glass visitors center and museum are finally open, but landscaping and other finishing touches are still underway. Yet another structure, the Tower of Voices, a nearly 100-foot bell tower with 40 chimes, is scheduled to be built during the next two years.

A memorial plaza close to the crash site, in a field that was once a strip mine, was completed in time for the 10th anniversary in 2011.

At the time, former president Bill Clinton, visiting the site with former president George W. Bush, expressed frustration with the pace of the project.

Clinton and Bush soon became personally involved, speeding fundraising and development, according to Gordon Felt, president of Families of Flight 93.

“President Clinton and President Bush both came through for us,” said Felt, whose brother, Edward Porter Felt, 41, died in the crash.

Felt said the families were closely involved in all aspects of the complex development, working with private donors and state and federal officials — as well as the National Park Service, which operates the memorial — to raise money, acquire land, select a design and complete construction.

“Our loved ones left a legacy for all of us,” Felt said, noting that the plane, which was traveling at 563 mph, was less than 20 minutes of flying time from Washington. “If the Capitol building was destroyed that day, just think how much more devastating an impact that day would have had on our country.”

The legacy of Flight 93 might already have inspired others to stand up against terrorist attacks, Felt said. Last month, three Americans acted to avert a massacre on a train in France.

“It’s important that we don’t forget the events of the day, but the individual people who stood up to say no,” Felt said. “They could have sat back and let others dictate the end of their lives. But they fought back and became heroes in the process.”

In the chill and rain

On Thursday, several hundred people huddled under umbrellas in a heavy, chilly drizzle for the official opening of the visitors center. Speakers remembered the passengers and crew of Flight 93, who “changed the course of American history,” said Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Wolf (D).

“They are modern-day heroes who represent the very best in us,” said Interior Secretary Sally Jewell, who also quoted from Abraham Lincoln’s Gettysburg Address, delivered on another remote Pennsylvania field: “We have come to dedicate a portion of that field as a final resting place for those who here gave their lives that that nation might live.”

Alan Hantman, the appointed architect of the Capitol from 1997 to 2007, addressed family members in the crowd, noting that he was in the building on the morning of Sept. 11, 2001, and saying, “I’m one of those who was saved by your loved ones.”

Paul Murdoch, the architect of the memorial, said it is designed to highlight the power of the story of Flight 93.

“In its raw severity, we acknowledge their sacrifice. In its solemn darkness, we acknowledge their loss. In its calm serenity, we offer solace at their final resting place. And in its monumental scale, we praise their heroic deeds,” Murdoch told the crowd.

The visitors center and museum is set between two soaring concrete walls that rise 40 feet high, one foot for each of those who died. It is set directly on Flight 93’s flight path, with a black stone walkway indicating the precise route that the plane followed. On the valley floor below, a large boulder marks the point of impact, serving almost as a headstone in a place where very few human remains were recovered.

The center presents the events of Sept. 11, 2001, as they unfolded. The first display that visitors encounter features that morning’s Wall Street Journal; photos of local students entering an elementary school; a diagram showing that there were 4,500 planes in the air when Flight 93 took off at 8:42 a.m. from Newark on its way to San Francisco.

The next display features video clips of a stunned Katie Couric telling viewers of NBC’s “Today” that a plane had struck the World Trade Center. There follows video of the second plane hitting, the South Tower collapsing, the voice of ABC News anchor Peter Jennings saying, “My God.”

Display cases are filled with tiny fragments of the plane; bits of metal and wire and electronics; a charred seat belt; a safety instruction card; bent metal spoons and forks; the Oracle employee identification card of passenger Todd Beamer; the New Jersey driver’s license of passenger Colleen Fraser; a Visa card that belonged to one of the hijackers.

At one display, visitors can pick up a phone and listen to some of the 37 calls that were made from Flight 93 that morning, some to 911 and some to family members. Those calls allowed passengers to understand that what they faced was not a normal hijacking, and it also allowed them to say goodbye.

“I just wanted to tell you I love you. We’re having a little problem on the plane. I’m totally fine. I just love you more than anything, just know that,” Lauren Catuzzi Grandcolas says in a message on her husband’s answering machine.

Passenger Linda Gronlund calls her sister and says: “I just love you and I just wanted to tell you that. I don’t know if I’m going to get the chance to tell you that again or not.”

Another wall is dedicated to a life-size photograph of a Boeing 757 cabin, showing the plane as the passengers would have seen it after the hijackers forced them all to the back. When they decided to rush their attackers, they had to move 100 feet to the front of the plane, down an aisle 20 inches wide.

Ed Root, whose cousin, flight attendant Lorraine Bay, died in the crash, stood in front of the photograph, contemplating that daunting prospect.

“We all ask ourselves, ‘What would I have done if I was here?’ ” Root said. “What would you do? Would you have just stayed back there and hoped for the best? Or would you have reacted? Thankfully, they did react.”

While 9/11 is a defining event for America, Root noted that it is getting to be “history” for younger Americans, even those now in college.

“We need them to remember,” he said. “This history is not over. This is a story that goes on.”",1
1612,Fact checking the fourth round of GOP debates,"Fox Business News aired two GOP presidential debates Tuesday: a prime-time event starring eight candidates and an earlier debate featuring four second-tier contenders, based on an average of recent polls.

Not every candidate uttered facts that are easily fact checked, but following is a list of 15 suspicious or interesting claims. As is our practice, we do not award Pinocchios when we do a roundup of facts in debates.

This was a great line by Rubio, well delivered, but it’s totally off base.

The median wage of welders is $37,420, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. The median wage for philosophy teachers is $63,630, according to BLS.

In fact, the average first-year salary for a college graduate with a bachelor’s degree in philosophy is $42,200 — with a mid-career average of $85,000, according to Payscale.com. For college professors, the median salary is $89,913, with the top 10 percent having a salary near $200,000.

By contrast, the top 10 percent salary for welders is only about $58,590, BLS says.

Carson has a point, but such a trend did not play out every time the federal minimum wage was raised.

Our friends at PolitiFact have compiled a chart showing the years Congress raised the minimum wage, and the months of job growth in the following one-year period. The chart shows that between 1978 and 2009, raising the federal minimum wage did not always result in job loss or job growth. In fact, it was split almost evenly; out of the 11 times the minimum wage was raised, there was overall job growth six times, and overall job loss five times.

Still, the Congressional Budget Office projected that raising the minimum wage to $10.10 from the current wage of $7.25 per hour would result in about 500,000 fewer workers having jobs — and possibly up to 1 million workers would be affected. Raising the minimum wage to $9 per hour could result in 100,000 to 200,000 jobs lost, the CBO projected.

However, many more low-wage workers’ earnings would increase as a result of raising the minimum wage, the CBO found. Under the $10.10 option, 16.5 million workers with hourly wages less than the proposed minimum would see an increase in their earnings. Under the $9 option, 7.6 million workers would see an increase.

Conventional economic analysis may show that increasing the minimum wage reduces employment by increasing the cost to employers, and by raising the cost of low-wage workers relative to other inputs like machines or technology, the CBO wrote. But conventional economic analysis might not always apply, according to the CBO: “For example, when a firm is hiring more workers and needs to boost pay for existing workers doing the same work — to match what it needs to pay to recruit the new workers — hiring a new worker costs the company not only that new worker’s wages but also the additional wages paid to retain other workers.”

Trump likes to cite this historical example to defend his plan to deport 11 million undocumented immigrants, but never uses its now-politically-incorrect name, “Operation Wetback.”

As our colleague Yanan Wang documented in September, this campaign dumped hundreds of thousands of Mexican migrants back into Mexico, with few resources to fend for themselves: “Unloaded from buses and trucks carrying several times their capacity, the deportees stumbled into the Mexicali streets with few possessions and no way of getting home. … After one such round-up and transfer in July, 88 people died from heat stroke.”

Moreover, researchers now believe claims that more than 1 million people were deported to be highly exaggerated, with the actual figure closer to 250,000.

A Brookings Institution report appears to confirm Paul’s claim. But at The Fact Checker, we always warn readers against correlating the economic trends in a city or state to policy decisions of a single executive — or in this case, his or her party.

A study by the Brookings Institution ranked the top 10 and bottom 10 largest cities in the country by income inequality, using 2012 Census data. PolitiFact rated Paul’s statement Half True, based on this study.

Among the 10 cities with the highest income inequality, nine had Democratic mayors. Atlanta, under a Democratic mayor, had the highest inequality out of the nation’s largest cities. The other cities led by Democrats were San Francisco, Boston, Washington, D.C., New York, Oakland, Chicago, Los Angeles and Baltimore.

PolitiFact found that seven of the 10 cities in the report with the least income inequality had Republican mayors: Oklahoma City; Omaha, Neb.; Fort Worth, Texas; Colorado Springs, Colo.; Mesa, Ariz.; Arlington, Tex.; and Virginia Beach, Va.

The 10 cities with the least inequality obviously are smaller cities than the ones in the top 10. The range of income distribution is wider in larger cities with bigger populations.

This is stale statistic, derived from a report published in 2014 by the Brookings Institution, which studied Census Bureau data called Business Dynamic Statistics. Brookings analysts tracked data back to 1978 and found that starting in 2008, business deaths exceeded business births through 2011.

It soon became a favorite GOP talking point (Marco Rubio used it in the last debate). But that report is out of date. More recent data shows the trend shifted in 2012 and in the past two years, business starts began to exceed business deaths.

In saying he was against increasing the minimum wage, Carson cited a figure for black teenage unemployment that seemed suspiciously high to some viewers. Apparently he meant to refer to the unemployment rate, though it came out sounding like he was saying 80 percent were unemployed.

But then a 19.8 percent unemployment rate sounded suspiciously low. Indeed, the Bureau of Labor Statistics says that it stood at 25.6 percent as of October.

The Carson campaign initially sent a 2013 report from the American Enterprise Institute that said the jobless rate for black male teens was 44.3 percent — but 19.8 percent for white male teens. Oops. Then we were sent a pair of studies that show the summer jobless rate for black teens was 19 percent. Seems like a shifting of the goal posts, but apparently he was talking about summer employment. He just didn’t make that very clear.

We note this comment because it is very puzzling. The Chinese are in Syria? The Carson campaign did not respond to a query. (Update: Spokesman Doug Watts sent links to blog posts from September 2015 speculating that China was in Syria and a 2012 article about possible Chinese participation in war games with Russia and Syria, which noted the reports were unconfirmed.)

But while there were reports in Middle Eastern media that China would fight alongside Russia in Syria, that has been dismissed by the Chinese media as “speculative nonsense.” A newspaper tied to the ruling Communist Party noted, “It’s not China that brought chaos to Syria, and China has no reason to rush to the front lines and play a confrontational role.”

This may have been true at the start of his campaign, but it’s no longer valid though Trump loves to keep saying this line. In the third quarter of this year, the Trump campaign received $4 million in unsolicited donations, according to the campaign’s latest financial filing. Since launching the campaign, Trump has spent about $2 million of his own money, the filing said.

Carson appears to cite the common statistic that 22 veterans commit suicide a day. At best, this figure is a rough, outdated estimate based on partial data.

This statistic comes from the VA’s 2012 Suicide Data Report, for which researchers analyzed death certificates of veterans from 21 states, from 1999 to 2011. They took the percentage of veteran deaths identified as suicides, out of all suicides from those states during that period. Then they applied that percentage to the number of suicides in the United States in a given year. That comes out to 22 suicides a day.

But the sample size was fewer than half the states, and did not include some states with the largest veteran populations (such as Arizona, California, Texas and North Carolina). Researchers who wrote this report provided a major caveat about their findings: “It is recommended that the estimated number of veterans be interpreted with caution due to the use of data from a sample of states and existing evidence of uncertainty in veteran identifiers on U.S. death certificates.” The Department of Veterans Affairs, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and Defense Department have been working on a larger study to accurately quantify the suicide problem among veterans.

Suicide is a serious concern among veterans, and Americans at large. In fact, suicides among veterans happen at a higher rate than Americans in general.

Huckabee appears to be citing data from a flawed article that appeared in the tabloid Daily Mail in September. That one in five figure is simply wrong.

The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees reports that of the nearly 800,000 refugees arriving by sea in 2015, 52 percent are from Syria, followed by 19 percent from Afghanistan and 6 percent from Iraq. (Nearly 3,500 people were dead or missing because of the sea journey.) Obviously, both Afghanistan and Iraq are also war-torn countries.

About 650,000 refugees arrived in Greece, followed by nearly 150,000 in Italy.

UNHCR also says there are nearly 4.3 million registered Syrian refugees, with more than 2 million living in Turkey, 1 million in Lebanon and more than 600,000 in Jordan.

The former Arkansas governor gets this depressing factoid correct. In January of 2000, there were 17.3 million manufacturing jobs in the United States, according to government statistics. As of October this year, there were just 12.3 million manufacturing jobs.

Huckabee was also right to reach back to 2000, during the Bill Clinton presidency, as that was the high point for manufacturing in the past 20 years. Almost 5 million manufacturing jobs were lost during George W. Bush’s term in office — and the nadir was reached during President Obama’s term, when the United States had only 11.5 million manufacturing jobs. Some of those jobs have been recovered, but the total number of manufacturing jobs is still lower than when Obama took office.

None of the Democratic candidates have said they would boost tax rates so high, even on the wealthy.

Sen. Bernie Sanders, an independent from Vermont who is seeking the Democratic presidential nomination, has not yet released a tax plan, but he has repeatedly denied that he would increase taxes from the current marginal rate of 39.6 percent to as high as 80 or even 90 percent. (The marginal rate is what you pay on each additional dollar earned.) Sanders claims he would fund his $1 trillion plan to rebuild U.S. infrastructure by tapping corporate profits now stashed in overseas tax havens.

The United States had a marginal tax rate of 90 percent in the Dwight Eisenhower administration, and then John F. Kennedy proposed to reduce it to 70 percent. (The plan was approved by Congress after his assassination.) But even such rates would not take 90 percent of a person’s income.

The crime rate has been decreasing for decades, but you wouldn’t know it just listening to what Christie says about the rampant “lawlessness” in the country.

The violent crime rate has been decreasing steadily since 1991, despite overall population growth. The FBI Uniform Crime Report, which compiles data from law enforcement agencies, shows the violent crime rate decreased by 15 percent since President Obama took office in 2009. In 2011, the violent crime rate was the lowest it had been since 1971.

The murder rate also has been dropping in major American cities, including in New York City. This has been the trend for the past decade, even in cities that once were overrun by crime. This trend holds even despite a blip in some cities this summer.

It’s not entirely clear where Santorum got his figure, or how the father “living” at the time the child is born is an incentive not to marry the mother. Perhaps Santorum meant that the father was living in the home at the time the child was born, leading to his argument about cohabiting.

In any case, a 2014 Pew Research Center analysis of 2013 Census data show that 46 percent of children younger than 18 years old are living in a “traditional” family — a home with two married heterosexual parents in their first marriage. According to the analysis, 34 percent of children in 2013 were living with an unmarried parent, and most of the unmarried parents were single. Four percent of all children were living with two cohabiting parents.

Santorum may be referring to a report, referenced in a 2014 Associated Press article, by researchers at Harvard University and Cornell University that found found that at least half of mothers who were cohabiting when their child was born were still in relationships with the child’s biological father five years later. More couples are cohabitating, and the trend likely will continue because many couples are postponing marriage until their finances are more stable, according to the article, citing research by the National Center for Health Statistics.

The National Center for Health Statistics also found that nonmarital births increasingly are likely to occur among cohabiting couples, though the rate of births of unmarried women has decreased since the peak in 2008.

This is one of Jindal’s favorite boasts about his record, but he takes too much credit for saying he “cut” the state budget 26 percent.

The state budget in fiscal 2009, Jindal’s first budget after taking office in 2008, was $34.3 billion. In fiscal 2016, the proposed budget was $25.1 billion. That is a $9.2 billion decrease, or 26.8 percent.

But this budget decrease was not due to his executive decisions alone. Federal funding also decreased by $10 billion during those eight years, from $19.7 billion to $9.7 billion. Part of this decrease was due to waning federal funding for hurricane recovery, according to the Times-Picayune.",1
1951,OnPolitics | 's politics blog,"What you need to know about the election recounts

Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein intends to seek recounts in Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin.",1
5105,What I Learned From Speaking to an R.N.C. Attendee From Every State,"“I was in Kentucky when Sen. Rand Paul announced his candidacy and I worked on his campaign.”

So you're still warming up the idea of Donald?

“I’m here for a totally different reason . . .the issue I’m passionate about is medical cannabis oil to treat my autistic son. . . I was up here last week trying to get it in the platform.”",1
2987,"Final votes on Patriot Act, trade deal bill set dramatic stage for Congress’ return","The Senate’s failure to extend the USA Patriot Act will bring the legislation on NSA phone-record collection and other key surveillance activities perilously close to expiring on June 1, forcing senators to return early from recess for a rare Sunday session.

The Senate vote was just one of two this weekend that set the stage for dramatic showdowns on Capitol Hill in the coming weeks and months.

The GOP-led upper chamber passed bipartisan legislation Friday night to strengthen President Obama's hand in global trade talks. However, the legislation must now pass the Republican-led House, with help from Democrats because some conservative members oppose the legislation.

Speaker John Boehner supports the measure and says Republicans will do their part to pass it.

Dozens of House Republicans oppose the legislation either out of ideological reasons or because they are loath to enhance Obama's authority, especially at their own expense.

Senate and now House Democrats are showing little inclination to support legislation that much of organized labor opposes.

On the Patriot Act bill, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says he will bring the upper chamber back into session on Sunday, May 31 -- roughly 24 hours before the post-9/11 legislation expires.

Meanwhile, the National Security Agency is starting to winding down its bulk collection of domestic-calling records in preparation for the Senate voting again against the legislation, according to the Justice Department, which says the collection takes time to halt.

The Senate went into the early hours on Saturday morning to vote on the legislation before leaving Washington for Memorial Day recess.

By the time senators broke for the holiday, they had blocked a House-passed bill and several short-term extensions of the key provisions in the Patriot Act.

The main stumbling block was a House-passed provision to end the NSA collecting the phone-call metadata and instead have the records remain with telephone companies subject to a case-by-case review.

McConnell warned against allows the NSA and other key surveillance programs under the act to expire.

However, he and other key Republican senators oppose the House approach, backed by officials who argued it is the best way for the United States to keep valuable surveillance tools.

Fellow GOP Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul, also a 2016 presidential candidate, called the Senate's failure to allow the extension a victory for privacy rights.

""We should never give up our rights for a false sense of security,"" Paul said in a statement. ""This is only the beginning -- the first step of many. I will continue to do all I can until this illegal government spying program is put to an end, once and for all.""

The White House has pressured the Senate to back the House bill, which drew an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote last week and had the backing of GOP leaders, Democrats and the libertarian-leaning members.

But the Senate blocked the bill on a vote of 57-42, short of the 60-vote threshold to move ahead. That was immediately followed by rejection of a two-month extension to the existing programs. The vote was 54-45, again short of the 60-vote threshold.

McConnell repeatedly asked for an even shorter renewal of current law, ticking down days from June 8 to June 2. But Paul and other opponents of the post-Sept. 11 law objected each time.

At issue is a section of the Patriot Act, Section 215, used by the government to justify secretly collecting the ""to and from"" information about nearly every American landline telephone call. For technical and bureaucratic reasons, the program was not collecting a large chunk of mobile calling records, which made it less effective as fewer people continued to use landlines.

When former NSA contractor Edward Snowden revealed the program in 2013, many Americans were outraged that NSA had their calling records. President Obama ultimately announced a plan similar to the USA Freedom Act and asked Congress to pass it. He said the plan would preserve the NSA's ability to hunt for domestic connections to international plots without having an intelligence agency hold millions of Americans' private records.

Since it gave the government extraordinary powers, Section 215 of the Patriot Act was designed to expire at midnight on May 31 unless Congress renews it.

Under the USA Freedom Act, the government would transition over six months to a system under which it queries the phone companies with known terrorists' numbers to get back a list of numbers that had been in touch with a terrorist number.

But if Section 215 expires without replacement, the government would lack the blanket authority to conduct those searches. There would be legal methods to hunt for connections in U.S. phone records to terrorists, said current and former U.S. officials who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly. But those methods would not be applicable in every case.

Far less attention has been paid to two other surveillance authorities that expire as well. One makes it easier for the FBI to track ""lone wolf"" terrorism suspects who have no connection to a foreign power, and another allows the government to eavesdrop on suspects who continuously discard their cellphones in an effort to avoid surveillance.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
1653,Don’t write Donald Trump’s political obituary just yet: Why surging Ben Carson looks like a flavor of the month,"Trump has been the leader for several months now, but Carson appears to have broken through with key demographics, particularly evangelicals. The CBS report sums up Carson’s advantages well:

Carson has made gains across many key Republican groups. In a reversal from earlier this month, he now ahead of Trump among women and is running neck and neck with him among men. Carson’s support among evangelicals has risen and he now leads Trump by more than 20 points with this group. Carson performs well among conservative Republicans and those who identify as Tea partiers.

It’s not terribly surprising that Carson leads Trump among women and evangelicals: Trump is the misogynist par excellence and Carson is a proud religious fanatic – these are natural demographics for Carson. But Carson’s rising support among men and Tea Partiers, relative to Trump, is somewhat surprising.

Tea Partiers don’t do policy. Their project is essentially negative, which is why the GOP’s nihilism and obstructionism began in earnest when Tea Partiers were elected to Congress in 2010. Neither Carson nor Trump have anything resembling a platform or a plan. They’re outsiders with no political experience who want to disrupt the status quo – that’s a message that resonates with conservative men and Tea Partiers.

If there’s a difference, it’s that Trump is louder and more aggressively obnoxious than Carson, which ought to endear him to these demographics. Evidently, though, Carson’s unhinged nice guy routine is working. His new campaign ad perfectly illustrates both his appeal and his vacuousness.

In a 30-second TV spot, Carson manages to hit all the right conservative notes without coming close to explaining what he’s going to do. “I’m Ben Carson and I’m running for president,” he says. “The political class and their pundit buddies say: ‘Impossible. He’s too outside the box.’ Well, they do know impossible. Impossible to balance the budget, impossible to get border security, impossible to put aside partisanship…I’m Ben Carson, I’m running for president, and I’m very much outside the box.”

If you’re waiting for the part where he says how he’s going to balance the budget or get border security or put aside partisanship, you don’t know Ben Carson or the new GOP. Carson is basically doing the same thing as Trump: bashing the “political class” and promising to fix everything that’s broken – only Carson does so with a lukewarm smile whereas Trump pounds his fist on the table with Tri-State bravado. It doesn’t matter that neither candidate has a discernible plan to accomplish any of these things – the empty rhetoric is more than enough for Republican voters. One of the more interesting findings in the new CBS/NYT poll is that 55 percent of Trump backers say their support is firm, while 80 percent of Carson supporters say they could change their minds. This is good news for Trump; it suggests Carson is far more of a flavor of the month candidate than Trump. Whatever the reason, Trump has real staying power – he’s proven that. Carson, however, remains a question mark. He may well win in Iowa, thanks to his support among evangelicals, but the GOP’s last two Iowa winners – Santorum and Huckabee – lost the nomination. Trump, moreover, is well-positioned in the other early primary states like New Hampshire and South Carolina, where he remains comfortably ahead of Carson. Carson’s boost in the polls will be a boon to his campaign, but his long-term viability is still debatable. If this trend continues for another month or two, however, Trump might be in real trouble.",1
462,Raise the wage: Paul Krugman shatters the myth that we can’t afford to boost workers’ pay,"Three things are inevitable in this life: death, taxes, and conservative claims that we simply can’t afford to give low-wage workers a pay boost. Nobel Prize-winning economist takes on the latter inevitability in his New York Times column today, seizing on recent developments to illustrate why arguments against wage increases don’t withstand serious scrutiny.

Take McDonald’s announcement this week that it would pay its workers $1 above the minimum wage per hour at the 1,500 outlets owned and operated by McDonald’s itself. (The move, which still falls well short of what workers and their advocates seek, affects 90,000 workers, but it doesn’t apply to the 750,000 workers employed by McDonald’s 3,100 American franchisees.) While modest in scope,McDonald’s move — coming on the heels of similar wage boosts by bold-faced names like Walmart and Target — suggests that “[m]aybe it’s not that hard to give American workers a raise, after all,” Krugman writes.

While free market fundamentalists might retort that global competition will sink firms that boost worker pay, Krugman responds by noting that most American workers are “employed in service industries that aren’t exposed to international trade.”

What about technology? Isn’t it an unassailable maxim of modern economics that we can afford to pay larger wages only to highly skilled workers — ones who can’t be replaced by machines? As Mike Konczal wrote recently, technology is but a small part of the larger inequality phenomenon. The key factors, he pointed out, include tax policy, the financialization of the American economy, deunionization, and the conscious political choice not to raise the minimum wage.

What’s more, Krugman observes, “Workers are people; relations between employers and employees are more complicated than simple supply and demand.” This truism is borne out in empirical evidence, with comparisons of states that raised their minimum wages with neighboring states that didn’t showing that higher pay does not mean fewer jobs.

Similar factors explain another puzzle about labor markets: the way different firms in what looks like the same business can pay very different wages. The classic comparison is between Walmart (with its low wages, low morale, and very high turnover) and Costco (which offers higher wages and better benefits, and makes up the difference with better productivity and worker loyalty). True, the two retailers serve different markets; Costco’s merchandise is higher-end and its customers more affluent. But the comparison nonetheless suggests that paying higher wages costs employers a lot less than you might think. And this, in turn, suggests that it shouldn’t be all that hard to raise wages across the board. Suppose that we were to give workers some bargaining power by raising minimum wages, making it easier for them to organize, and, crucially, aiming for full employment rather than finding reasons to choke off recovery despite low inflation. Given what we now know about labor markets, the results might be surprisingly big — because a moderate push might be all it takes to persuade much of American business to turn away from the low-wage strategy that has dominated our society for so many years. There’s historical precedent for this kind of wage push. The middle-class society now dwindling in our rearview mirrors didn’t emerge spontaneously; it was largely created by the “great compression” of wages that took place during World War II, with effects that lasted for more than a generation.",1
2102,Obama’s Arctic Trip Comes as Climate Change Builds as 2016 Issue,"President Barack Obama’s trip to Alaska’s Arctic on Monday likely will reverberate much farther south, on the 2016 presidential campaign trail, where global warming is expected to emerge as a key issue.

His visit to the North Pole region, the first ever for a sitting president, coincides with a growing public consensus that the earth is heating up and that humans have something to do with it.",1
1530,Hillary Clinton should proactively set out ethics rules,"Richard J. Davis is a former assistant Watergate special prosecutor and assistant secretary of the treasury for enforcement in the Carter administration. The opinions expressed in this commentary are his.

(CNN) As we enter 2016, things certainly are looking more positive for Hillary Clinton than they appeared six months ago.

The email controversy , while not gone, is fading. The Benghazi House Committee has been exposed as more about politics than a serious examination of security failings. Vice President Joe Biden has decided not to challenge her in the primaries.

This then may be the ideal time for Clinton proactively to take steps to minimize the potential damage to her candidacy from other sources of controversy: the Clinton Foundation and speaking fees earned by former President Clinton. Such steps need to include significant restrictions on who the foundation will accept donations from as well as on where the former president will speak for money.

Taking these steps now is particularly important for Hillary Clinton because one area where her poll numbers remain problematic is whether she is viewed as honest and trustworthy . And, as demonstrated by a recent Washington Post article, there remains media interest in the extraordinary amounts of money the Clintons have raised for their political and philanthropic activities.

It is important to understand that the issue regarding the Clinton Foundation is not whether the foundation is (or was) a conduit for illegal bribes and it certainly is not about whether the foundation does truly humanitarian work. I am not aware of serious evidence that the former is the case. I am aware of many projects that the foundation has undertaken in the areas, among others, of global health and economic development, particularly in places where children and their mothers are severely disadvantaged. (Full disclosure: I am not supporting a candidate in the election at this point; I did contribute to the draft Biden movement before he decided not to run.)

The issue is how, at a time when Americans have understandably become cynical about government, and where money in politics is already out of control, do we avoid adding to the impression that our government is for sale, and how does this candidate demonstrate to an already super suspicious public that she truly is an honest person committed to ethical government.

In thinking about the foundation and speaking fees we are not operating on a clean slate. Questions have already been raised about how the foundation operated while Hillary Clinton served as secretary of state. Donations in the hundreds of thousands and sometimes millions of dollars were accepted by the foundation from foreign governments and others when they had issues being considered by the State Department.

Where we are talking about a foundation run by the secretary of state's husband, in both of these circumstances -- contributions to the foundation from those then having business before the department and the foundation doing business with the State Department -- the appearance of receiving favored treatment may be clearly present.

Clinton cannot avoid having to respond to questions about foundation activities and speaking fees while she was secretary of state. History cannot be rewritten. She can, however, meaningfully address this controversy by announcing now that if she becomes President the foundation will not do business with the United States government, and that neither the foundation nor her husband will accept fees or contributions either from foreign entities or from those doing business or seeking to do business with the government.

One objection to this approach might be that such restrictions would make it difficult if not impossible for the foundation to operate, or at least operate at its current level. The answer to this possible complaint is straightforward: No one is required to seek to become president of the United States, but if you do, you and your family simply cannot do certain things. And one of those things is accept fees or contributions that make it appear our government is for sale and that the way to influence U.S. policy is to contribute money to entities controlled by the President's family or pay huge fees to her husband.

If fees or contributions were made to the spouse of the President of Zimbabwe or her foundation we would not tolerate it and, indeed, our government might well investigate such payments under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. We certainly should not tolerate it if such payments involve the family of the President of the United States. Hillary Clinton should act now to address this problem before it becomes a larger threat to her candidacy.",1
2588,Israel hawks to Pope Francis: Stay out of politics,"There is an path for Democrats to regain the presidency — and it does not run through Ohio, Michigan or Wisconsin.",1
4797,Here’s What Clinton and Trump Must Do on the Debate Stage to Win the Night,Tonight’s presidential debate figures to be one of the most-watched political events in American history. Viewership for the first one-on-one showdown between Democrat Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump is expected to approach the 80 million who watched Ronald Reagan and Jimmy Carter in 1980. One-third of voters say the presidential debates will be very important in helping them […],1
5134,Both Clinton and Trump would bring a war-time posture to the White House,"Republican Donald Trump’s and Democrat Hillary Clinton’s efforts to portray themselves as assertive adversaries of the Islamic State terror group are increasingly defining the 2016 presidential race — and never more so than in the wake of the massacre in Nice, France, this week.

Although authorities have not yet tied the attack to jihadist-inspired terrorism, both candidates immediately responded to the latest in a string of attacks at home and abroad that have heightened voter anxiety by vowing aggressive efforts to combat the Islamic State.

They have done so in strikingly different ways, she with specific proposals and he with broad promises. But together, their messages effectively assure a war-time posture in the White House next year no matter who becomes president — and they mark a sharp departure on the campaign trail from the non-interventionist sentiment that then-Sen. Barack Obama rode into office eight years ago.

The intense jockeying was encapsulated in a round of dueling telephone interviews Thursday evening with Fox News host Bill O’Reilly, following the deadly truck attack in southeastern France that killed more than 80 people assembled to celebrate Bastille Day. The interview was especially notable for Clinton, who rarely speaks to Fox News but may have been trying to engage with conservative voters who care deeply about national security and may not be sold on Trump.

“We’ve got to do more to understand that this is a war against these terrorist groups, the radical jihadist groups,” Clinton said. “It’s a different kind of war. We need to be smart about how we wage it, but we have to be determined that we’re going to win it.”

In his interview, Trump ticked through a list of recent attacks as evidence that a change in management style at the top is a necessity to blunt future attacks.

“You look at San Bernardino. You look at Paris. A hundred and thirty people killed and so many injured in Paris from that attack. And you look at Orlando. It’s out of control,” Trump said. “And Bill, unless we get strong and you know, really strong and very, very smart leadership, it’s only going to get worse.”

[In truck rampage, experts see potential shift toward cruder, deadlier acts of terror]

The back-to-back interviews underscored the differences in the two candidates’ approaches. Trump has embraced the debate over terrorism to emphasize his proposed ban on most foreign Muslims — which Clinton vigorously opposes — and advance a muscular but nebulous strategy to stamp out terrorists abroad.

Clinton has been more specific, arguing for a “smart” but strong effort to combat the Islamic State, focusing on ratcheting up intelligence cooperation between the United States and its allies and fighting radical propaganda online.

Clinton must walk a fine line. Even as she pursues centrist Republicans, including veterans of the Bush administration’s foreign policy shop, she is trying to consolidate support among Democrats after a bruising primary with Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont. Many liberals already see her as too hawkish, going back to her vote for the war in Iraq in 2002, which contributed heavily to her primary defeat six year later against Obama.

“There’s a lot of concern about another war in the Middle East,” conceded Sen. Jeff Merkley (D-Ore.), a Sanders endorser who helped the candidate win a landslide in his own state’s primary. “But look, this is not a choice between Hillary Clinton and Gandhi. This is a choice between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, and I’d be far more terrified of Trump’s reckless foreign policy than of Hillary Clinton.”

Trump faces challenges of his own. While his freewheeling rhetoric and his controversial Muslim ban and proposed wall along the Mexican border were big hits in the Republican primary, they have exposed him to accusations in the general election that he is not serious and ill-prepared for the rigors of major security decisions.

With the Republican and Democratic conventions taking place over the next two weeks, Clinton and Trump will be auditioning on the national stage at a time when the public’s attention has been repeatedly directed to global terrorism threats.

“It’s an electorate that is profoundly insecure and unsure about what happens next both in terms of the economy and increasingly in terms of international policy and terrorism,” said Anita Dunn, former White House communications director in the Obama administration. “Making the case to the American people that you are the person to address their issues and to make the country feel secure again is really the predominant challenge for both campaigns.”

[Assailant was ‘entirely unknown’ to anti-terror units, prosecutor says]

In his Fox News interview, Trump said he would ask Congress for a war declaration on the Islamic State, a move rarely used in American history.

“If you look at it, this is war coming from all different parts. And frankly it’s war, and we’re dealing with people without uniforms,” Trump said.

In her interview, Clinton used similar language to describe the threat posed by the Islamic State. But asked on CNN whether she would endorse Trump’s proposal to seek authorization from Congress for war, she made clear that she has no intention of drawing U.S. or NATO troops into a fight with the Islamic State. She called it the Islamic State’s “dream” to pull U.S. ground troops into a war in the region.

“I would point people to read more about what the hopes and ambitions of ISIS happen to be,” Clinton said, using a common acronym for the group. “They would love to draw the United States into a ground war in Syria.”

“They actually think the end times could be hastened if we had some great confrontation in that region,” she added.

Hours after the coup attempt in Turkey, Clinton became the first candidate to issue a statement calling for calm and “respect for laws, institutions, and basic human rights and freedoms.” The sentiment closely echoed the comments of Obama and Secretary of State John F. Kerry and offered an implicit contrast with Trump, who had not yet commented on the situation.

Still, Clinton has not shied away from supporting an aggressive and frontal approach to the threat.

She has argued that the United States and its allies should continue to reclaim territory from the Islamic State, boxing their fighters into smaller and smaller territory. She has criticized allies in the region for not doing enough to stop radicalization within their own borders, and she called on countries including Saudi Arabia and Qatar to invest more in the global effort to fight the Islamic State.

She has also embraced the language of more conservative politicians. After the Orlando attack on a gay nightclub by a self-radicalized convert to the Islamic State, Clinton said “radical jihadist terrorism” and “radical Islamist terrorism” are virtually the same, after once refusing to use the word Islam in the context of terrorism out of concern that it would only embolden the enemy and enable recruitment.

Trump, like many Republicans, has repeatedly slammed Obama for refusing to use the term “radical Islamic terrorism.” And he has accused Clinton of moving closer to his point of view.

In fact, Clinton’s positions are not that divergent from the policies of the current White House. Her hawkishness has been mostly displayed through rhetoric, or by degree — though she has strayed from the president on a key issue, stating that the Islamic State threat cannot be “contained,” as Obama has stated, but rather must be “defeated.”

Liberal Democrats who support Clinton have struggled to get Sanders supporters past her foreign policy record. At Netroots Nation, the annual conference of progressives held this year in St. Louis, Clinton’s campaign was nearly invisible. Foreign policy, a focus of some past conferences, was discussed only at a few crowded panels.

Rania Khalek, 30, a journalist who has written critically of Clinton, said the Democrat poses a more direct threat to the Muslim world than Trump.

“People are not going to protest when she decides to put boots on the ground in Syria,” Khalek said. “People are not going to protest when she decides to give Israel more military aid. She has a record of killing people. Donald Trump doesn’t have that record, yet.”

Jennifer Miller-Smith, a 50-year old Clinton supporter from Florida, argued that some progressives subjected Clinton to tests they never demanded of Kerry or Vice President Biden — for example, their support for the Iraq War.

“Iraq was a long time ago, and she’s learned since then,” Miller-Smith said. “We’ve all learned since then.”

“Even I believed Colin Powell,” she said about the former secretary of state.

Charles Khan, 28, a financial reform activist who was in seventh grade at the start of the Iraq War, said that polling and politics might curb Clinton’s hawkish tendencies.

“I think Hillary is smart and doesn’t want to do anything that is unpopular,” Khan said. “With a huge majority of Americans not wanting to be involved in another war, that’s probably the stance she’d take.”",1
1535,"The GOP debate fear cauldron: According to the Republican candidates, you’re going to die","Tuesday night’s Republican presidential debate was the first since the Islamic State-inspired terrorist shooting in San Bernardino, California, and not surprisingly, most of the questions tossed out by CNN moderators dealt with national security and terrorism. In the days since San Bernardino, public fears over terrorism have grown, and President Obama has been doing what he can to tamp down anxiety and encourage people not to give in to the fear that terrorists work to inspire. But as the CNN debate made painfully clear, the Republican presidential candidates have quite the opposite goal in mind: They want everyone to be scared witless by the looming terrorist menace and worried that they will be the next to die.

New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, back on the main stage thanks to CNN’s expansive inclusion rules and his own improved poll numbers in New Hampshire, did the most to actively scare the shit out of every person unfortunate enough to be watching. In his opening statement he announced that “America has been betrayed” by “the leadership that Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton have provided to this country.” As proof of that betrayal and treason, Christie pointed to yesterday’s closing of the Los Angeles Unified School District “based on a threat.” He never got around to mentioning that the “threat” had long since been revealed as a hoax. But still Christie was worried about the “children filled with anxiety,” and the “mothers who will take those children tomorrow morning to the bus stop,” and the “the fathers of Los Angeles, who tomorrow will head off to work and wonder about the safety of their wives and their children.” They live in terror, these nameless gendered stereotypes, because Obama couldn’t protect them from the threat posed by “madbomber@cock.li.”

Asked what he would do to ensure that fear does not “paralyze” American in the aftermath of terrorism, Christie explained that paralyzing fear is, unfortunately, “the new normal under Barack Obama.” “Everywhere in America is a target for these terrorists,” he said, giving everyone a reason to be afraid always. Christie’s closing statement was a riff on 9/11. “Many of our friends and others in our neighborhood lost their lives that day.” Christie even offered himself as a menacing presence, leaning forward and shifting back and forth behind his lectern like a rhinoceros sizing up a Jeep full of safari tourists. His message all evening was blunt and terrifying: you will die, unless you vote for me.

Not far behind Christie was Sen. Marco Rubio, who made a point of spelling out in detail the menacing nature of the Islamic State. “This is the most sophisticated terror group that has ever threatened the world or the United States of America,” he warned. “This is a very significant threat we face. And the president has left us unsafe.” He made a special point of noting the Islamic State’s sophistication: “This is a radical jihadist group that is increasingly sophisticated in its ability, for example, to radicalize American citizens… This is not just the most capable, it is the most sophisticated terror threat we have ever faced.” He warned about “the next time there is an attack on this country” while pushing for reinstatement of metadata collection provisions in the Patriot Act. Sen. Ted Cruz went a slightly different route, linking Republican panic over Syrian refugees to both the San Bernardino terrorist attack (which had nothing to do with refugees) and the 2013 Senate immigration reform bill to score a bank-shot hit on Rubio: CRUZ: Because the front line with ISIS isn’t just in Iraq and Syria, it’s in Kennedy Airport and the Rio Grande. Border security is national security. And, you know, one of the most troubling aspects of the Rubio-Schumer Gang of Eight Bill was that it gave President Obama blanket authority to admit refugees, including Syrian refugees without mandating any background checks whatsoever. Now we’ve seen what happened in San Bernardino. When you are letting people in, when the FBI can’t vet them, it puts American citizens at risk. All in all it was a grim, bleak, and frightful debate that saw several leading candidates try to stoke heightened public anxiety over terrorism. There were no acknowledgements that acts of terrorism are exceptionally rare, with just “45 Americans killed in jihadist terrorist attacks” since 9/11. (More Americans have died as a result of homegrown right-wing terrorism, but that threat didn’t earn a single mention at the debate, even though one such attack took place just days before San Bernardino.) This was more about resurrecting the national security politics of the Bush years, when Republicans would conjure the threat of imminent terrorist slaughter on American soil to cast Democrats as weak and to justify the rollback of civil liberties in the interest of safety. A scared voter is a motivated voter, and Republicans have every interest in keeping people as terrified as possible.",1
5128,Clinton holds narrow lead over Trump on eve of conventions,"On the eve of the two national political conventions that will shape the images of the major-party presidential candidates, Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are in a competitive contest nationally but with the presumptive Republican nominee facing deficits on key character attributes and issues, according to a new Washington Post-ABC News poll.

The survey shows Clinton leading Trump by 47 percent to 43 percent among registered voters. That represents a shift in Trump’s direction since last month’s Post-ABC poll, which showed Clinton leading by 12 points. In the new poll, Clinton leads by 10 points among all adults — 50 percent to 40 percent — compared with a 14-point lead among this wider group last month.

Both candidates remain highly unpopular — the two most unpopular in the history of Post-ABC polling. By about 2 to 1 (64 percent to 31 percent), Americans view Trump unfavorably. Clinton’s numbers are not quite as negative — 42 percent favorable and 54 percent unfavorable. Half of all registered voters say they have strongly unfavorable views of Trump, while 47 percent say they have strongly unfavorable views of Clinton — the highest ever in a Post-ABC poll for her.

The survey also highlights the degree to which Americans are motivated by negative impulses rather than seeing the choice in positive terms. Almost 6 in 10 say they are dissatisfied with the choice of Trump vs. Clinton. Fifty-four percent of Clinton’s supporters say they are mainly voting against Trump, while 57 percent of Trump supporters say they are mainly voting against Clinton.

Given the dissatisfaction, there is the possibility that candidates from minor parties will attract the support of disaffected voters. In a four-way matchup that also includes Gary Johnson of the Libertarian Party and Jill Stein of the Green Party, the poll results are Clinton 42 percent, Trump 38 percent, Johnson 8 percent and Stein 5 percent.

The new poll comes after a tumultuous two weeks that included the killings of five police officers in Dallas and deadly shootings by police in Louisiana and Minnesota. As the calling for the poll was closing came news of an apparent terrorist attack in Nice, France. All these events have added to the tensions of a country on edge and heightened the importance of security and racial issues in the choice of a president.

The poll also comes after Clinton was spared prosecution by the government for her use of a private email server as secretary of state. But while avoiding any criminal charge, Clinton received a stern rebuke from FBI Director James B. Comey, who said she and her aides had been “extremely careless” in their handling of sensitive classified material in their email exchanges.

The previous Post-ABC poll showed Clinton with a larger lead than some other national surveys taken around the same time. Whether or how much the shift toward Trump in the current survey was affected by how the FBI investigation was resolved can’t be measured. Other recent polls show the difference in the race nationally to be in low single digits, with Clinton generally enjoying the advantage.

Republicans begin their nominating convention here in Cleveland on Monday and will conclude Thursday with the expected nomination of Trump, with Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana as his running mate.

The Democratic convention, in Philadelphia, will begin July 25, with Clinton poised to become the first woman nominated for president by a major party. She is still mulling her vice-presidential choice and met with several contenders Friday.

Trump hopes to produce a convention that helps to alleviate questions about his fitness to be president among many Americans, but he begins with an enormous deficit on that issue. The Post-ABC poll found that nearly six in 10 registered voters say he is not qualified to serve as president — with 49 percent saying they strongly believe that. Meanwhile, Clinton is seen as qualified to serve as president by 56 percent of voters.

Among Republicans and Republican-leaning independents, about 7 in 10 see Trump as qualified to be president — but almost one-quarter of that part of the electorate still questions the presumptive GOP nominee’s fitness.

The survey highlights familiar fault lines in the electorate. Trump leads among men, 49 percent to 41 percent, while Clinton enjoys an even larger margin among women, 52 to 38 percent. Voters ages 18 to 39 support Clinton 54 to 34 percent, while those 65 and older back Trump 51 to 42 percent. Those between 40 and 65 are almost evenly divided. Trump leads by 15 percentage points among white voters, while Clinton has a huge 52 percentage point lead among nonwhite voters.

At this point, the Democrats are slightly more united behind Clinton than Republicans are behind Trump. One goal of the Trump campaign is to leave Cleveland at the end of the week with the party more united and enthusiastic about the nominee. Currently, 86 percent of Democrats back Clinton, while 82 percent of Republicans back Trump.

Independent voters lean toward Trump, 47 to 41 percent, although winning independents is no guarantee of winning the presidency. Four years ago, Mitt Romney won among independents while losing to President Obama.

Clinton enjoys the support of 8 in 10 self-identified liberals, while 7 in 10 conservatives back Trump. Moderates go decisively for Clinton, 52 to 36 percent.

The contest between Clinton and Trump highlights one potential shift in the electorate that will be closely watched between now and November: the division among voters based on educational attainment.

Trump’s most important block of voters are whites without college degrees, who support Trump by a margin of 60 to 33 percent. But college-educated white voters have been shifting toward the Democrats, and the poll underscores that the competition for those voters will be hard-fought and potentially decisive in the election’s outcome. Republicans historically have carried the votes of whites with college degrees, and Romney won the group by 14 points over Obama four years ago.

The Post-ABC poll finds whites with college degrees are evenly divided — 43 percent Trump, 42 percent Clinton, with an outsize 10 percent volunteering support for “neither.” When gender is included in the analysis, the poll finds that white women with college degrees narrowly support Clinton, while white men with college degrees support Trump by a slightly larger margin.

Of seven issues tested, Clinton has double-digit advantages over Trump on three — race relations, handling an international crisis and immigration. Clinton has smaller edges on looking out for the middle class and handling terrorism, while Trump holds small edges on taxes and the economy.

Across six attributes, Trump has an 11-point margin among registered voters on the question of which candidate would do the most to bring needed change to Washington. By a margin of five points, he is seen as more honest and trustworthy. Clinton has a similar edge on empathy with people’s problems and representing people’s values and holds double-digit edges on having better judgment and having a presidential personality and temperament.

In an election that is likely to be framed as a choice of continuity with Obama’s policies vs. a change in direction led by a Washington outsider with no previous political experience, a bare majority of voters say they prefer experience in politics to someone outside the establishment. That’s a narrower margin than earlier in the year, when 59 percent said they favored a politically experienced candidate. The poll indicated there was growing support for an outsider among Republicans and independents.

Clinton’s trust deficit is highlighted on another question in the poll: whether she is too willing to bend the rules. Seven in 10 Americans (72 percent) said she is. The poll also asked whether respondents saw Trump as biased against women and minorities. On that question, 56 percent said yes. When people were asked which was the greater concern, a plurality (48 to 43 percent) cited Trump’s possible bias.

The Post-ABC poll was conducted July 11-14 among a random national sample of 1,003 adults reached on cellular and landline phones. Overall results have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3.5 percentage points; the error margin is 4 points among the sample of 816 registered voters.",1
4126,Kevin McCarthy announces he's a candidate for House speaker (+video),"The California congressman has worked by John Boehner's side for the past year. Now, he's actively seeking the top post.

House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy is officially declaring his candidacy for House speaker to replace John Boehner.

Boehner announced his resignation on Friday under pressure from conservatives.

McCarthy, who is Boehner's No. 2, sent a letter to GOP lawmakers on Monday pledging to fight for conservative principles — and asking for their support as the next speaker.

""If elected speaker, I promise you that we will have the courage to lead the fight for our conservative principles and make our case to the American people,"" McCarthy wrote in the letter to his House Republican colleagues. ""But we will also have the wisdom to listen to our constituents and each other so that we always move forward together.""

McCarthy is strongly favored to get the job though he faces a challenge from Florida Republican Rep. Daniel Webster.

He is currently serving his fifth term in Congress and has been endorsed by Boehner.

The Christian Science Monitor detailed McCarthy's background and his short term as House majority leader.

In his tenure as the deputy, McCarthy has been loyal to Boehner, for instance, “backing up the outgoing speaker's plan to remove a controversy over ""defunding"" Planned Parenthood from a stopgap spending bill that's needed to avoid a government shutdown next week. And he supported Boehner last year as one of only 28 Republicans to vote to raise the so-called debt limit without seeking concessions from Obama,” The Associated Press reports. After Boehner’s announced that he'll step down next month, McCarthy issued a statement calling Boehner a leader and a mentor, according to NBC News. ""It takes profound humility to step down from a position of power, and John's depth of character is unmatched."" McCarthy said. ""Now is the time for our conference to focus on healing and unifying to face the challenges ahead and always do what is best for the American people."" According to the Boston Globe, Republicans will hold their internal leadership elections Oct. 1 to avoid drawing out the process of electing a successor to Boehner. ""I'll tell Kevin, if he's the next speaker, that his No. 1 responsibility is to protect the institution. Nobody else around here has an obligation like that,"" Boehner told reporters on Friday. ""Secondly, I'd tell him the same thing I've just told you. You just do the right thing every day for the right reasons, the right things will happen.""

Material from Reuters was used in this article.",1
1222,Fall of the House of Bush: How last name and Donald Trump doomed Jeb,"For Jeb Bush’s campaign, August was a cruel month. Donald Trump’s attacks on the former Florida governor as a ­“low-energy” politician were beginning to stick, and the two were bickering over immigration. The issue before the Bush team was what to do about it.

Some advisers argued for an aggressive response, even to the point of challenging Trump to some kind of one-on-one confrontation. Others resisted, believing Trump’s candidacy was unsustainable, while some cautioned against getting “into a pigpen with a pig,” as one adviser recalled. Others described it as “trying to wrestle with a stump.”

Those summer days crystallized the plight of a campaign that had begun with enormous expectations and extraordinary resources, as the scion of one of America’s dynastic political families sought to follow his father and brother to the presidency.

At what would become a crucial moment, Bush’s team had no clear strategy for a rival who was beginning to hijack the Republican Party that the Bush family had helped to build, other than to stay the course set months earlier of telling Bush’s story to voters.

“There was no consensus,” senior strategist David Kochel said of the discussions about how to combat the threat of Trump’s candidacy. Other campaigns were wrestling with the same problems, but as the front-runner in the polls at the time, Bush would suffer more than the others.

On Saturday night, the candidacy that had begun with such promise ended quietly after a disappointingly weak fourth-place finish in South Carolina.

Ever the gracious realist, Bush announced in his concession speech that he would end his campaign as Trump continued to soar as the GOP front-runner. “I have stood my ground, refusing to bend to the political winds,” he said.

Whether Jeb Bush ever had a chance to win the Republican nomination in a campaign year that proved so ill fitting for a rusty politician who preferred policy papers to political combat is a question that will be debated long after the 2016 race has ended.

“Donald Trump channeled the worst fears, frustrations and anxiety of voters, but he also magnified those same feelings,” Sally Bradshaw, Bush’s chief strategist and confidant, said Sunday in an email. “It would be difficult for any solutions-oriented conservative to tackle Trump in this environment, much less one who was seen as having been so much a part of the establishment. He was never going to be an angry guy — and voters wanted angry.”

Mike Murphy, the chief strategist for Bush’s super PAC, Right to Rise, explained what had happened this way on Sunday. “Our theory was to dominate the establishment lane into the actual voting primaries,” he said. “That was the strategy, and it did not work. I think it was the right strategy for Jeb. The problem was there was a huge anti-establishment wave. The establishment lane was smaller than we thought it would be. The marketplace was looking for something different, and we’ll find out how that ends when we have a nominee.”

The result is one of the most startling failures in the modern history of American politics: the fall of the House of Bush. It is a human story about the struggles of one of the most successful former governors in America in his bid to become president, like his father and brother, set against the backdrop of one of the strangest political cycles the country has seen in years.

Beyond underestimating the anger in the electorate, three other problems led to Bush’s downfall. First, the candidate and his team misjudged the degree of Bush fatigue among Republicans.

Aides said an internal poll conducted last fall showed discouraging news: Roughly two-thirds of voters had issues with Bush’s family ties. “Bush stuff was holding him back,” said one aide who saw the polling data. “We obviously knew it was an issue, but even still, the gap between it and other issues — I don’t think we thought it would be that big.”

[For Jeb Bush, the challenge remains making it about ‘Jeb,’ not ‘Bush’]

Second, Bush and his team miscalculated the role and power of money and traditional television commercials in the 2016 race. During the first six months of 2015, Bush raised more than $100 million, most of it stockpiled in Right to Rise, a strategy that seemed right at the time but came at the cost of not dealing with other pressing needs.

“We didn’t use that time to introduce him as a unique brand,” said Vin Weber, an outside adviser. “We used it to raise money. I don’t want to say they made an obvious and clear mistake, but in retrospect, it was a mistake.”

The aggressive fundraising came to be known as “shock and awe,” an echo of the initial bombing of Iraq by U.S.-led forces before the 2003 invasion. In the campaign context, it could be read as code to other potential candidates to get out of the way. But the prodigious fundraising of Bush’s broad network scared off no one. As the Bush campaign would learn, every credible candidate today has a few billionaire friends who can enrich a super PAC. In the end, all that money came to symbolize frustration rather than power.

Third, Bush ran a campaign that, whether deliberate or not, was rooted in the past, managed by loyalists who admired Bush and enjoyed his confidence but who, like the candidate, found themselves in unfamiliar political terrain.

His advisers were convinced from the start that the more voters learned about what Bush had done as governor of Florida from 1999 to 2007, they would flock to him as their presidential candidate. Bush stubbornly held to that approach — even as evidence mounted that it was out of step with voters.

Doug Gross, a prominent Iowa Republican, recalled meeting with Bush in July 2014 in Kennebunkport, Maine, to talk about the impending campaign. “He definitely wanted to run. He’s always had it in him and knew this was his last chance,” Gross said. “He was trying to figure out how to do it his own way. I was struck by his obstinate avoidance of any political discussion. . . . He wanted to do it his way or no way.”

In contrast to the doldrums of August 2015, July seemed a glorious time for the Bush team. Early that month, Team Jeb gathered in Kennebunkport to celebrate that the campaign and two allied political committees had together raised nearly an unprecedented $120 million. The numbers were made public as nearly 300 major Bush fundraisers assembled to mingle with the Bush family and campaign advisers.

Guests were transported in black-and-red trolleys to Walker’s Point, the Bush family compound. The group gathered for a photo with former president George H.W. Bush and Barbara Bush.

That evening, Bush touted the team’s record fundraising as guests dined on lobster rolls and hamburgers at a luxury resort tucked among a forest of birch groves and balsam fir. “It was incredibly memorable to be there with several generations,” said Jay Zeidman, a Houston-based investor who helped raise money from young professionals.

The next day, the donors got briefings from senior Bush aides including Bradshaw, campaign manager Danny Diaz and finance director Heather Larrison. They laid out how the campaign planned to take on contenders such as Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas, Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie. Throughout, there was little mention of Donald Trump.

[That time Jeb Bush invited 300 top donors to his parents’ house]

“None of us thought he would last the summer,” said one person who was in attendance.

At that moment, however, Trump was already in the process of undermining Bush’s candidacy. If Bush had ever gone up against someone like Trump, it didn’t show. Trump was a new and different kind of rival, one given to personal insults rather than policy debates, who monopolized media coverage and got away with provocative statements that would have sunk normal politicians.

After marching in two July 4 parades on a rainy Saturday in New Hampshire, reporters asked Bush about Trump’s claim that Mexico was allowing immigrants to illegally cross into the United States. It was one of the hundreds of times he would face such questions.

Bush said “absolutely” he was offended by Trump’s rhetoric. “We’re going to win when we’re hopeful and optimistic and big and broad rather than ‘grrrrrr’ ” he said — literally, growling – “just angry all the time.”

That very night, Trump attacked Bush as soft on immigration and took aim as well at Bush’s wife, Columba, who was born in Mexico and entered the country legally — retweeting and then deleting a disparaging comment about her.

Nothing, however, cut as close to the bone as Trump’s claim that Bush was too “low-energy” to serve as president.

The accusation was laughable — until it began to stick. Trump’s charge was in fact a proxy for a different and more difficult argument to combat: that Bush was neither strong nor edgy enough for a party seething with anger at the grass roots.

[Inside the Bush-Trump melodrama: Decades of tension and discomfort]

“Nobody tapped into it, for all the polling, all the focus groups,” said Theresa Kostrzewa, a North Carolina lobbyist who raised money for the campaign. “The biggest thing they did was miss was just how angry the American electorate was and that Trump would be their Captain Ahab.”

Bush’s advisers would contest that claim. They could see the anger, they said. The issue was what to do about it. “Donors, political operatives and big thinkers from around the country urged us to ignore Trump for months,” Bradshaw said. “There was no one in the news media or the operative class at the time who felt Trump would ultimately be a serious contender for the nomination.”

At the same time, others feared that engaging Trump was almost beneath Bush and would thrust the candidate into a never-ending game of charge-countercharge. “Jeb should be bigger than this,” another aide recalled thinking.

Over at Right to Rise, Murphy sent a clear signal: Trump is not our fight right now.

“If other campaigns wish that we’re going to uncork money on Donald Trump, they’ll be disappointed,” Murphy told The Washington Post in late August. “Trump is, frankly, other people’s problem.”

At that moment, the Bush team’s analysis showed that no Trump voters were likely to shift their support to Bush. On Sunday, Murphy said that attacking Trump would only have benefited other candidates. Bush’s campaign needed to consolidate the establishment lane while hoping that Trump and Cruz would sort out the competition among the anti-establishment candidates.

Bradshaw also dismissed complaints from some donors that she cut the candidate off from advice. Noting that Bush long has been active on email, Bradshaw responded in a message by saying: “Donors constantly gave conflicting advice — attack Trump, don’t attack Trump; smile more; smile less — you look like you are smirking. I didn’t tell people they were wrong — not my style — I did a lot of listening, and I’m sure there were things we could have done better — but withholding info from the Governor simply did not happen in our campaign.”

For much of the autumn, Bush’s engagement with Trump was on-again, off-again — skirmish, then turning away. Not until late last year did he truly start a concerted and sustained series of attacks. Aides said Bush was particularly affected by the terrorist attacks in Paris and San Bernardino, Calif., and felt, as one adviser put it, that it was “time to stand up to the bully.”

“Jeb was the only candidate with the political courage at the time and frankly throughout the last six months to take on Trump directly for doing something that the governor felt was very harmful to the Party and to the country,” Bradshaw wrote. “There was no hesitation at that point given his comments about women, about Hispanics, his lack of knowledge on issues of national security and on and on.”

Bush’s failure to come to terms with one of the downsides of his family name came to a head over a four-day period in May, when he stumbled over the decision by his brother, former president George W. Bush, to go to war in Iraq.

Changing his answer on a daily basis, Bush came across as a flat-footed campaigner clearly uncomfortable articulating his views on the most critical moment of his brother’s presidency. But it also highlighted the ­double-edged nature of being a candidate named Bush.

In a January Washington Post-ABC News poll, nearly 6 in 10 Americans held an unfavorable view of Bush. He was the only Republican with a negative favorability rating: 44 percent said they had a favorable impression of the former governor while 50 percent rated him negatively. His rankings grew worse as the campaign progressed.

A fundamental weakness, supporters said, was the lack of a coherent rationale for Bush’s candidacy and the failure to make inroads with activists on the right. “At the end of the day, it wasn’t clear the name was ever surmountable,” said a Bush donor. “If the name was going to be surmounted, it would have to be because there was a fresh set of ideas.”

Bush offered ideas, but in a campaign dominated by Trump, they were ignored or lost to most voters.

One of the biggest tactical advantages Bush appeared to have early on — a richly endowed super PAC — was not the invincible weapon his team thought it would be. It cut off his access to a key adviser, Murphy, whom he installed at the group’s helm.

It also meant that during the first six months of last year, nearly all of the coverage about Bush focused on how he was socking away millions into the super PAC, all while maintaining that he had not decided whether to run. In an election brimming with anger toward the wealthy elite, Bush seemed almost flippant about his pursuit of big dollars.

Murphy was convinced that much of what was taking place was noise and that when the voters began to check in, the super PAC’s financial might would be overpowering.

First, the committee would use it to lay out Bush’s biography. Then, as necessary, the group would turn its arsenal on his rivals. “Our job is just to amplify his story and what he’s saying and we banked enough cash that nobody’s turning our speaker off,” Murphy told Bloomberg Politics in October.

Back at campaign headquarters, the team hewed to that timetable and sensibility. Once the Bush record was burned into voters’ minds, attitudes would shift, Bradshaw said at the time. A Bush donor complained, “Murphy had a timetable, and nothing mattered until December and January.”

By the end of January, Right to Rise had raced through at least $95.7 million out of the $118.6 million it had collected, according to Federal Election Commission filings. Almost $87 million went into a barrage of television ads, online videos, slick mailers and voter phone calls—to no avail.

Mel Sembler, a former Bush ambassador who helped raise money for the super PAC and served on its governance board, said he believes the group’s strategy was sound.

“We had confidence in Mike, and I think we did the best we could in deploying of resources,” Sembler said. “That’s not where the problem is. . . . The timing was not right for Jeb. Our candidate was just not connecting with the electorate.”

The final months were difficult for Bush. After a particularly weak performance during a debate in Boulder, Colo., in October in which Rubio appeared to get the better of him, there were suggestions that he might quit the campaign right then.

Reporters who made inquiries about the possibility were brushed off. In the middle of it all, Bush spotted a reporter who was a regular on the trail with him. “Hey — I didn’t drop out, did I?” he shouted. “You know, that kind of stuff really gets my juices going. I’m going to win this thing, and when I do — you’re going to give me a big hug.”

Through it all, Bush attempted to keep both good humor and determination in the face of the inevitable.

“I was stunned by how well he handled the last month of this campaign when the writing was on the wall,” said Tim Miller, Bush’s communications director. “It is hard to go out there every day and put on a fake smiley face. He was in really high spirits and didn’t lash out at people in private throughout the last two months.”

The final indignity in a campaign that had suffered through many came three days before Saturday’s primary, when South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley endorsed Rubio rather than a man she described as a friend and mentor.

When it ended Saturday night, Bush told saddened supporters: “We put forward details, innovative, conservative plans to address the mounting challenges that we face. Because despite what you might have heard, ideas matter, policy matters.”

His final remarks as a presidential candidate were a reflection of the campaign he had constructed from the start, one he had built to his unique specifications, which nonetheless proved to be a mismatch for a political environment that caught him by surprise — and for which he paid a hefty price.",1
2005,Mitt Romney Fans Speculation Over Another White House Run,"There were several reports this month, based on former and current aides, that Mitt Romney is actively weighing another presidential run. The biggest sign yet comes from a recent interview with The New York Times, where the former 2012 Republican nominee offered a less than Shermanesque response to the million-dollar question.

This was the obvious opening for me to ask if there was a chance. Romney's response was decidedly meta — ""I have nothing to add to the story"" -- but he then fell into the practiced political parlance of nondenial. ""We've got a lot of people looking at the race,"" he said. ""We'll see what happens.""

Buoyed by good poll numbers and a wide-open prospective Republican field, Romney went farther than his ""circumstances can change"" reply in August, and certainly miles forward from the, ""Oh, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no,"" answer in January.

If he does throw his hat into the ring for a third time, the former governor of Massachusetts told the Times that he would employ a cameraman -- essentially his own tracker -- to follow him around in order to guard against statements that derailed his 2012 campaign. ""I want to be reminded that this is not off the cuff,"" Romney said.

Romney said the tactic could potentially prevent another ""47 percent"" incident, which by his telling, was nothing more than a problem of setting.

""My mistake was that I was speaking in a way that reflected back to the man,"" Romney said. ""If I had been able to see the camera, I would have remembered that I was talking to the whole world, not just the man.""",1
3081,"Us vs Them: When Politics is Treated Like a Football Game, No One Wins","A collaborative effort between Patrick Miller of the University of Kansas and Pamela Johnston Conover of the University North Carolina at Chapel Hill offers new insight into the growing phenomenon behind political polarization in the United States. The study, titled Red and Blue States of Mind: Partisan Hostility and Voting in the United States, was published in Political Research Quarterly on March 30.

When Only Partisan Voters Vote, Only Partisan Candidates Are Elected

The authors argue that the voters who are most likely to participate in elections are those who hold a very strong partisan identity. As a result, elections become less about substance, and more reminiscent of a sports game, where the goal is to win at any cost. The University of Kansas news service summed up the study, saying:

“They found that many average voters with strong party commitments — both Democrats and Republicans — care more about their parties simply winning the election than they do either ideology or issues. Unlike previous research, the study found that loyalty to the party itself was the source of partisan rivalry and incivility, instead of a fundamental disagreement over issues.”

The trend toward greater polarization within the American electorate has been happening for years, but the contributing factors are numerous and complex

A study by Pew Research shows polarization has steadily increased since 2002. Miller and Conover’s study examined a few possible causes, one of which was the tendency for partisans to consume only media content that reinforces their own worldview.

In a video, Miller explained that these tendencies are having an impact on Congress itself by stifling compromise and breeding a political environment that lacks civility.

“We’re not thinking about politics in the way that most Founders wanted, which is to think about issues, be open to compromise and not be attached to parties,” said Miller. “We’re looking at politics through a simplistic partisan view in which we think our side is good and their side is bad.”

Among other things, the study found:",1
324,Manhunt shifts to lone cabin in upstate New York: Prisoner hideout?,"The hunt for two convicts who escaped from a maximum-security prison in New York has shifted back upstate, following an intense search near the Pennsylvania border this weekend.

Two Sunday attacks add to recent rise in fatal shootings of US police

New York State Police engage in a manhunt for two prisoners Richard Matt and David Sweat in Friendship, New York on Sunday. Heavily-armed police converged on towns in western New York state on Saturday to investigate possible sightings of the two convicted murderers who escaped a maximum-security prison two weeks ago, police said.

The latest sighting of two convicts who escaped from a New York prison now places them close to the Canadian border — more than 350 miles from where state police conducted their search less than a day before.

Investigators and military trucks arrived at Mountain View and Owls Head in Franklin County, N.Y., late Sunday in response to reports that a person had been seen fleeing from a hunting camp in the area after breaking into a cabin, Glenn MacNeill, acting Franklin County district attorney, told local NBC affiliate WPTZ.

The Associated Press reported Monday afternoon that State Police Maj. Charles Guess said at a news conference that authorities had ""specific items"" from the Adirondack cabin some 20 miles west of the prison and sent them to labs for DNA and other testing. He would not elaborate on the items but characterized the latest search effort — one of many over the past 17 days — as a confirmed lead.

""There are a number of factors that make this a complex search: the weather, the terrain, the environment and frankly the vast scope of the north country of the Adirondacks,"" Major Guess said.

Police said the cabin sighting was unconfirmed, but authorities nonetheless shifted the hunt for Clinton Correctional Facility inmates David Sweat and Richard Matt from a rural mountainous area near the Pennsylvania border to upstate New York.

Witnesses told WPTZ that helicopters are in the air and checkpoints are in place on roads in the area, which is 25 miles west of the prison where the two inmates used power tools to cut holes through their cell walls to escape on June 6.

Still, state police said in a news release late Sunday that though they will continue to respond to reports of sightings, a “primary focus of the search continues to be in the Dannemora area,” close to Clinton Correctional. The statement urged Dannemora residents to stay alert, adding:

If these men are spotted, please call 911 immediately. Do not approach, as both are considered to be very dangerous.... New York State is offering a reward of $50,000 for information that leads to the capture of either suspect ($100,000 for both). The U.S. Marshals Service has placed Sweat and Matt on their 15 Most Wanted Fugitives List, and is also offering a $25,000 reward for information that leads to the capture of either suspect.

“We will search under every rock, behind every tree and structure until we are confident that that area is secure,” State Police Maj. Michael J. Cerretto said at a news conference.

Sweat was serving a life sentence without parole for killing a sheriff's deputy, while Mr. Matt was doing 25 years to life for the 1997 kidnapping, torture, and murder of his former boss.

The Christian Science Monitor reported that prison worker Joyce Mitchell remained in custody on charges that she provided the two men hacksaw blades, chisels, and other tools to aid in their escape. She has pleaded not guilty.

Officials said a corrections officer also has been placed on administrative leave as part of the investigation into the men's escape.

State police will hold a media briefing with Clinton County District Attorney Andrew Wiley and County Sheriff Dave Favro on Monday at noon to provide updates on the search.",1
17,Stop the vendetta against Planned Parenthood,"THE STING videos targeting Planned Parenthood are hard to watch. Doctors talk clinically, some say callously, about harvesting fetal tissue. Technicians identify and isolate tiny organs. References are made to “it’s a baby” or “it’s another boy.” The videos were taken surreptitiously and were artfully edited to produce maximum discomfort about complicated issues that, for many, are inherently uncomfortable.

That truths were distorted to paint an inaccurate and unfair picture of a health organization that provides valuable services to women — as well as to demonize research that leads to important medical advances — doesn’t matter to antiabortion activists. Or, sadly, to the politicians who pander to them.

Planned Parenthood is under virulent attack for the role a small portion of its affiliates play in helping women who want to donate fetal tissue for medical research. The antiabortion group Center for Medical Progress has orchestrated a propaganda campaign accusing the nation’s largest provider of abortions of profiting from the illegal sale of fetal tissue, a charge refuted by Planned Parenthood.

None of the videos released shows anything illegal and, in fact, the full footage of Planned Parenthood executives meeting with people presumed to be buyers for a human biologics company include repeated assertions that clinics are not selling tissue but only seeking permitted reimbursement costs for expenses. Indeed, the Colorado clinic featured in the videos refused to enter into a contract with the phony company because of its failure to meet its legal and ethical standards.

Such facts, though, haven’t stopped officials in several Republican-led states, including Texas, Louisiana and Ohio, from launching investigations of Planned Parenthood, even though affiliates in those states don’t facilitate fetal tissue donations. In Washington, Senate Republicans have fast-tracked a bid to defund Planned Parenthood, with a vote set for Monday. Fortunately, it’s unlikely there will be 60 votes to advance the bill, as cutting off funds to Planned Parenthood would be irresponsible.

No federal money is used by Planned Parenthood to provide abortions except in some rare exceptions. So cutting off government funds, mostly through Medicaid and grants, would only hurt the thousands of people, most of them low-income women, who each day depend upon Planned Parenthood for birth control, cancer screenings, testing and treatment for sexually transmitted infections and other health services. Given that many of the clinics are in medically underserved areas, it’s a myth, as Republicans claim, that other providers can fill the gap. Shutting down clinics would make it harder for many women to obtain birth control — and the last thing either side of the abortion debate should want is an increase in unwanted pregnancies that result in more abortions.

We are under no illusions that the vendetta against Planned Parenthood will end. Conservative Republicans are already threatening to shut down the federal government in the fall by blocking any spending that includes money for Planned Parenthood. It’s clear from how quickly Republican presidential hopefuls seized on the issue that it will be a staple of the campaign trail. Consequently, it’s important that congressional Democrats and others continue to stand up for Planned Parenthood and the women whose health depends upon its services.",1
1005,Ted Cruz victory shows GOP's impossible conundrum (+video),"The Wisconsin GOP primary suggests that, no matter what the Republicans do from here on out, they will anger some major faction of a fractured party.

Ted Cruz accomplished what he set out to do in the Wisconsin Republican primary: beat front-runner Donald Trump soundly, winning most of the state’s delegates and raising the probability of a contested GOP convention in July.

But Senator Cruz’s big victory – he beat Mr. Trump by 13 points, 48 percent to 35 percent – doesn’t prove that he is “uniting the Republican Party,” as he claimed in his victory speech Tuesday night. It merely demonstrates that the Texas senator is consolidating his role as the “anti-Trump” in a presidential nomination race that has plunged the GOP into crisis.

The Wisconsin exit polls tell the story.

“More than half of Cruz’s supporters, and two-thirds of [Ohio Gov.] John Kasich’s, said they were ‘scared’ of what Trump would do in the White House – a remarkable rejection of the leading candidate in the race,” write analysts for ABC News.

“Notably, among Cruz’s own voters, only a quarter were excited about what he’d do as president – further suggesting that he garnered substantial anti-Trump, not necessarily, pro-Cruz, support.”

Governor Kasich underperformed in Wisconsin with only 14 percent of the vote, but he remains adamant about taking his campaign to the convention as the only “mainstream” Republican still in the race. The effect, though, has been to split the anti-Trump vote.

Perhaps more troubling for the GOP were responses to how Wisconsin Republicans would vote in the general election. If Trump is the party’s nominee against Democrat Hillary Clinton, only 61 percent of GOP primary voters said they would vote for him; 19 percent said they would vote for a third-party candidate, 10 percent said they would vote for Mrs. Clinton, and 8 percent said “no one.”

If it’s Cruz vs. Clinton in November, only 66 percent of Wisconsin Republicans said they’d back Cruz; 18 percent said they’d vote third party, 6 percent said Clinton, and 6 percent said “no one.”

These numbers are similar to national polling that shows a deep divide within the GOP between Trump supporters and Republican voters who oppose him. It’s also true that, inevitably, as Election Day nears, many unhappy voters will surely end up holding their nose and voting for their party’s nominee anyway. Clinton, in particular, inspires revulsion among many Republicans.

But Trump is no mere Republican candidate. The brash billionaire inspires rock-solid loyalty among a third of the GOP electorate, including the first-time voters he has lured into the process with his populist, nativist message. If Trump is not the nominee, many of his supporters say, they will abandon the party altogether – especially if they believe Trump is treated unfairly at the convention.

On the issue of “fairness,” one exit poll question was particularly devastating to the Republican establishment: If no one wins a majority of the delegates before the convention, whom should the party nominate? voters were asked. A majority,  55 percent, said “the candidate with the most votes in the primaries.” Only 43 percent said “the candidate who the delegates think would be the best nominee.”

“In all likelihood, Donald Trump will go to the convention with the most delegates. Wisconsin doesn’t really change that,” says Matthew Kerbel, chairman of the political science department at Villanova University in Philadelphia.

If Trump arrives at the convention without a majority of the delegates, then it becomes easier to deny him the nomination.

“But the cost of denying him is to split the party,” says Professor Kerbel. “And the cost of not denying him is it becomes his party, and Donald Trump becomes the face of the party.”

That could have a profound impact on other Republicans on the ballot.

Among general election voters, Trump has sky-high negatives. Cruz and Clinton also have high negatives – but not close to Trump’s. Kasich argues he’s the most electable, and general election matchups bear that out, but his path to the nomination through a contested convention is impossibly narrow. He’ll need to convince a deadlocked convention that a candidate who finished at the back of the pack deserves to jump the line. His argument is “electability” – polls do show him performing better than Trump or Cruz against Clinton. But Tuesday’s exit polls showed electability held little sway with voters.

The next test comes in two weeks with the New York primary – home turf for both Trump and Clinton, who, like Trump, needs to overcome an embarrassing defeat in Wisconsin. Clinton’s 13-point loss to Bernie Sanders – 56 to 43 percent – was nevertheless expected. Wisconsin’s electorate is largely white, and very liberal, both playing to the Vermont senator’s strengths. Trump also wasn’t a good fit for Wisconsin, both demographically and culturally.

Before Wisconsin, New York polls showed both Trump and Clinton well ahead of their top competitors. If either underperforms, it will be clear that Wisconsin was a turning point. Both will be damaged, but still on track to head to their respective conventions with the most delegates. The math, at this stage in the race, is almost impossible to overcome.",1
4050,"US pullout from Yemen eases pressure on Al Qaeda, lawmakers warn","The evacuation of American diplomats, soldiers and even CIA operatives from Yemen is stirring deep concerns that the U.S. is losing a vital foothold in territory that the most notorious Al Qaeda affiliate calls home.

The White House says Defense Department officials remain on the ground and are coordinating with Yemeni counterparts, but the retreat of most U.S. personnel is seen as a significant setback for what had been a cornerstone of American counterterrorism operations.

""Bottom line is increased danger to the United States homeland,"" House Armed Services Committee Chairman Mac Thornberry, R-Texas, told Fox News.

President Obama last fall, in announcing military action against the Islamic State, cited counterterrorism efforts in Yemen as a model and a success story.

But Thornberry said there is now ""less pressure"" on America's chief enemy in that region, Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, which he described as a ""serious"" threat.

""That makes it easier for them to plot and plan against us,"" he said.

The State Department confirmed earlier this week it had closed the U.S. Embassy in Yemen and evacuated its staff because of the political crisis and security concerns following the takeover of much of the country by Iran-linked Shiite Houthi rebels.

But The Washington Post reported that the embassy closure also has forced the CIA to withdraw personnel. Officials told the Post the CIA has pulled ""dozens"" of operatives and other staffers from the country, including senior officials who were working with Yemen's government against Al Qaeda operatives.

One former U.S. official called the development ""extremely damaging"" to the CIA mission there.

Some CIA personnel reportedly remain in Yemen as the agency tries to maintain its intelligence network. But coordination with Yemeni agents undoubtedly becomes more difficult.

House intelligence committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., predicted the pull-out would ""hinder the United States' campaign against al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula,"" the group which claimed responsibility for the recent Paris terror attack -- and which has attempted attacks inside the U.S. over the past several years.

Nunes also said the chaos in Yemen should fuel concerns about Iran -- with whom the U.S. and other countries are negotiating regarding its nuclear program -- since the Yemen rebels are Iran-backed.

Yemen has been in crisis for months, with Houthi rebels besieging the capital and then taking control.

The Houthis last week dissolved parliament and formally took over after months of clashes. They then placed President Hadi and his Cabinet ministers under house arrest. Hadi and the ministers later resigned in protest.

On Tuesday, U.S. officials said the embassy closure would not affect counterterrorism operations against Al Qaeda's Yemen branch.

""The United States remains firmly committed to supporting all Yemenis who continue to work toward a peaceful, prosperous and unified Yemen,"" State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said. ""We will explore options for a return to Sanaa when the situation on the ground improves.""

Both the CIA and the military's Joint Special Operations Command run separate drone killing programs in Yemen, though the CIA has conducted the majority of the strikes, U.S. officials have said.

On Wednesday, White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest also said counterterrorism operations are still ongoing.

""There continue to be Department of Defense personnel ... on the ground in Yemen that are coordinating with their counterparts in Yemen ... and continuing to carry out the kinds of actions, the counterterrorism actions that are necessary to protect the American people and our interests,"" he said.

Earnest stressed that Yemen has long had a weak central government and faced challenges, but the U.S. nevertheless has ""succeeded in applying significant pressure to the AQAP leadership that's operating in Yemen.""

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
419,Obama trade bill in trouble,"“We obviously spoke about my passion and his passion, which [is] veterans and veterans issues,” he said.",1
3897,Secret Service testing ways to intercept rogue drones with late-night flights over Washington,"Mysterious, middle-of-the-night drone flights by the U.S. Secret Service during the next several weeks over parts of Washington -- usually off-limits as a strict no-fly zone -- are part of secret government testing intended to find ways to interfere with rogue drones or knock them out of the sky, The Associated Press has learned.

A U.S. official briefed on the plans said the Secret Service was testing drones for law enforcement or protection efforts and to look for ways, such as signal jamming, to thwart threats from civilian drones. The drones were being flown between 1 a.m. and 4 a.m. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because this person was not authorized to publicly discuss the plans. The Secret Service has said details were classified.

Some consumer-level drones, which commonly carry video cameras, are powerful enough to carry small amounts of explosives or a grenade.

The challenge for the Secret Service is quickly detecting a rogue drone flying near the White House or the president's location, then within moments either hacking it to seize control over its flight or jamming its signal to send it off course or make it crash.

The Secret Service has said only that it will openly test drones over Washington, but it declined to provide details such as when it will fly, how many drones, over what parts of the city, for how long and for what purposes. It decided to tell the public in advance about the tests out of concern that people who saw the drones might be alarmed, particularly in the wake of the drones spotted recently over Paris at night. Flying overnight also diminishes the chances that radio jamming would accidentally affect nearby businesses, drivers, pedestrians and tourists.

It is illegal under the U.S. Communications Act to sell or use signal jammers except for narrow purposes by government agencies.

Depending on a drone's manufacturer and capabilities, its flight-control and video-broadcasting systems commonly use the same common radio frequencies as popular Wi-Fi and Bluetooth technologies. Jamming by the Secret Service -- depending on how powerfully or precisely it works -- could disrupt nearby Internet networks or phone conversations until it's turned off. Testing in the real-world environment around the White House would reveal unexpected effects on jamming efforts from nearby buildings, monuments or tall trees.

Signals emanating from an inbound drone -- such as coming from a video stream back to its pilot -- could allow the Secret Service to detect and track it.

Federal agencies generally need approval to jam signals from the U.S. telecommunications advisory agency, the Commerce Department's National Telecommunications and Information Administration. That agency declined to tell the AP whether the Secret Service sought permission because it said such requests are not routinely made public.

The Federal Aviation Administration has confirmed it formally authorized the Secret Service to fly the drones and granted it a special waiver to fly them over Washington. The agency declined to provide specifics about the secret program.

In January, a wayward quadcopter drone, piloted by an off-duty U.S. intelligence employee, landed on the White House lawn. At the time, the Secret Service said the errant landing appeared to be accidental and was not considered a security threat.

The agency had been looking at security issues surrounding drones before the January crash, but the crash of that drone led the agency to focus more attention on security issues surrounding small, unmanned aircraft that can be hard to detect. Previously published reports have disclosed that the Secret Service already uses jammers in presidential and vice presidential motorcades to disrupt signals that might detonate hidden remotely triggered improvised explosive devices.

Researchers with the Homeland Security Department's science and technology directorate are working on strategies to interdict an unauthorized drone flying inside security areas. The research arm of DHS is trying to balance security concerns of the small, hard-to-detect devices, with the burgeoning commercial use and interests of hobbyists. Likewise, the National Telecommunications and Information Administration said last week it's studying how the U.S. can resolve privacy risks with increasing use of drones.

The Homeland Security Department hosted a two-day meeting last month with industry officials, law enforcement and academics to discuss balancing security and commercial interests and establishing security practices. Days later, the Secret Service, which is part of the Homeland Security Department, distributed a three-sentence press release saying it will ""conduct a series of exercises involving unmanned aircraft systems, in the coming days and weeks.""

Trying to keep drones out of a secure area can be tricky.

There are basically three ways to stop a drone, said Jeremy Gillula, a staff technologist at the Electronic Frontier Foundation: block the radio signals linking the drone to its controller, hack the aircraft's control signals and trick it into believing it is somewhere else, or physically disable it. Some drone manufacturers program a ""geo fence"" -- location coordinates their drones treat as off-limits and refuse to fly past -- into the drone's programming. Police could physically knock a drone out of the air with a projectile or use a net to catch it.

""If it were me that would actually be the first thing I would think about doing,"" Gillula said. ""You would have to basically encase the White House in this net. It sure wouldn't look pretty, but in some ways it would be the most effective way.""",1
3761,Source: Baltimore mayor ordered police to stand down,"Despite a firm denial by Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake, a senior law enforcement source charges that she gave an order for police to stand down as riots broke out Monday night, raising more questions about whether some of the violence and looting could have been prevented.

The source, who is involved in the enforcement efforts, confirmed to Fox News there was a direct order from the mayor to her police chief Monday night, effectively tying the hands of officers as they were pelted with rocks and bottles.

Asked directly if the mayor was the one who gave that order, the source said: ""You are God damn right it was.""

The claim follows criticism of the mayor for, over the weekend, saying they were giving space to those who ""wished to destroy.""

By Tuesday night, despite the chaos a day earlier, Baltimore police along with the National Guard and other law enforcement contingents seemed to be restoring order in the city, which was under a curfew overnight.

Rawlings-Blake has defended her handling of the unrest, which grew out of protests over the death of Freddie Gray while in police custody.

The mayor, in an interview with Fox News' Bill Hemmer on Tuesday, denied any order was issued to hold back on Monday.

""You have to understand, it is not holding back. It is responding appropriately,"" she said, saying there was no stand-down directive.

She said her critics have a right to their opinion.

Meanwhile, U.S. Attorney Loretta Lynch, just days into the job, addressed the unrest on Wednesday. She offered her ""deepest condolences"" to the Gray family, but said the ""senseless acts of violence"" are a ""grave danger to the community"" and ""counterproductive."" She reiterated that the FBI and DOJ civil rights unit are investigating, and ready to offer assistance.

She said she's been in direct contact with Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan and others.

On Monday, Hogan suggested the mayor waited too long to request a state of emergency.

That followed criticism over her remarks over the weekend, when she said it's important to give protesters the opportunity to exercise their right to free speech.

She seemed to take that notion a step further: ""It's a very delicate balancing act, because, while we tried to make sure that they were protected from the cars and the other things that were going on, we also gave those who wished to destroy space to do that as well.""

As her ""destroy"" remarks faced a buzzsaw of criticism amid the riots Monday, the mayor initially tried to deny she said them.

""I never said nor would I ever say that we are giving people space to destroy our city, so my words should not be twisted,"" the mayor said Monday.

In a press conference, she accused critics of a ""blatant mischaracterization.""

But her office eventually released a written statement acknowledging she said those words -- while attempting to explain them.

Howard Libit, director of strategic planning and policy, said: ""What she is saying within this statement was that there was an effort to give the peaceful demonstrators room to conduct their peaceful protests on Saturday. Unfortunately, as a result of providing the peaceful demonstrators with the space to share their message, that also meant that those seeking to incite violence also had the space to operate. ...

""The mayor is not saying that she asked police to give space to people who sought to create violence. Any suggestion otherwise would be a misinterpretation of her statement.""

On Wednesday, Ben Carson, a potential Republican presidential candidate who was a pediatric neurosurgeon at Baltimore's Johns Hopkins, urged against ""piling on"" the mayor, whom he knows.

He told Fox News the bigger issue is what big-city mayors should be doing to prepare - early - for situations like this, particularly in what he described as a ""tinderbox"" atmosphere.",1
4197,Jane Sanders to FBI: Get on with Clinton email probe,"The FBI should get the lead out on its investigation over Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server during her time as secretary of state, Jane Sanders said Thursday.

During an interview with Neil Cavuto aired Thursday on Fox Business, the wife of Bernie Sanders and one of his closest political advisers also said that the campaign would continue to draw distinctions with Clinton on policy issues and not personal affairs.

Sanders noted that her husband's campaign has said as much from the very beginning of the campaign, particularly after he remarked during the first Democratic debate that the American people are ""sick of hearing about your damn emails.""

But Jane Sanders also noted that the Democratic candidate said there was a process, remarking that the FBI investigation is going forward.

""We want to let it go through without politicizing it, and then we’ll find out what the situation is. And that’s how we still feel,"" Sanders said. ""I mean, it would be nice if the FBI moved it along,"" she added, with a laugh.",1
193,"Happy New Year, Wall Street: Congress Has Another Gift For You","The Volcker Rule is a key reform adopted after the 2008 financial meltdown that bans banks from gambling in securities markets with taxpayer money -- a tactic known as proprietary trading. But under legislation slated for a Wednesday vote, banks would be given a two-year reprieve from unloading some of their riskiest holdings -- known as collateralized loan obligations.

The deregulation measure is one of 11 changes to the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform law that Republicans will bring to the floor under a single bill Wednesday. The legislation can only pass the House if dozens of Democrats support it, since the bill will be brought up under special rules that require a two-thirds majority for approval. Rep. Keith Ellison (D-Minn.) will lead the opposition to the bill for Democrats on the House floor. Ellison will likely be opposed by House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer (D-Md.), who voted for a similar bill in April, and supported the bank subsidy in December.

“One day into the new Congress, House Republicans are picking up right where they left off: trying to gut Wall Street reforms so that big banks can make more risky bets using taxpayer-backed money,"" Warren said. ""This is yet another big bank giveaway that makes our economy and middle class families less safe.”

""It's all about the bonus pool,"" said Dennis Kelleher, president and CEO of Better Markets, a financial reform nonprofit. ""The attack on the Volcker Rule has been nonstop, because proprietary trading is about big-time bets that result in big-time bonuses. Wall Street has been fighting it from day one, and they're not going to stop.""

""It's absurd,"" said Marcus Stanley, policy director at Americans for Financial Reform. ""It's getting on five years after the passage of the Volcker Rule, and the banks have still not actually been required to stop doing anything that they want to be doing. And anytime we get close to the point where they could, somebody comes in with an extension.""

Collateralized loan obligations, or CLOs, are complex contracts similar to the mortgage securities that crashed the economy in 2008. To create a CLO, banks package dozens of risky corporate loans together and sell slices to investors. The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, a major bank regulatory agency, warned in December that the corporate debt market is overheating and becoming increasingly dangerous.

The nation's largest banks dominate the CLO market. According to an April letter from five federal regulators, banks with at least $50 billion in assets hold between 94 percent and 96 percent of the domestic market, valued at $84 billion to $105 billion.

A similar version of the bill was initially introduced by Rep. Andy Barr (R-Ky.) and cosponsored by Rep. Brian Higgins (D-N.Y.), passing the House by a voice vote in April. The legislation received another vote in September, when it passed the House 320 - 102, with 95 Democrats voting in favor and just one Republican, Rep. Walter Jones (R-N.C.) voting against it.

""Alvarez wants to kill the Volcker Rule, so it's being delayed until they can kill it. He made the decision to delay it until 2017, and this is consistent with that strategy,"" a frustrated Democratic aide told HuffPost.

Alvarez -- a bank-friendly holdover from the years when Alan Greenspan chaired the Fed -- in December delayed the moment of truth for a host of other risky bank investments through 2017. The Federal Reserve wasn't immediately available for comment after normal business hours.

The flurry of activity on the Volcker Rule follows the December passage of a $1.1 trillion spending bill that included subsidies for risky Wall Street derivatives trading. The bill repealed a key section of President Barack Obama's 2010 financial reform legislation. Obama said that he opposed the plan, but didn't want to derail the broader spending bill over it.

If the latest bill to aid big banks clears the House, the Republican-controlled Senate likely has the votes to pass it as well, unless new filibuster rules provide Democrats with more leverage. Obama has the authority to veto the legislation, but bank watchdogs are wary of Obama after his support for the December spending bill that included the Wall Street subsidy.",1
1014,Rivals Slam Trump over Violent Rallies: 'He Incites Violence',"Five key states will hold Republican and Democratic primaries on Tuesday. The outcome could define the race for both parties.

But as voters prepare to head to the polls, controversy over a string of violent brawls continues to swirl around Donald Trump.

At a Trump rally in Ohio Sunday, Secret Service agents rushed to protect the Republican frontrunner after a protestor stormed the stage. And at other rallies throughout the weekend, Trump was constantly interrupted by hecklers.

Five key states will hold Republican and Democratic primaries on Tuesday. CBN News' David Brody shares his thoughts on the upcoming contests and how they could define the race for both parties. Watch below:



Even so, his Democratic rivals are placing the blame squarely on him.

""He actually incites violence in the way that he urges his audience on,"" Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton charged.

""Trump has to get on the TV and tell his supporters that violence in the political process in America is not acceptable, end of discussion,"" Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vermont, said.

But Trump has refused to take responsibility for clashes at his campaign events. He insists outside agitators are at fault, and even laid some of the blame on Sanders supporters – and indeed many of the Vermont senator's supporters did show up.

""It was totally organized, troublemakers, troublemakers,"" Trump said. ""They are not protestors; they are disrupters. They are supposed to disrupt.""

But with hours left to go before voters head to the polls in Tuesday's five critical states, Trump's Republican rivals aren't backing down.

""This will be a disaster for the country because if Donald is the nominee, it makes it much, much more likely that Hillary Clinton wins the general,"" Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, said.

""We've reached the point in this country where our political discourse looks like the comments section of a blog where people can just say whatever they want about anyone without any rules of civility, no norms that govern how we interact with one another,"" he said.

Still, polls show Trump will likely be the big winner Tuesday, except perhaps in Ohio, where Gov. John Kasich is out front with 39 percent.

Meanwhile in Florida, with 99 delegates and winner takes all, it's a must-win for Rubio. But a CBS poll has him currently in third place. Experts say a defeat in his home state would likely kill his campaign.

Meanwhile, the Democrats were the butt of the joke in a fake Saturday Night Live campaign commercial showing Clinton, played by Kate McKinnon, slowly-- and literally -- transforming into rival Bernie Sanders just to win more young supporters.

""As Millennials, your voice is important. You're the ones who will decide this election,"" McKinnon says. ""And luckily, I Hillary Clinton, share all of your exact same beliefs...""

""I'm whoever you want me to be and I approve this message,"" she says, drawing laughter from the audience.

Jokes aside, Clinton is hoping to add to her lead in the delegates as polls show her ahead of Sanders in all five states.

Whatever happens, the outcome of Tuesday's primaries will be critical for both the Republican and Democratic candidates and the results are almost certain to shape the dynamics of the race.",1
126,Oklahoma Fraternity Is Closed Over Video Of Racist Chant,"Oklahoma Fraternity Is Closed Over Video Of Racist Chant

Responding to a video that allegedly shows members of its University of Oklahoma chapter chanting racist slurs about African-Americans and lynching, the national office of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity has closed the chapter and suspended its members.

The video reportedly captured a scene of members of the fraternity, dressed in formalwear, chanting slurs as they rode on a chartered bus. It surfaced Sunday, immediately drawing wide condemnation for the chant's mention of lynching and the promise that the fraternity will never have a black member.

Update at 2:15 p.m. ET: More Reaction From School President

""To those who have misused their free speech in such a reprehensible way, I have a message for you. You are disgraceful,"" says University of Oklahoma President David Boren. ""You have violated all that we stand for.""

He added, ""Real Sooners love each other and take care of each other like family members.""

Boren said he has ordered all ties severed between the school and the SAE chapter, stating, ""I direct that the house be closed and that members will remove their personal belongings from the house by midnight tomorrow.""

""The fraternity's national president Brad Cohen said he called a board meeting Sunday night when the organization learned of the incident, and decided to close the chapter immediately. ""Students were seen moving their belongings out of the house in Norman late last night and early this morning. A minority-rights student group hosted a protest Monday morning on the University of Oklahoma's campus. ""In a statement last night, OU President David Boren called the behavior 'reprehensible' and contrary to the university's values.""

Late Sunday night, the national fraternity posted a statement about the Oklahoma incident, saying:

""We apologize for the unacceptable and racist behavior of the individuals in the video, and we are disgusted that any member would act in such a way. Furthermore, we are embarrassed by this video and offer our empathy not only to anyone outside the organization who is offended but also to our brothers who come from a wide range of backgrounds, cultures and ethnicities.""

Sigma Alpha Epsilon was founded in 1856, at the University of Alabama; the fraternity initially confined its growth only to Southern states but has since grown to more than 200 chapters around the nation, with more than 15,000 collegiate members currently, according to the organization's website.",1
1857,"Jeb Bush in 2016: The good, the bad and the ugly","Jeb Bush announced Tuesday morning that he has set up an exploratory committee to pursue running for president. Virtually every person who takes this step ultimately throws his or her hat in the ring. It’s only a matter of time.

How should we assess Jeb Bush’s candidacy?

Polls show him at or near the top of the prospective Republican nominees for 2016. The recent McClatchy-Marist poll has Mitt Romney and Bush leading with 19 and 15 percent respectively. And a PPP poll has Bush ahead of Chris Christie, Mike Huckabee, Paul Ryan and both Rand Paul and Ted Cruz.

Despite this, Bush by no means has an insurmountable lead. And while the Bush name for some is a positive and will help Jeb enormously, for others it is an unalterable negative both because of prior history, ideology and perceived performance in office.

That said, there is one constituency that I fully expect to support Jeb Bush: the donors, bundlers and those who pursue independent expenditure. There’s every reason to believe that this community – the money community – will rally behind Bush’s candidacy and given the importance of independent expenditure political action committees in the last presidential election, it’s fair to assume that between his own campaign committee and outsiders, he will be the best funded candidate in the Republican field.

Nevertheless, it will be far from a cakewalk for Bush in the primary. His problems are three fold.

First, his ardent support for Common Core does not sit well with many in his party.  Second, he has come out in support of comprehensive immigration reform, a hot button issue today with the GOP and its supporters, especially in light of President Obama’s executive action last month. And third, he’s considered tax increases as part of an overall reform package to help balance the budget in the past – anathema to those that control the GOP today.

For all these reasons, it may be hard for Tea Party Republicans and the right wing of the party more generally, to support his candidacy.

This is not to say that Jeb Bush will not be smart enough to try to neutralize these potential disadvantages. He surely will. To this end, Bush’s thoughtful and reasonable message at the Wall Street CEOs conference was a positive and uplifting one, exactly what the Republican Party needs to go mainstream and what the Tea Party itself abhors.

Should Bush make the general election he will be a compelling candidate against the likely Democratic nominee, Hillary Clinton. The most recent poll numbers show the race between them tightening, and I suspect the campaign itself will reflect that reality.

Put another way, both Jeb Bush and Hillary Clinton represent the center of their parties and both are practical politicians, if nothing else.

They’re both also smart and serious about the issues and we can expect, if they’re the nominees, to have a thoughtful debate about America’s future with the possibility of candidate agreement on a number of issues, something we haven’t seen in decades.

I know Jeb Bush and I know Hillary Clinton. They are both considerate people, committed to the broader interests of the American people regardless of political party.

Jeb Bush’s entry into the race prospectively gives the Republicans their strongest candidate and possible nominee. It also gives the American people the prospect of the best debate and dialogue we’ve had in a very long time.",1
1059,A whirlwind day in D.C. showcases Trump’s unorthodox views and shifting tone,"Donald Trump endorsed an unabashedly noninterventionist approach to world affairs Monday during a day-long tour of Washington, casting doubt on the need for the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and expressing skepticism about a muscular U.S. military presence in Asia.

The foreign policy positions — outlined in a meeting with the editorial board of The Washington Post — came on a day when Trump set aside the guerrilla tactics and showman bravado that have powered his campaign to appear as a would-be presidential nominee, explaining his policies, accepting counsel and building bridges to Republican elites.

On Monday night, Trump delivered a scripted address in front of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, prompting ovations with pledges to stand by Israel and take a hard line on peace talks with the Palestinians.

Trump’s whirlwind day of appearances around the nation’s capital was intended in part to head off an establishment push to deny him the Republican Party’s nomination. But in the Post meeting, the billionaire mogul also made clear that he would not be beholden to the GOP’s long-held orthodoxies.

During the hour-long discussion, during which he revealed five of his foreign policy advisers, Trump advocated a light footprint in the world. In spite of unrest in the Middle East and elsewhere, he said, the United States must look inward and steer its resources toward rebuilding the nation’s crumbling infrastructure.

“At what point do you say, ‘Hey, we have to take care of ourselves?’ ” Trump said in the editorial board meeting. “I know the outer world exists, and I’ll be very cognizant of that. But at the same time, our country is disintegrating, large sections of it, especially the inner cities.”

Trump said U.S. involvement in NATO may need to be significantly diminished in the coming years, breaking with nearly seven decades of consensus in Washington. “We certainly can’t afford to do this anymore,” he said, adding later, “NATO is costing us a fortune, and yes, we’re protecting Europe with NATO, but we’re spending a lot of money.”

[A transcript of Donald Trump’s meeting with The Washington Post editorial board]

Throughout his unlikely campaign, Trump’s unpredictable, incendiary persona has been his rocket fuel. But with the nomination now within his reach, he is trying at times to round out his sharp edges to convince his party’s leaders — not to mention general-election voters — that he has the temperament and knowledge to be president.

This was one of Trump’s goals as he addressed AIPAC’s annual conference in Washington. For perhaps the first time in his campaign, Trump read from a prepared text on teleprompters — a device he has colorfully mocked other politicians for using.

On Israel, Trump mostly hewed to the party line, giving a full-throated defense of the nation and its interests and arguing that no candidate is a more forceful champion of the Jewish state. His eyes pinging back and forth between the teleprompter screens, Trump embellished his prepared text only to deliver a few criticisms of President Obama and his first-term secretary of state, Hillary Clinton, the Democratic presidential front-runner.

“When I become president, the days of treating Israel like a second-class citizen will end on Day One,” Trump vowed. He received enthusiastic applause from the crowd of thousands, and the much-rumored walkouts during his speech were either called off or went unnoticed in the cavernous Verizon Center arena.

Earlier Monday, Trump sought to cultivate ties with his party’s establishment at a private luncheon he hosted on Capitol Hill. It was attended by about two dozen Republicans, including influential conservatives in Congress and prominent figures from GOP policy and lobbying circles.

Those with whom he met directly urged Trump to “be more presidential,” according to one attendee. This person, who like others spoke on the condition of anonymity to relate details of the closed session, described it as “a very serious conversation,” adding: “This was the Donald Trump who talks with bankers, not the Donald Trump who is on the stage.”

Trump also sought to showcase his business acumen and dealmaking prowess. He staged an afternoon news conference at the historic Old Post Office Pavilion, which his real estate company is turning into a Trump International Hotel, a few blocks from the White House on Pennsylvania Avenue. The candidate, flanked by employees wearing hard hats, led journalists on a tour of the construction zone.

Trump’s visit to Washington comes amid an intensified effort by some in the Republican establishment, including 2012 presidential nominee Mitt Romney, to deny him the nomination by forcing a contested convention at which the party could rally around an alternative.

At his luncheon meeting, Trump warned party leaders against using parliamentary maneuvers to block his nomination. He later told reporters that he had a productive conversation recently with House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.) and that he has “many millions of people behind me.”

“Now, they can play games, and they can play cute,” Trump said of Ryan and other GOP leaders. “I can only take [Ryan] at face value. I understand duplicity. I understand a lot of things. But he called me last week, he could not have been nicer. I spoke with Mitch McConnell, he could not have been nicer. If people want to be smart, they should embrace this movement.”

Neither Ryan nor McConnell (R-Ky.), the Senate majority leader, attended Monday’s meeting with Trump. It was held at Jones Day, the law firm of Donald F. McGahn, a Trump campaign attorney, and was convened in part by Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.), a key Trump ally.

Attendees included Heritage Foundation President Jim De­Mint, a former senator from South Carolina and a conservative movement leader, as well as Sen. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.), former House speaker Newt Gingrich (R-Ga.) and former House Appropriations Committee chairman Bob Livingston (R-La.). A group of House members who have endorsed Trump also attended.

“We met with Senator Sessions and some of the great people in Washington,” Trump said. “We had a really good meeting. . . . They can’t believe how far we’ve come because, you know, I think a lot of people maybe wouldn’t have predicted that.”

Trump began the day at The Post, where his on-the-record meeting with the editorial board covered media libel laws, violence at his rallies and climate change, as well as foreign policy.

For the first time, Trump listed members of a team chaired by Sessions that is counseling him on foreign affairs and helping to shape his policies: Keith Kellogg, Carter Page, George Papadopoulos, Walid Phares and Joseph E. Schmitz. All are relatively little known in foreign policy circles, and several have ties to the George W. Bush administration.

Trump praised George P. Shultz, who served as President Ronald Reagan’s secretary of state, as a model diplomat and, on the subject of Russia’s aggression in Ukraine, said America’s allies are “not doing anything.”

“Ukraine is a country that affects us far less than it affects other countries in NATO, and yet we’re doing all of the lifting,” Trump said. “They’re not doing anything. And I say: ‘Why is it that Germany’s not dealing with NATO on Ukraine? . . . Why are we always the one that’s leading, potentially, the third world war with Russia?’ ”

While the Obama administration has faced pressure from congressional critics who have advocated for a more active U.S. role in supporting Ukraine, the U.S. military has limited its assistance to nonlethal equipment such as vehicles and night-vision gear. European nations have taken the lead in crafting a fragile cease-fire designed to decrease hostility between Ukrainian forces and Russian-backed separatists.

Trump sounded a similar note in discussing the U.S. presence in the Pacific. He questioned the value of massive military investments in Asia and wondered aloud whether the United States still is capable of being an effective peacekeeping force there.

“South Korea is very rich, great industrial country, and yet we’re not reimbursed fairly for what we do,” Trump said. “We’re constantly sending our ships, sending our planes, doing our war games — we’re reimbursed a fraction of what this is all costing.”

Such talk is likely to trigger anxiety in South Korea, where a U.S. force of 28,000 has provided a strong deterrent to North Korean threats for decades.

Asked whether the United States benefits from its involvement in Asia, Trump replied, “Personally, I don’t think so.” He added: “I think we were a very powerful, very wealthy country. And we’re a poor country now. We’re a debtor nation.”

Jenna Johnson, Paul Kane, Missy Ryan and David Weigel contributed to this report.",1
3456,Supreme Court Readies Blockbuster Rulings,"WASHINGTON, June 21 (Reuters) - Tensions are building inside and outside the white marble facade of the U.S. Supreme Court building as the nine justices prepare to issue major rulings on gay marriage and President Barack Obama's healthcare law by the end of the month.

Of the 11 cases left to decide, the biggest are a challenge by gay couples to state laws banning same-sex marriage and a conservative challenge to subsidies provided under the Obamacare law to help low- and middle-income people buy health insurance that could lead to millions of people losing medical coverage.

Many legal experts predict the court will legalize gay marriage nationwide by finding that the U.S. Constitution's guarantees of equal treatment under the law and due process prohibit states from banning same-sex nuptials.

In three key decisions since 1996, Kennedy has broadened the court's view of equality for gays. The most recent was a 2013 case in which the court struck down a federal law denying benefits to married same-sex couples.

During oral arguments in the gay marriage case on April 28, Kennedy posed tough questions to lawyers from both sides but stressed the nobility and dignity of same-sex couples.

The healthcare decision is tougher to call. Chief Justice John Roberts, the swing vote when the court upheld Obamacare in 2012, said little during the March 4 oral argument to indicate how he will vote.

The court will issue some rulings on Monday, with more likely later in the week.

For the justices, the pressure is on to have the rulings ready. That can be difficult as the cases in which they are closely divided are generally the ones left until the end.

James Obergefell, one of the plaintiffs in the gay marriage case, said he will be at the court for all the remaining decision days.

Obergefell sued Ohio, challenging its ban on same-sex marriages, after the state refused to acknowledge his marriage to John Arthur on Arthur's death certificate. They were married in Maryland, a state that allows gay marriages, just months before Arthur died in 2013.

The Supreme Court does not announce in advance which rulings will be issued on any given day.

""It's nerve-racking, it's exciting, but it's also scary,"" Obergefell said while waiting in line to enter the courtroom on Thursday.

On the other side of the issue, the Alliance Defending Freedom, a conservative Christian group that opposes gay marriage, will have at least two attorneys in the courtroom, spokeswoman Kerri Kupec said.

As for the closed-door deliberations at the court, Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg hinted during a June 12 speech at the turmoil to come. ""Sharp divisions, one can confidently predict, will rise in the term's final weeks,"" Ginsburg said.

Prior to June 15, the court was split 5-4 in only seven of the 46 cases decided at that point. But last week alone, four of the nine rulings were 5-4 decisions. In the rulings, several justices wrote separate opinions in which they aimed pointed comments at their colleagues.",1
2211,Iran Nuclear Deal: Does Obama want Israel to commit suicide?,"In 1982, during one of many visits to Israel, I had the opportunity to speak with Prime Minister Menachem Begin, who told me, ""Israel needs friends."" He added that in the end, his nation could not trust any nation with its fate and security. The protection of Israel, he said, was ultimately the responsibility of Israelis.

Begin's comment was prophetic given the petulance of our current president, who behaves like an enemy of Israel when he attempts to impose a Palestinian state on Israel and negotiate a deal with Iran that can only lead to new threats against the Jewish state and further destabilize the chaotic Middle East.

In his determination to strike a deal with Iran over its nuclear weapons program (which Iran has denied exists, so what is the U.S. negotiating?), President Obama has traded history, facts and reality for a potential deal with a regime that promotes terrorism around the world and is busy attaching Iraq to its vision of a greater Persian Empire.

Last Saturday, Iran's Supreme leader Ali Khamenei again called for ""Death to America,"" just one day after President Obama appealed to Iranians in a video message to seize a ""historic opportunity"" for a nuclear deal and a better future. The leader of the Palestinian Authority, Mahmoud Abbas, also continues to use inflammatory rhetoric about the ultimate destruction of Israel. What should this tell us?

The president is cozying up to a nation that oppresses women, has an apocalyptic view of the world and believes that if it starts a nuclear war the 12th Imam -- the Islamic messiah -- will emerge from a well and bring peace on Earth and good will, at least to Shia Muslim men. Women will remain subject to male domination and have only the few rights given to them by men.

Israel, which embraces Western values of free elections, religious tolerance and pluralism, a free press and equal rights for women is treated by President Obama and his administration as Iran should be treated. Do these people suffer from diplomatic dyslexia, or anti-Semitism?

The coming nuclear deal with Iran, if it occurs, will be a sham from the start. Agreements between nations require at least some trust, but Iran has as much credibility as a double-your-money promise from Bernie Madoff.

Why should Israel be forced to surrender more land to an enemy that has sworn to destroy it? A Palestinian state would likely be used as a launching pad for an attack. Gaza is a perfect example. It has been used by Hamas to attack Israel, which unilaterally and foolishly gave it up in hopes of promoting peace.

Suicide is not in Israel's interests, or that of the United States, but suicide is what President Obama seems to want Israel to commit by pressuring it to return to indefensible 1967 borders and accept a nuclear deal with Iran.

That two states is not what Israel's enemies want was made clear enough when President Clinton brought then-Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak and PLO leader Yasser Arafat to Camp David in 2000. Barak offered Arafat virtually everything he asked for -- 95 percent by some estimates -- and Arafat rejected the offer. Arafat, his contemporaries and those who have come after him, desire only one state headed by themselves with no Jewish state and no Jewish presence, as evidenced by the wars and terrorist attacks they have launched and continue to wage against Israel.

In Deuteronomy 17:7, God instructs the ancient Israelites: ""You must purge the evil from among you.""

In his dangerous pursuit of a problematic nuclear weapons deal with Iran and his attempt to marry a cancerous Palestinian state to the land of Israel, President Obama is not purging evil; he's inviting it to spread. History will judge him for this as it has every other nation that has harmed ""the apple of His eye."" (Zechariah 2:8)

Cal Thomas is America's most widely syndicated op-ed columnist. He joined Fox News Channel in 1997 as a political contributor. His latest book is ""What Works: Common Sense Solutions for a Stronger America"" is available in bookstores now. Readers may email Cal Thomas at tcaeditors@tribune.com.",1
5177,Bernie's swan song begins,"**Want FOX News Halftime Report in your inbox every day? Sign up here.**

On the roster - Bernie’s swan song begins - Dubya back in the game - Rubio leans towards a run, GOP insiders say - Save yourself, no really

 

 BERNIE’S SWAN SONG BEGINS

 In Sen. Bernie Sanders’ address Thursday he said a lot of things, except that he would concede his bid for the Democratic nomination. But on the heels of his meeting with Hillary Clinton, subsequent matching statements, and his promise that he would do everything he could to defeat Donald Trump the signs that the end is near couldn’t be clearer.

 

 So why not drop out now?

 

 Well, there are two schools of thought on that.

 

 One is that Sanders is trying to hold on to as much leverage as he can to make his policy positions part of the party platform and institute changes in the primary process. The idea is that the longer he remains in the race the more Clinton and the party will concede for the sake of the much coveted word this cycle: unity.

 

 But that theory has some holes in it.

 

 A prolonged holdout by Sanders actually weakens his hand. Supporters like Rep. Raúl Grijalva, D-Ariz., the first member of congress to back Sanders, have started to throw their support behind Clinton. The small donations that once poured in have dried up. And the much-reported massive rallies have dwindled with time and are now absent.

 

 All this to say Sanders’ momentum doesn’t look quite as threatening as it did back in March, or even May. Any hope that Sanders could win, or pose some sort of mathematical challenge based on delegate count, ended with the California primary 10 days ago.

 

 Not to mention President Obama’s endorsement for Clinton this week…

 

 Which is exactly why those in the second school of thought believe Sanders remaining in the race is a strategy to benefit Clinton and the Democrats more than anything else.

 

 In this notion, the longer Sanders remains in the more his fire continues to burn out on its own, leaving Clinton in better graces with his supporters than if she appeared to force him out while he still had momentum. Clinton appears as the magnanimous candidate letting her challenger run his own course instead of the political powerhouse choking the competition, and Sanders doesn’t look like he cut and ran. Everyone wins.

 

 The cordial meeting the two candidates had this week seems to show that is exactly what’s happening. Since Clinton has officially secured presumptive nominee status Sanders is no longer a distraction from her general election strategy or a threat of division within the party. His presence in the race doesn’t hold the same ire for her it once did.

 

 But remember, Sanders is not a dyed in the wool Democrat and he doesn’t feel obliged to abide by any party’s rules. Although his campaign has said they’re no longer recruiting superdelegates it doesn’t mean the independent, socialist-turned-Democratic-challenger will bow out quietly.

 

 So however long he remains in the race, how he bows out will be on his terms regardless of party unity or strategy.

TIME OUT

 On this day in 1885, a ship sailed into New York harbor carrying 350 individual pieces of cargo that would become one of America’s most iconic symbols: the Statue of Liberty. Since that time Lady Liberty has welcomed immigrants through Ellis Island, bid farewell to thousands of troops going “over there,” witnessed an attack on the city to which she lights the way, and seen the same city rebound with spirited purpose.

 

 As President Ronald Reagan said at the statue’s centennial celebration: “[W]e too dare to hope -- hope that our children will always find here the land of liberty in a land that is free. We dare to hope too that we’ll understand our work can never be truly done until every man, woman, and child shares in our gift, in our hope, and stands with us in the light of liberty.”

 

 Flag on the play? - Email us at HALFTIMEREPORT@FOXNEWS.COM with your tips, comments or questions

 

 SCOREBOARD

 Average of national presidential polls: Clinton vs. Trump: Clinton +5.8 points

 Generic congressional vote: Democrats +2.2

 

 DUBYA BACK IN THE GAME

 NYT: “After eight years of largely abstaining from politics, former President George W. Bush is throwing himself into an effort to save his party’s most vulnerable senators, including several whose re-election campaigns have been made more difficult by Donald J. Trump’s presence at the top of the ticket. In the weeks since Mr. Trump emerged as the party’s presumptive presidential nominee, Mr. Bush has headlined fund-raisers for two Republican senators and has made plans to help three more. Among them are Senators John McCain of Arizona, who was one of Mr. Trump’s earliest targets of derision, and Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire… Next week, he will appear in St. Louis at a fund-raiser for Senator Roy Blunt of Missouri. And similar events are being planned for Senators Ron Johnson of Wisconsin and Rob Portman of Ohio.”

 

 RUBIO LEANS TOWARDS A RUN, GOP INSIDERS SAY

 WashEx: “Marco Rubio is leaning toward running for re-election, say Republicans monitoring the senator’s movements for signs of a decision…The Florida Republican is now re-considering, motivated in part by Sunday’s jihadist terrorist attack on a gay nightclub in Orlando that left 49 dead plus the shooter. But Republican insiders are predicting that Rubio will in fact jump into the race because they believe there have been smoke signals for weeks indicating he planned to change course…Perhaps telling, it’s GOP operatives in Florida who are most convinced that Rubio is going to run. Rubio’s team has been organizing and preparing to launch a 2016 Senate campaign for weeks, one veteran Florida Republican strategist said.”

 

 And Dems are ready - The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee released a video this morning attacking Rubio for his absence in the U.S. Senate showing they are already preparing for the Florida senator’s potential reelection bid in the Sunshine State.

 

 IN COVERAGE

 Fox News Sunday – Chris Wallace hosts Attorney General Loretta Lynch to discuss gun restrictions in wake of the Orlando shootings, and Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski talks the 2016 race on “Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace.” Check local listings for broadcast times in your area.

 

 #mediabuzz - Howard Kurtz breaks down how the media covered the biggest news stories, including Bill Hemmer on his experience reporting from Orlando. Watch #mediabuzz Sundays at 11 a.m. and a reairing at 5 p.m. ET.

 

 PLAY-BY-PLAY

 Clinton, Trump Twitter wars wage on - WashEx

 

 Major companies pull sponsorship from GOP convention - The Hill

 

 How game theory helps explain Trump’s strategy - WaPo

 

 Hillary pushes DNC towards general election focus - Time

 

 Over 50 State Dept. employees call for a regime change in Syria - Fox News

 

 AUDIBLE

 “Election days come and go but political and social revolutions that attempt to transform our society never end.” -- Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., in his live webcast Thursday.

 

 SAVE YOURSELF, NO REALLY

 [Victoria, British Columbia] Times Colonist: “Vancouver firefighters, eager to deploy two new boats, were disappointed last week when one of the vessels was, ironically, damaged by fire during transport…The two boats, worth approximately $1.5 million apiece, were custom built for Vancouver in Kingston, Ont., by MetalCraft Marine to replace the fire department’s two aging water craft…But as the long-awaited, 43-foot vessels were being transported to Vancouver by tractor trailer last week, there was a malfunction with the packaging…There is no concern that the boat is unsafe because of the fire [Vancouver Fire and Rescue spokesman added] adding that the vessel had been taken apart to transport.”

 

 AND NOW A WORD FROM CHARLES…

 “You can keep all the Muslim immigrants you want away from our shores. It will make no difference. In the end, the only thing that will work – as it worked to a large extent with al Qaeda – you have to go after them where they live, and drive them out.” -- Charles Krauthammer on “Special Report with Bret Baier” Watch here.

 

 Chris Stirewalt is digital politics editor for Fox News. Sally Persons contributed to this report. Want FOX News Halftime Report in your inbox every day? Sign up here.",1
5185,Would Trump presidency threaten rule of law?,"Trump proposals that seem startling now – such as killing terrorists’ spouses – might be less so after years of a Trump administration, political experts say.

Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump waves to the crowd over the heads of media photographers as he arrives to speak at a campaign rally on June 11, 2016, at a private hangar at Greater Pittsburgh International Airport in Moon, Pa.

Donald Trump’s presidential campaign has been extraordinary in many ways. But one of its most unprecedented – some would say shocking – aspects is the way the blustery billionaire keeps promising to do things that are likely beyond the limits of presidential authority set by the Constitution of the United States.

His supporters thrill to Mr. Trump’s promise of raw power, of course. Tearing up treaties, torturing terrorists, threatening Muslims – all are huge applause lines at Trump rallies. President Obama is already stretching the legal bounds of his office, many Republicans insist. Trump would be just going Democrats one better.

But others think Trump’s talk raises important questions about the extent to which he could threaten American law and democratic norms. The most likely change might not involve out-and-out authoritarianism as much as a coarsening of acceptable US political behavior. Trump proposals that seem startling now – such as killing terrorists’ spouses – might be less so after years of a Trump administration.

“What would be activated would be a normalization of certain kind of things ... The law might not change but the attitude would,” says Andrew Rudalevige, a professor of government at Bowdoin College in Brunswick, Maine, and author of “The New Imperial Presidency.”

Many of Trump’s more outrageous proposals involve enemies, perceived and real.

Take the media. (Please, as Trump might paraphrase Henny Youngman.) Trump, who has barred organizations such as The Washington Post and Politico from covering his campaign events after coverage he deemed unfair, has promised to loosen libel laws to make it easier to sue media companies. Never mind the First Amendment, or that Congress is the body of government that actually writes laws.

Then there’s US District Judge Gonzalo Curiel, who is overseeing a pair of class action lawsuits charging the defunct Trump University with fraud. Trump’s personal and racial attacks on the US-born judge show a high degree of disregard for judicial independence, say critics, especially his insistence that somebody should “look into” Curiel’s background. If elected, how will Trump deal with losses in personal business or executive branch litigation?

Trump’s been particularly bombastic about what he’d do in terms of national security. He insists he’d target the wives and children of terrorists – a deliberate killing of civilian bystanders. Former CIA director Michael Hayden has said that if Trump orders such action the US military would likely refuse, setting off a dispute that could spiral into a constitutional crisis. Trump has also said numerous times that he would reinstitute waterboarding of terror suspects, or “worse.”

“That’s a really troubling thing. Waterboarding is torture, pretty clear. And if waterboarding is torture it violates criminal law,” says Chris Edelson, an assistant professor of government at American University in Washington and author of “Power Without Constraint: The Post 9/11 Presidency and National Security.”

As for Trump’s proposed ban on Muslim immigrants entering the US, that may – or may not – pass constitutional muster. Traditionally the executive branch has broad latitude to set immigration regulations. However, the Supreme Court might look askance at a ban on a particular religious group, even if applied to people outside the US, according to Professor Edelson. It’s uncharted legal territory. And Congress might weigh in. After all, GOP lawmakers from House Speaker Paul Ryan on down have said they oppose such a ban.

“Trump could try to act against Congress, but that would put him on a weak footing,” notes Edelson.

Trump’s bombast has put many of his nominal Republican supporters in a difficult position. For years, GOP lawmakers been accusing Mr. Obama of abusing his office and bypassing the will of Congress, and now their party’s presumptive presidential nominee is promising to go even farther.

In response, some have taken the position that Trump will inevitably be restrained by existing checks on presidential power, both legislative and judicial. His staff will curb his enthusiasm for things he really can’t do. “He’ll have a White House counsel,” says Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell.

Well, maybe. The job of a White House counsel isn’t primarily to point out the limits of presidential authority. It’s to figure out legal justifications for things presidents already want to do, says Professor Rudalevige of Bowdoin.

That should not be a surprise. They’re lawyers, and the president is their client. Even if they conclude something can’t be done, the government has lots and lots of other legal offices. The Oval Office can pick and choose the opinion it likes best.

As to legislative and judicial checks on presidential power, those are not automatic. If a president oversteps their bounds, much would depend on what the people who staff those branches of government decide to do.

“The Constitution does not enforce itself,” says Edelson of American University.

That, in turn, could depend on the domestic political and international security situation facing the nation at that moment. Consider World War II: President Franklin Roosevelt, facing a grave threat, decided that it would be OK to go ahead and imprison Japanese-Americans in internment camps. He issued an executive order to that effect.

Today that seems pretty clearly unconstitutional, and it probably did then, too. But most US citizens accepted it due to the nature of the times.

That’s the civil liberties danger associated with national security fears. Power flows to the Oval Office, and when the danger is passed, not all of that power flows back.

Since 9/11 the presidency has changed, argues Edelson. President George W. Bush pioneered sweeping surveillance powers, some of which have since been enacted into law. Obama has intensified a nominally secret drone war that includes the extra-judicial killing of American citizens deemed to be terrorists. The next president will inherit that war intact.

This increase in presidential security power will be an issue whoever wins the presidency, says Edelson. It’s not specific to Trump or presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.

“The reality is we shouldn’t trust anyone with unlimited power,” he says.

As for Trump, if he wins the White House in the fall, he can argue that voters have approved his many proposals. He has made no secret of how he would move to try and deport the millions of unauthorized immigrants currently living in the US. He has broadly hinted that he considers all Muslims in America complicit in some manner with Islamic State-inspired domestic terrorist attacks. It would be of a piece for Trump to propose heightened scrutiny for Muslims in the US.

In that case, the US would still be a democracy. But it might not still be a liberal democracy, according to Shadi Hamid, a senior fellow in foreign policy at the Brookings Institution in Washington.

By “liberal democracy,” Mr. Hamid does not mean a government leftish on the political spectrum, but one that respects broadly recognized personal rights and freedoms. Under Trump, the US might become an illiberal democracy, according to Hamid: a place where a majority has voted to restrict the personal rights of a minority, or minorities.

“Regardless of the final [election] outcome ... the billionaire’s rise offers up a powerful – and frightening – reminder that liberal democracy, even where it’s entrenched, is a fragile thing,” Hamid writes.",1
5082,Sanders delegates' convention agenda,"Philadelphia (CNN) The Democrats search for a rising star. Convention calculations for Bernie Sanders. Donald Trump makes a Western foray. And the superdelegate saga continues.

These storylines are all part of this week's ""Inside Politics"" forecast, which previews what political observers will be talking about in the coming days.

No one expects the Bernie Sanders-Hillary Clinton relationship to devolve into Donald Trump-Ted Cruz territory. But there are lingering frustrations from the primary season, so there may be a few dustups in Philadelphia.

Or even brush fires, as CNN's Jeff Zeleny put it in describing the potential for Clinton-Sanders tensions during this week's Democratic National Convention.

""Some Sanders delegates are hoping that Monday is an opportunity for them to have their say. They were watching in Cleveland with great interest. Yes, the rules are different. Almost everything is different. The Clintons are definitely running a tighter convention here, but, the Sanders people are not that thrilled with her pick for a vice president . And they're enraged by this leak episode at the DNC .""

Why make a decision when you can appoint a commission?

Another big Sanders convention priority was getting rid of the so-called superdelegates who have favored Hillary Clinton. Those are the elected officials and party activists who wield convention votes and can decide who to support regardless of voting in their home states.

The party establishment wants to protect its perks, and so Sanders' proposal ran into trouble in the convention rules committee. But the proposed rules do call for a study, which may steer the commission toward Sanders' priorities.

It recommends the commission keep the superdelegates, but requires that all but a select few be bound by results of the primary or caucus in their home state.

3) Boston is to Obama as Philadelphia is to ...?

Who will be this year's Barack Obama?

As in, do the Democrats have a next-generation star who will become a household name this week?

Obama made his big jump in 2004 as a prime-time speaker at the convention in Boston that nominated John Kerry for president.

Julie Pace of the Associated Press noted that the list of Democratic prospects this year isn't as long because the GOP has had so much success in state and local elections during the Obama years.

""There just isn't a big bench for the Democratic party, particularly in governor's mansions across the country,"" she said. ""You have Democratic leaders who will be watching some of these lesser-known Democrats to see if one of them may be the next rising star who could be up for (a presidential) election in four or eight years.""

4) History through the eyes of Willie Brown

Willie Brown is now a fixture at Democratic conventions, but he wasn't always treated as a party icon.

The liberal activist and former San Francisco mayor recalls when it was hard for African-American delegates to get their credentials.

Jonathan Martin of The New York Times shared snippets from an oral history of sorts that Brown recorded.

""It was fascinating talking to him about the changing nature of these conventions,"" Martin said. ""You know, he was a young man in his 30s fighting folks from the South who did not want to have black delegations seated. He is now here at the end of a two-term black president, and watching him ... and what the party has become was a fascinating hour for me.""

Donald Trump heads west this week, looking to make inroads in a region that has been difficult for him.

Colorado is the swing-state prize Trump hopes to sway, and CNN's Maeve Reston notes that recent polls there have shown a steady lead for Hillary Clinton. But Trump being more competitive in Colorado could help tilt the electoral college.

""Talking to people in that state, though, it's really interesting to see the reaction to the Pence pick there because in some ways Pence could help Trump turn out social conservatives, but (he) hurts him with so many of those key swing voters who are critical to him winning there,"" she said. ""So it will be fascinating to see how he plays that this week.""",1
2086,Paris climate summit: What to expect from historic talks,"For the first time, nearly all of the countries are committing to some level of action.

Fog and smog swallow up the top of the Eiffel Tower in Paris, Monday, Nov. 2, 2015. The UN's environmental authority has quietly raised its assessment of the level global greenhouse gas emissions can reach in 2020 while still avoiding dangerous climate change, ahead of the Paris climate summit scheduled for late November.

Negotiators from 195 countries are set to meet in Paris for two weeks, beginning Nov. 30, to wrap up a new, historic pact to limit global warming. A committed group-effort approach replaces top-down strategies that haven’t worked.

For the first time, nearly all countries are committing to some level of action, eroding a long-standing divide between developed and developing countries. To get there, however, negotiators jettisoned specific targets on greenhouse gas emissions imposed in a binding treaty. Those targets have been replaced by an overall goal countries have accepted: to hold global warming to no more than 2 degrees C (3.6 degrees F.) by 2100. Each country will determine its own approaches and how much it can contribute to curbing emissions – through cuts or a reduction in the growth rate of emissions – that, collectively, would put the world on the 2-degree path.

These commitments have deadlines of 2030, and in some cases 2025. They represent the first step in a process that would lead to periodic reviews and intensification of these efforts until atmospheric concentrations of greenhouse gases, mainly carbon dioxide from burning fossil fuel, are stabilized at a level that holds warming to 2 degrees C.

Q: What do the commitments look like?

More than 150 countries have submitted “intended nationally determined commitments” (INDCs), according to Christiana Figueres, executive secretary of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. These countries represent about 90 percent of global emissions. The commitments vary in ambition. Each country sets its own baseline against which it gauges progress. And some commitments are contingent on receiving financial help.

China has pledged to slow the growth in its CO emissions so that they peak around 2030. That includes a pledge to increase the share of electricity generated by renewable and nuclear sources to 20 percent by 2030. The United States has pledged to cut carbon emissions to at least 26 to 28 percent below 2005 levels by 2025. Others, such as Ethiopia and Guatemala, use “business as usual” projections as their baselines and hold part or all of their emissions pledges contingent on receiving aid to pay for green energy technologies and for adaptation.

Q: What effect will these have on global warming?

These commitments represent an encouraging shift away from business as usual. But if they all are fully implemented and nothing more is done in the interim, they will have placed the planet on a path to warming around 3 degrees C (5.4 degrees F.) by 2030 rather than 2 degrees. The draft agreement recognizes this, however. It envisions regular reviews aimed at assessing progress and intensifying efforts. If the reviews are set up at five-year intervals, as some expect, the first would come in 2020.

Q: What gives people hope that this will work?

Climate policy specialists cite several factors. One of the most important is a change in attitude. Strategies that once seemed burdensome are increasingly seen as economic opportunities, notes Taryn Fransen, a climate policy specialist with the World Resources Institute in Washington who leads an international collaboration tracking the INDCs and efforts to fulfill them. In addition, over time countries have become more aware of how global warming is affecting them. And renewable technologies are taking hold faster than many had predicted, a pace many models don’t incorporate.

Still, that growth may not be enough, others argue. The UN’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has noted that to hold warming to 2 degrees C by 2100, countries will need two more arrows in their quivers: the use of bioenergy combined with trapping the CO emissions and sequestering that carbon underground. Both are controversial and, for now, neither is available on a large scale.

Q: What are the remaining hurdles to the agreement?

One critical element is money: How much financing will be forthcoming for developing countries, and what sort of compensation might there be for loss and damage? Developing countries still have doubts about the credibility of past commitments from rich countries to increase access to financing for climate-related projects. In 2009, rich nations pledged $100 billion by 2020. Even when that is met, questions remain about what follows. Developing countries are looking for language that indicates this help will continue and increase.

On loss and damage, the US, for instance, is working to ensure that the agreement has no language that implies open-ended liability on the part of developed countries for the damage global warming inflicts on developing countries. That issue may await the final week of the talks to get sorted out, notes Alden Meyer, with the Union of Concerned Scientists in Washington. Another issue is the gap between the commitments and emissions reductions needed to put the planet on the 2-degree C path and how that will be addressed. Provisions for some sort of review process will come out of the talks, Mr. Meyer says.“But how they are couched and how effective they will be, and whether they really create an opening to stand back and look at this again in four or five years – that’s a question,” he says.",1
4844,"Trump doctor’s letter: He takes cholesterol drug, is overweight but is in ‘excellent’ health","This post has been updated.

Donald Trump released a letter from his personal doctor on Thursday that summarizes his latest physical exam, saying he takes a cholesterol-lowering drug and is overweight but overall is in “excellent physical health.”

Trump discussed the results of the exam on ""The Dr. Oz Show"" on Thursday afternoon, saying that presidential candidates have an ""obligation"" to voters to be healthy and that he feels like he is still in his 30s.

""When you're running for president, I think you have an obligation to be healthy. I just don't think you can do the work if you're not healthy. I don't think you can represent the country properly if you're not a healthy person,"" Trump, 70, said on the health talk-show, adding that the last time he was hospitalized was when he had his appendix removed at age 11.

[Trump admits he wouldn’t release his medical results if they were ‘bad’]

The one-page letter is signed by Trump's  longtime doctor, Harold N. Bornstein, a gastroenterological specialist at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York. The letter states that Trump is 6 foot 3 inches tall and weighs 236 pounds, making him overweight and on the verge of being obese for his height. Trump said in the interview that he would like to lose 15 to 20 pounds but that weight loss has always been difficult for him because of his lifestyle.

The letter also lists the results of recent lab tests, which Bornstein says are all within the normal range. The letter says that Trump takes a statin, a drug for lowering cholesterol, along with a low dose of aspirin. During the talk show, Trump said that both of his parents lived to an old age and many of his mother's relatives in Scotland lived into their 90s. The letter states that there ""is no family history of premature cardiac or neoplastic disease.""

While the letter released by Trump gives more information on his health and physical makeup than previously known, it does not constitute his medical records nor does it give extensive detail about past health matters.

Trump discussed the document with talk-show host and surgeon Dr. Mehmet Oz during a taping in New York on Wednesday that aired on Thursday afternoon. Oz is popular nationally but his credibility has been questioned by critics. Trump disclosed the one-page letter to The Washington Post on Thursday soon before the campaign released it publicly. In the letter, which is dated Sept. 13, Bornstein states that Trump has been under his care since 1980, and sits for an annual physical exam.

Bornstein's letter this week lacked the creativity of a letter he signed in December that called Trump's health “extraordinary” and declared he would be “the healthiest individual ever elected to the presidency.” Bornstein told NBC News last month that he wrote the letter in about five minutes as a Trump associate waited to collect it, though he stood by his glowing assessment.

In the letter released on Thursday, Trump’s “laboratory results” from a blood test and other exams are also given. He has a cholesterol level of 169, with his level of high-density lipoproteins at 63, his low-density lipoproteins at 94.

The businessman’s blood pressure is 116 over 70. His blood sugar level is 99 milligrams per deciliter. Trump’s level of triglycerides, which are a type of fat in blood, is 61 milligrams per deciliter. And his prostate-specific antigen level is measured as 0.15.

“His liver function and thyroid function tests are all within the normal range,” Bornstein writes, adding that “his last colonoscopy was performed on July 10, 2013 which was normal and revealed no polyps.”

Trump’s latest electrocardiogram test and chest X-ray took place in April 2016 and were “normal.""

With regard to Trump’s heart, Bornstein writes that “his cardiac evaluation included a transthoracic echocardiogram” in December 2014 and “this study was reported within the range of normal.”

Bornstein notes that there is “no family history of premature cardiac or neoplastic disease” and that Trump’s parents, Fred and Mary, “lived into their late 80s and 90s.”

[Despite gestures, Trump is still the least transparent U.S. presidential candidate in modern history]

Overall, Trump seems to be relatively healthy, said Allen Taylor, chief of cardiology with MedStar Heart and Vascular Institute, which is based at MedStar Washington Hospital Center in Washington, D.C.

“He could lose a few pounds,” said Taylor, who reviewed Trump's information. “His BMI could be improved upon.”

Because Trump is taking medication, his cholesterol levels are normal to optimal, Taylor said. The information released shows he has had a complete cardiovascular screening evaluation, and shows him to be at low to intermediate risk for someone his age of developing heart disease in the next 10 years. Heart disease is the number one killer in the United States, and men typically have a higher risk than women. Using two conventional risk calculators for heart disease risk, Taylor said Trump has a 7 to 8 percent chance of developing heart disease—stroke, heart attack, sudden death—in the next 10 years.

The metric that raised some eyebrows was the inclusion of his testosterone level. Some doctors will screen older patients for testosterone levels, but usually only if there are symptoms suggesting low levels, such as extreme fatigue and lack of libido. Some doctors may prescribe testosterone supplements, a relatively controversial practice, Taylor said. He said Trump’s level is in the normal range, and is not a factor or indication for overall health.

“To me, it’s a non-number. It’s like a vitamin D level. It would not be an indication of a presidential candidate’s overall health,” he said.

Trump’s activity comes as Democratic rival Hillary Clinton is returning to the campaign trail following a bout of pneumonia. Clinton’s campaign on Wednesday released a two-page letter from her doctor that said she had been treated this week for “mild” bacterial pneumonia but is in overall good health and “fit to serve as president.” For months Trump has raised questions about Clinton’s health and stamina, and on Wednesday wondered aloud, tauntingly, about whether Clinton could hold hour-long rallies.

“I don’t know, folks. Do you think Hillary could stand up here for an hour?” Trump asked thousands of supporters on Wednesday in Canton, Ohio, where he held an event.

Read the full text of the letter here.",1
4494,"Supreme Court: your right to a ""speedy trial"" ends when you're declared guilty","The Supreme Court unanimously decided that once a defendant is found guilty or pleads guilty to a crime, the ""speedy"" part of the constitutional Sixth Amendment's ""right to a speedy and public trial"" no longer applies.

""Does the Sixth Amendment’s speedy trial guarantee apply to the sentencing phase of a criminal prosecution? That is the sole question this case presents. We hold that the guarantee protects the accused from arrest or indictment through trial, but does not apply once a defendant has been found guilty at trial or has pleaded guilty to criminal charges,"" Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg delivered in the Court's opinion.

The case, Betterman v. Montana, specifically referred to Brandon Thomas Betterman, who was given his seven-year prison sentence 14 months after he initially pleaded guilty to felony bail jumping in a Montana state court. He took the case to Montana's Supreme Court, which ruled that sentencing was not part of the ""trial"" in a ""speedy trial"" – a ruling the Supreme Court upheld Thursday.

Criminal proceedings take place in three parts: an investigation prior to arrest, a charge and trial where the accused is assumed innocent until proven guilty, and finally, after a conviction, a sentencing. The Court ruled that the language in all three of these stages – ""accused,"" ""convicted,"" ""trial,"" and ""sentencing""– have distinctly separate protections.

""The Sixth Amendment’s Speedy Trial Clause homes in on the second period: from arrest or indictment through conviction. The constitutional right, our precedent holds, does not attach until this phase begins, that is, when a defendant is arrested or formally accused. Today we hold that the right detaches upon conviction, when this second stage ends,"" the Court's opinion said.

In constitutional cases like these, as Rory Little wrote for SCOTUSblog, it is in the high court's benefit to provide as much specificity as possible:

In Betterman v. Montana, a cut-and-dried Sixth Amendment case with a simple question, the Supreme Court took the opportunity to raise – but not rule on – additional questions about protections afforded under separate due process clauses. While ""the speedy trial right — like other similarly aimed measures — loses force upon conviction,"" Betterman may have had ""other recourse"" under the due process clauses of the Fifth and 14th Amendments, the opinion reads.

Both the Fifth Amendment, which grants the right of a grand jury and protect against double jeopardy and self-incrimination, and the 14th Amendment, which protects the rights of citizens more broadly, require a ""due process of law"" in any proceeding that could deny a citizen ""life, liberty, or property.""

However, because Betterman brought forward a Sixth Amendment case, the Court had ""no reason to consider today the appropriate test for such a Due Process Clause challenge.""

In concurring with the Court's decision however, Justice Sonia Sotomayor made a point to note that Betterman was not wrong to question inordinately long sentencing times – he just argued the wrong case.

""I write separately to emphasize that the question is an open one,"" Sotomayor wrote.",1
2222,Debating the Future of American Power Abroad,"The early 2016 presidential debate already is full of conversation about when and how to use American power abroad. An equally important but often overlooked question is this: Why use American power?

This part of the debate over national-security policy focuses on what Richard Haass, the president of the Council on Foreign Relations, calls “the purposes of American power.” Broadly speaking, there are four potential reasons to use American power, including military power, on the world stage:",1
3566,Islamic State accepts Boko Haram allegiance pledge,"BEIRUT (AP) — Islamic State militants have accepted a pledge of allegiance by Nigerian-grown Boko Haram extremist group, a spokesman for the Islamic State movement said Thursday.

Boko Haram has been weakened by a multinational force that has dislodged it from a score of northeastern Nigerian towns. But its new Twitter account, increasingly slick and more frequent video messages and a new media arm all were considered signs that the group is now being helped by IS propagandists.

Then on Saturday, Boko Haram leader Abubakar Sheka posted an audio recording online that pledged allegiance to IS. On Thursday the Islamic State group's media arm Al-Furqan, in an audio recording by spokesman Abu Mohammed al-Adnani, said that Boko Haram's pledge of allegiance has been accepted, claiming the caliphate has now expanded to West Africa.

Al-Adnani had urged foreign fighters from around the world to migrate and join Boko Haram.

""We announce our allegiance to the Caliph of the Muslims ... and will hear and obey in times of difficulty and prosperity, in hardship and ease, and to endure being discriminated against, and not to dispute about rule with those in power, except in case of evident infidelity regarding that which there is a proof from Allah,"" said the message.

The Boko Haram pledge to IS comes as the militants reportedly were massing in the northeastern Nigerian town of Gwoza, considered their headquarters, for a showdown with the Chadian-led multinational force.

Boko Haram killed an estimated 10,000 people last year, and it is blamed for last April's abduction of more than 275 schoolgirls. Thousands of Nigerians have fled to neighboring Chad.

The group is waging a nearly 6-year insurgency to impose Muslim Shariah law in Nigeria. It began launching attacks across the border into Cameroon last year, and this year its fighters struck in Niger and Chad in retaliation to their agreement to form a multinational force to fight the militants.

Boko Haram followed the lead of IS in August by declaring an Islamic caliphate in northeast Nigeria that grew to cover an area the size of Belgium. The Islamic State had declared a caliphate in vast swaths of territory that it controls in Iraq and Syria.

The Nigerian group has also followed IS in publishing videos of beheadings. The latest one, published March 2, borrowed certain elements from IS productions, such as the sound of a beating heart and heavy breathing immediately before the execution, according to SITE Intelligence Group.

In video messages last year, Boko Haram's leader sent greetings and praise to both IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi and leaders of al-Qaida. But Boko Haram has never been an affiliate of al-Qaida, some analysts surmise because al-Qaida considers the Nigerians' indiscriminate slaughter of Muslim civilians as un-Islamic.

Recent offensives have marked a sharp escalation by African nations against Boko Haram. An African Union summit agreed on sending a force of 8,750 troops to fight Boko Haram.

Military operations in Niger's east have killed at least 500 Boko Haram fighters since Feb. 8, Nigerien officials have said.

Members of the U.N. Security Council proposed Thursday that the international community supply money, equipment, troops and intelligence to a five-nation African force fighting Boko Haram.

Copyright 2015 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.",1
2624,Netanyahu warns Iran deal could 'threaten the survival' of Israel,"Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warned Monday that a potential nuclear deal with Iran ""could threaten the survival of Israel,"" as he kicked off a contentious visit to the United States meant to build the case against such an agreement.

The centerpiece of his visit will be an address to Congress on Tuesday. But speaking first to The American Israel Public Affairs Committee in Washington, the Israeli leader underscored the dangers he said are posed by Iran, which he called the world's ""foremost sponsor of state terrorism.""

""Iran envelops the entire world with its tentacles of terror,"" he said, displaying a map showing various connections between Iran and terror groups. He warned Iran could pursue Israel's destruction if it obtained a nuclear weapon.

""We must not let that happen,"" Netanyahu said.

Both the Obama and Netanyahu administrations, as a matter of policy, agree that Iran must not be able to obtain a nuclear weapon. But the Israeli leader has concerns that the framework of the current diplomatic talks could lead to an ineffective deal.

His address to Congress on Tuesday has meanwhile become the source of immense tension between the two governments. The speech was arranged at the invitation of House Speaker John Boehner, but without the involvement of President Obama. Some Democrats plan to boycott that speech, and the U.S. president has no plans to meet with the prime minister -- though the White House insists this is out of a desire not to appear to be influencing upcoming Israeli elections. On Sunday, Secretary of State John Kerry said in an interview with ABC's ""This Week,"" before he arrived in Switzerland for talks with Iran's foreign minister, that the administration did not want the event ""turned into some great political football.""

But it appeared too late for that. With accusations flying on Capitol Hill, Netanyahu's visit has plunged the rocky Obama-Netanyahu relationship to perhaps its lowest point.

Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., told Fox News on Monday this is the ""worst"" he's ever seen the U.S.-Israel relationship. He claimed critics are acting ""in such a hysterical fashion"" because they're concerned Netanyahu will make a ""compelling argument"" against the pending Iran agreement.

Netanyahu, though, stressed Monday that the alliance is ""stronger than ever"" despite the current disagreement, as he gently mocked the recent media coverage.

""Never has so much been written about a speech that hasn't been given,"" he said. Netanyahu also said he meant no ""disrespect"" to Obama or his office in agreeing to address Congress. He said he ""deeply"" appreciates all Obama has done for Israel and did not intend to ""inject Israel into the American partisan debate.""

But he said he had a ""moral obligation"" to speak up about the dangers Israel faces, and stressed that these dangers are, for his country, a matter of ""survival.""

The prime minister's address was to be bracketed by speeches from two senior U.S. officials: U.N. Ambassador Samantha Power and National Security Adviser Susan Rice.

Power, who spoke Monday morning, tried to ease tensions and offer assurances of the strength of the U.S.-Israel relationship. She said that partnership ""transcends politics"" and always will.

She stressed that diplomacy with Iran is the ""preferred route"" but the U.S. will keep its security commitments.

""The United States of America will not allow Iran to obtain a nuclear weapon, period,"" she said. ""There will never be a sunset on America's commitment to Israel's security.""

In Washington, Netanyahu has positioned himself squarely against the Obama administration on the issue of the Iran talks. The Israeli leader is expected to press his opposition to a diplomatic accommodation of Iran's program in his speech Tuesday to Congress.

""We are not here to offend President Obama whom we respect very much,"" said a Netanyahu adviser, who was not authorized to be identified. ""The prime minister is here to warn, in front of any stage possible, the dangers"" of the agreement that may be taking shape.

The adviser, who spoke shortly before the delegation touched down in Washington, said Israel was well aware of the details of the emerging nuclear deal and they included Western compromises that were dangerous for Israel. Still, he tried to lower tensions by saying that Israel ""does not oppose every deal"" and was merely doing its best to warn the U.S. of the risks entailed in the current one.

The Obama administration apparently is concerned about the details Netanyahu might discuss. An Associated Press journalist traveling with Kerry in Geneva tweeted Monday that Kerry said the U.S. is concerned by reports that ""selective details"" of the talks may be revealed.

Netanyahu considers unacceptable any deal that does not entirely end Iran's nuclear program. But Obama is willing to leave some nuclear activity intact, backed by safeguards that Iran is not trying to develop a weapon. Iran insists its program is solely for peaceful energy and medical research.

White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest on Monday afternoon again touted the U.S.-Israel bond, and stressed that options remain on the table -- including a military option -- if Iran does not comply with any nuclear agreement.

He continued to give the chances for a deal a ""50-50"" shot, citing lingering questions over whether Iran's political leadership would sign off on one.

The invitation to speak to Congress extended by Boehner, R-Ohio, and Netanyahu's acceptance have caused an uproar that has exposed tensions between Israel and the U.S., its most important ally.

By consenting to speak, Netanyahu angered the White House, which was not consulted in advance, and Democrats, who were forced to choose between showing support for Israel and backing the president.

Netanyahu's visit comes as Congress weighs legislation to trigger more sanctions against Iran if talks fail. Obama adamantly opposes that bill, but supporters could use Netanyahu's expected warnings to build their case for it.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
1066,"After Brussels, Trump's 'strength' resonates with GOP voters (+video)","[Updated at 2 p.m. ET] Over and over, as Republican voters spoke of the presidential race – and of Donald Trump in particular – one word kept coming up: “strong.”

The nation needs a strong leader, said the 12 voters, gathered Tuesday night in St. Louis for a focus group. That’s hardly a surprising conclusion, especially following the deadly terror attacks by the Islamic State in Brussels earlier in the day. And Mr. Trump, the GOP presidential front-runner, projects strength, they said.

After Tuesday’s nominating contests, in which Trump gained more delegates than his top rival, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, the billionaire is one step closer to accomplishing an extraordinary feat: winning the Republican presidential nomination as a political novice, while bucking party orthodoxy on a range of issues, from trade to entitlements to the US’s role in the world to Planned Parenthood.

Some in the group expressed reservations about Trump. He needs a “filter,” two of the women said. He needs to “turn the noise down just a tad,” said another. “Be a bit more humble,” said one of the men. Two of the 12 voters in the focus group – organized by veteran pollster Peter Hart, with reporters watching via live stream – said they would vote for Trump in November only as “a last resort.”

So why do some voters see Trump as strong?

“Because he’s direct and outspoken, and uses language that they understand and relate to,” Mr. Hart told the Monitor Wednesday. “I don’t want to say the swear words, but the way in which he approaches it, it’s not political speak. It’s straight talk, and he gets credit for it.”

Hart describes Trump’s style as “authoritarian.” In fact, recent academic research shows that Trump supporters are united by one common trait – not income, education level, or race, but an inclination toward authoritarian leadership. That finding could have profound implications for the Democrats come November, if Trump is the Republican nominee.

“Because of the prevalence of authoritarians in the American electorate, among Democrats as well as Republicans, it’s very possible that Trump’s fan base will continue to grow,” wrote Matthew MacWilliams, the author of the study and a PhD candidate at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst, in Politico last December.

Placing Trump in the American historical context is tricky. In many ways, the real estate mogul/reality TV star/Twitter maven has no historical precedent. But in his ability to project strength, at least, Hart sees a hint of Ronald Reagan.

“If you were looking for the one link between President Reagan and Trump, it is the clear, straightforward, declarative language,” says Hart. “The difference is, Reagan was always the smiling face, with an upbeat, sunny message of ‘morning in America,’ and Trump is obviously stern and tough. And while he says he will ‘make America great again,’ essentially his language is much more negative and harsher.”

After Tuesday’s nominating contests, in which Trump gained more delegates than his top rival, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, the billionaire is one step closer to accomplishing an extraordinary feat: winning the Republican presidential nomination as a political novice, while bucking party orthodoxy on a range of issues, from trade to entitlements to the US’s role in the world to Planned Parenthood.

But ultimately, if Trump wins the Republican nomination, only one said they would never vote for him. That result flies in the face of polls that show major reservations about Trump by Republican voters. One recent survey shows more than a third of Republican voters in the “never Trump” camp.

On Tuesday, Trump and Senator Cruz performed as expected: Trump won the Arizona primary, and all 58 delegates at stake, with 47 percent of the vote. Senator Cruz won the Utah caucuses, and all 40 of the state’s delegates, with 69 percent of the vote. A contested GOP convention in July remains a possibility, but Trump still has potential to lock up the nomination before then.

In Arizona, about half of the voting took place before Tuesday, and the attacks in Brussels. Among those who voted on primary day, it’s not clear how the terror attack might have affected voters’ choices.

But Brussels certainly weighed heavily on the focus group voters in St. Louis. When asked for the “one thing” they’re looking for in the next president, voters named a range of qualities, including ability to get things done, high moral character, and toughness.

“You’ve got to be strong,” said Trump supporter Kevin Rotellio, a restaurant manager in his 40s. “We can’t be weak, or we might be the next terror attack.”

At another point, when the discussion turned to leadership style, one participant brought up a world leader whom Trump has said he admires.

“This business about Trump’s being outspoken and harsh and all that – isn’t Putin the same way? And he seems to be doing OK, so I don’t know that that’s bad,” said Joseph Glass, a retired engineer who voted for Ohio Gov. John Kasich in the Missouri primary.

The biggest reservations over Trump were voiced by women – a reflection of polling that shows women are more concerned than men by Trump’s manner, and an overall gender gap. When the group was asked by Mr. Hart if Trump would be different as president than he has been as a candidate, some expressed hope that that would be the case.

“If he surrounds himself with reasonable people, he will be different,” said Joyce Reinitz, a teacher who lists her party affiliation as “not strong Republican.” “He’ll still be opinionated. But he will have perhaps some of the social filters built in as personalities that will try to calm him down.”

Another woman, homemaker Gabrielle Ritter, also hoped for the calming influence of advisers, if Trump is elected. Ms. Ritter, an independent who voted for Cruz in the primary and came into the focus group with a “very unfavorable” view of Trump, wished “he could just come across more reasonable.”

“I’m concerned about him discussing deals with Putin or Iraq or the Middle East or Mexico,” she said. “I’m concerned, because of how he is portrayed in the media right now, how he is going to handle those situations, so that we don’t end up in a worse international situation. I think that the best decision that he could make is to choose a good cabinet of advisers to help him.”

Cherri Crenshaw, another independent woman who voted for Cruz, said she is looking for a president who is ""strong plus respectful."" When asked to elaborate, she responded: “It’s the opposite of Donald Trump. I think he is very strong, but I think he comes across as a bully. I don’t think you can lead the country when you’re demeaning people in such blatant ways.”

And yet of the 12, only one focus group participant said they could never vote for Trump. And when asked if they had reservations about Trump’s understanding of foreign policy, only one person raised their hand.

Dissatisfaction with the status quo is that high – high enough to put a foreign policy novice in the Oval Office. Frustration over the Obama years, and the inability to “get things done,” burns hot. And Republican voters, at least most of these voters, are prepared to bet on someone who is untested in government – even someone they don’t much like. They dismissed the concerns of the GOP “establishment” as “Washington politicians” who have nobody but themselves to blame for the rise of Trump.

Focus groups are an imperfect way to gauge public sentiment. (Though it must be noted that Hart as moderator, with the sponsorship of the Annenberg Public Policy Center at the University of Pennsylvania, is considered the gold standard.) Sometimes a form of “group think” can set in.

That may have been the case with this group, when all but one said they’d vote for Trump if he’s the nominee. But exasperation with the Obama administration, and the state of the country, may be so high by November that the vast majority of Republicans would be willing to pull the lever for Trump, despite the polls today.",1
825,"Done Deal? Clinton, Trump Shift to General Election after Big Wins","The front-runners in the race for president are one step closer to clinching their parties' nomination.

Donald Trump completed a five-state sweep in Tuesday's Republican presidential primaries, while Hillary Clinton won four out of the five states, losing only Rhode Island to her rival Bernie Sanders.

Now the two front-runners are beginning to shift their focus, with each expecting to go up against the other in the General Election.

""Frankly, if Hillary Clinton were a man, I don't think she would get 5 percent of the vote. The only thing she has got going is the woman's card,"" Trump told supporters.

Clinton fired back, saying, ""Well, if fighting for women's healthcare and paid family leave and equal pay is playing the 'woman's card,' then deal me in!""

The former secretary of state now has nearly 90 percent of the delegates needed to secure the Democratic nomination, and after a sweep of Tuesday's primaries, Trump is one step closer to avoiding a contested convention.

Meanwhile, Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, and Ohio Gov. John Kasich are hoping their alliance to stay out of each other's way in Indiana, Oregon, and New Mexico will help slow down Trump's momentum and block him from winning the nomination before the convention.

""I got good news for you tonight. This campaign moves back to more favorable terrain,"" Cruz told his supporters.

Currently, Trump has 950 delegates, Cruz has 560, and Kasich has 153. It takes 1,237 to win the nomination.

Meanwhile on the Democratic side, Sen. Bernie Sanders refuses to go quietly into the night.

""The fight we are waging is not an easy fight, but I know you are prepared to wage that fight,"" the Vermont lawmaker told supporters.

The candidates now move on to Indiana, with Sanders, Cruz, and Trump all holding events there Wednesday.

With Kasich pulling back in the Hoosier State, Cruz will basically have a shot at a one-on-one race against Trump. But if he loses, it could turn out to be his last stand.",1
2706,What Brian Williams’s Chopper Whopper Says About Modern News Media,"Embarrassing and infuriating: the NBC anchor’s ‘misstatements’ reveal much about America’s media environment.

By now, it may be time to paraphrase a famous remark by Rep. Mo Udall at an endless political dinner and conclude that, “Everything that can be said about Brian Williams has been said; it’s just that not everyone has said it yet.”

Consider what follows as a few footnotes to the Big Stuff—“Why did he do it?” “How bad were his misdeeds?” “Are there others?” “Can he survive?” In the reactions to the story of the Flak Attack That Wasn’t lie some telling realities about today’s media world.

There Is No “Wall of Silence.” My Twitter feed was—and still is—filed with assertions that the mainstream media will circle the wagons to protect one of their own. This is precisely what has not happened. The New York Times has published accounts that cast serious doubt not only on Williams’s later storytelling, but also on the original NBC story 12 years ago. Maureen Dowd’s Sunday column is brutal, reporting concerns within NBC News of Williams’s tendency to aggrandize himself. In The New Yorker, satirist Andy Borowitz wrote an acidic “diary” painting the NBC anchor as the embodiment of upper-class privilege. The Washington Post, CNN, Slate and The Daily Beast—media outlets that would never be confused with right-wing zealotry—have been highly critical of Williams. Only a few familiar faces—Dan Rather and TIME’s Joe Klein—have spoken up in Williams’s defense.

You can argue that these outlets been “forced” into this because the digital world makes it impossible to ignore the depredations of traditional media. Or you can note that the media themselves have come to accept that they need to be subject to the same critical gaze as other institutions. Thus the birth of ombudsmen and public accountability—from The New York Times and Jayson Blair’s tall tales, to the Washington Post’s Janet Cooke and her eight-year-old addict, to CBS and the George W. Bush National Guard story, to CNN’s Tailwind scandal and beyond. Whatever the reason, the notion that the “mainstream media” has rushed to protect Brian Williams is laughable.

Williams Made Himself A Perfect Target. There’s no more attractive story than one suggesting that an important or powerful figure is a hypocrite. It’s the war hawk urging the dispatch of young men and women into harm’s way, but whose draft deferments or sketchy medical condition exempted him from the draft. It’s the liberal voting to bus children to school while sending her kids to private academies. It’s the tribune of moral virtue paying for abortions for the staff assistant he knocked up. It’s the environmentalists flying to a climate change rally in a private jet.

Brian Williams is, in this sense, a perfect fit. His inaccurate, or misleading, or deeply dishonest account of what happened in Iraq seems to put the lie to a career that has featured him in the midst of one danger or another. To be clear on this point: Williams in fact has been in many places where natural disasters or violence have indeed involved risk. (I write as someone who, in more than 30 years of network TV reporting, found himself in physical danger exactly once, in South Africa, for a period of perhaps 15 minutes.)

But by steadily exaggerating the perils of his helicopter journey, he’s permitted critics to suggest that it was all an act; that he is not who he wanted us to think he is. He’s also opened the door to those who scoff at the danger journalists face. On Thursday, Rush Limbaugh scornfully referred to journalists who “put on a trench coat and stand in a street in Beirut.” This is a slanderous smear on the critically wounded Bob Woodruff and Kimberly Dozier, on Mike Kelly and David Bloom (who died in Iraq), on James Foley and other journalists beheaded by ISIS, on the 61 journalists killed in 2014. It is, however, a slander that will resonate, and it will resonate because Williams was apparently unwilling to let his record, unvarnished, speak for itself.

Have You Looked In the Mirror Lately? Brian Williams is one of many in the mainstream or traditional or legacy media who have warned about the difficulty of judging the credibility of “new media.” When a story is coming from somewhere “out there,” in the digital universe, with no imprimatur, where’s the institutional backup, where are the researchers, the editors, the fact-checkers, the accountability?

Well, in this case, it was the toolbox of the “new media” that exposed the holes (or lack of them) in the helicopter story. Facebook gave a member of the U.S. military the forum on which to challenge Williams (“Sorry, dude, I don't remember you being on my aircraft”). Moreover, there are a lot of questions still to be answered about why the NBC staffers who were with Williams never raised their voices to say: “Um Brian, about that story…”

As for what happens next: I don’t know what NBC—or outside investigators—are going to find. I don’t know if it makes sense (assuming no other transgressions) for Williams to sit down with a smart, tough but fair inquisitor—Megyn Kelly? Jon Stewart? The scheduled appearance on Letterman Thursday?—and answer whatever questions are thrown his way. It probably makes sense for Williams to shelve his considerable comedic gifts and stay away from Jimmy Fallon and Saturday Night Live.

I do know that there’s one idea that struck me as eminently on point. It comes from Matt Dowd, the recovering political operative and ABC News analyst, who tweeted: “Maybe [the] news media can learn from this episode and start being a little more compassionate when others mess up.”",1
2574,"Republicans have little reason to act on immigration — both today, but also before the 2016 primaries","Any idea that the Republican Party would vote on and pass reforms to immigration law apparently evaporated when voters in Virginia ousted then-Majority Leader Eric Cantor (R-Va.) in early June. But even before Cantor lost, there wasn't a lot of political incentive for Republicans to move on policy this year, as The Upshot blog of the New York Times pointed out on Monday. Looking at it cynically, most of the closely contested races this year are in states that have very small Hispanic populations.

But compared to the 2016 primary season, 2014 is practically a bonanza of diversity. If the metric is how much will this help me win my next election, there's very little incentive for the next Republican nominee to embrace reform until he or she has already accepted the party's nomination.

We'll start at the beginning. According to data from the Census Bureau, Iowa and New Hampshire, the first two states to weigh in on nominees, both had relatively small percentage of the voting age population that was Hispanic: 5.2 and 2.8 percent, respectively. Extrapolating out from 2008 to 2016, those numbers will grow slightly -- but only slightly. In the 2012 Iowa Republican caucus, a negligible percentage of voters -- essentially zero -- were Hispanic, according to entrance polls. In New Hampshire, it was about the same.

Josh Putnam, visiting assistant professor of political science at Davidson College in North Carolina, is tracking likely primary dates for 2016. (For the most part, they haven't yet been set as states jockey for influence.) Using his list as a guide, we can roughly game out the rest of primary process beyond Iowa and New Hampshire.

It's certain that voting will take place in Nevada and South Carolina at the front end of the calendar. South Carolina's got a similarly small percentage of voting-age Hispanics as New Hampshire, and, sure enough, it had a similarly tiny percentage of Hispanic voters in 2012.

Nevada is interesting. According to that Census data, Hispanics comprised about 22.8 percent of the voting age population in 2012 -- and if the trend from 2008 continues, will top 25 percent in 2016. Which is where we get into the other limiting factor: the type of election. Data from the George Mason University's United States Election Project indicates that about 57.1 percent of people of voting age in the state voted in the 2012 general election. But in picking the nominees? That dropped to 1.9 percent -- because Nevada, like so many other states, has a caucus system, which tends to limit involvement from all but the diehards. Only 5 percent of those who voted in Nevada's 2012 Republican caucus were Hispanic -- vastly under-represented as a share of the population.

The next states on Putnam's schedule are Colorado, Minnesota and Utah. They might try to jump ahead of South Carolina and Nevada. Colorado, which The Upshot notes is the only state that is both important in 2014 and has a decent-sized Hispanic population, will likely see Hispanics as about 20 percent of the population in 2016 and 12 percent of the voters -- in the general election. Colorado, too, has a caucus system; in 2012, according to the George Mason project, one voter participated in the caucus for every 39 that voted in November. As for the other two, Minnesota's voting-age Hispanic population is small -- likely under 4 percent of the total such population in 2016. Utah's should be bigger, nearly 17 percent. But only 7 percent of the people that come out to vote in the 2016 general in Utah will be Hispanic, if the trend holds.

The next three states, per Putnam, will likely be North Carolina, Arizona and Michigan. Arizona is the most heavily Hispanic, and its primary had about 12 percent turnout of the voting age population in 2012. But despite that population being about 17 percent Hispanic, exit polls showed that only about 8 percent of Republican primary voters were Hispanic.

There are two reasons for that lower turnout in the primary process. The first is that Hispanic turnout has been lower than the general public consistently in general elections. There's no reason to suspect that this is different in primaries.

The second reason for reduced turnout in Republican primaries in particular is that Hispanic voters tend to vote Democratic. In the 2012 general, Hispanic voters went for President Obama 71-27, with the older population trending slightly more toward Romney. This is the vicious political cycle the Republicans had hoped to escape: lower support among Hispanics because Republicans oppose immigration reform, but Republicans opposing comprehensive immigration reform in part because their base is so heavily non-Hispanic.

This map shows the expected percentage of the voting-age population of each state that will be Hispanic in 2016 (again, assuming trends hold).

The highest percentage of 2012 turnout from Hispanic voters was in those states in the southwest: Texas, California, Arizona and New Mexico. California and New Mexico are slated to vote in June -- at the very end of the process. Arizona, we mentioned above. Which leaves Texas.

In 2012, you might remember Texas's governor, Rick Perry (R), ran for president. Perry scolded critics of in-state tuition for the children of illegal immigrants, telling the critics, ""I don't think you have a heart."" For a variety of reasons -- that position included -- voters in Iowa and New Hampshire didn't reward Perry, and he dropped out before South Carolina.

But it reinforces the operative point: that you have to make it through a lot of very white states before Hispanic voters are a substantial part of the electorate. Perry didn't, dropping out long before Texas even voted.",1
4996,We don’t just need to see Trump’s taxes — we need a real medical report on him,"In the latest twist on the weirdest campaign ever, Donald Trump seems to have encouraged supporters to kill Hillary Clinton.  Trump said, “By the way, if she gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do folks. Although, the Second Amendment people maybe there is. I don’t know.”  Of course in the immediate aftermath of the loony homicidal comment, the Trump campaign is now saying that the “dishonest media” is misreading his claim.  That might hold water if it weren’t actually the second time that his campaign has supported killing Trump’s competition in the last month.

This latest attack also comes on the heels of  Trump’s crack at Clinton’s mental state last week in a rally in New Hampshire. “She is a totally unhinged person. She’s unbalanced. And all you have to do is watch her, see her, read about her.  She will cause — if she wins, which hopefully she won’t — the destruction of our country from within.”  If you didn’t know better, you’d think he was talking about himself.

Trump has spent his whole campaign attacking his competition. Name-calling, insulting, and bullying have been campaign staples.  But calling Clinton “unbalanced” is more than a simple tactic; it is a strategy that reverses one of the most pointed attacks on Trump—whether or not he might be well enough to serve and whether or not his limited mental capacity might lead to the destruction, not just of our country, but of the entire planet.

There has been a recent flurry of news media coverage that has focused on whether or not Trump might not be well, whether he might suffer from dementia or Alzheimer’s, and whether or not his thin skin and uncontrollable temper might be a problem for a president. Even more disturbing we learned of his inability to understand why we should not nuke Europe.  Then–after all that–we get the frightening and unhinged 2nd Amendment comment. Clearly we have reason to question whether or not he has the ability to do the job.

Anticipating that concern, Trump released a letter from his physician back in December attesting that“if elected, Mr. Trump, I can state unequivocally, will be the healthiest individual ever elected to the presidency.” When the letter was first released many laughed it off.  It seemed like yet another sign of a bombastic and surreal campaign.  But now that we are only months away from the general election it is time to return to that letter and wonder if it is further proof that Trump is scamming the US public.

Experts have mixed opinions on whether or not candidates should be required to release medical records.  Does a candidate have an expectation of privacy or does the public have the right to know about the health of their president? According to CNN, “In 2008, a high-profile panel of doctors recommended that presidential and vice-presidential candidates be required to undergo a health exam by an independent team of doctors from the American College of Physicians.” That effort failed, though, when it became clear that such a practice would become immediately politicized.

So, even though we require physicals of pilots, it is still not a requirement that a candidate for president release a full medical report.

That means Trump’s letter was optional, which makes it even more odd, given the fact that he isn’t interested in voluntarily releasing his tax returns.  What could have been the motivation for releasing what may well be the weirdest medical report in the history of presidential elections?

The letter does not uphold even the flimsiest medical standard and it uses hyperbolic language that has no connection at all to facts.  Aside from making the outrageous and completely unverifiable claim that Trump would be the healthiest president ever, it makes other odd statements.  We read, for instance, that he has had a medical exam that revealed “only positive results.” In the medical community a “positive result” means a bad prognosis. What we want are “normal” results.   The letter uses the word “excellent” twice in relation to medical tests—another oddity since again the standard would be to say “normal.”  The letter also states that Trump’s only medical issue was an appendectomy but there is no mention of the bone spur, which kept him from serving in Viet Nam.

Apart from the lack of scientific rigor, the letter starts with “To Whom My Concern.” It is worth pausing to worry that the physician who has been taking care of Trump since 1980 has such a poor command of the English language. In fact, the language in the letter mirrors the same sort of bombastic language common to Trump-speak. The writing was so bizarre that it led Robert Reich to wonder if it had been written by Trump himself. So who exactly is the doctor that signed this letter? Well, as if the letter weren’t strange enough,Trump’s post on Facebook said it had been “written by the highly respected Dr. Jacob Bornstein of Lenox Hill Hospital.” But, Trump can’t even seem to get the name of his physician right, since the letter states it was written by Jacob’s son, Dr. Harold Bornstein who took over care for Trump after his father retired. Bornstein junior is a gastroenterologist, hardly the sort of specialty designed to offer a comprehensive overview of a patient’s health.  The irony that Trump’s bill of good health comes from a doctor who specializes in the gastrointestinal tract should not be missed.  Recall that when Stephen Colbert introduced “Trumpiness” to his viewers while covering the RNC, he explained that “Trumpiness” was a lot like “Truthiness”—except that rather than describe truth coming from the gut, “Trumpiness” comes from lower down the digestive track.  If Trump gets all of his ideas from his bowels, then maybe a gastroenterologist is exactly the sort of doctor he needs. But all kidding aside, Bornstein’s specialty simply doesn’t qualify him to speak of the fitness of Trump overall.  He attests to facets of Trump’s health that are well outside of his area of expertise.  Even more bizarre, since the letter went public, Bornstein has stayed mostly under the radar. His websitehas been pulled down.  And his Facebook account is mostly inactive. If you want to check out the doctor, your best shot is this wacky profile picture.  There were also lots of memes produced after the letter surfaced. Even The Daily Show did a funny bit on it. It all makes for a good laugh, but the time for joking about Trump is over.  While his tax returns might give us a glimpse into the reality of his business practices, his medical letter may be even more revealing.  It was optional to release it, but now that it is in the public domain we have a right to question it. It is blatantly obvious that it isn’t fully accurate. Now it is worth wondering if any of it is true. Imagine if the media decided that this letter was as important to investigate as just one of Clinton’s emails.  Until they do, we can only guess which of the two candidates is the most “unbalanced.”",1
3764,Police morale can wait: How the Baltimore riots should reshape Attorney General Loretta Lynch’s agenda,"But even though it is ultimately an egalitarian ruler, wreaking havoc on the old, young, good and bad alike, Time seems to hold a special grudge against Loretta Lynch, the woman who, after an unprecedented delay, was finally sworn in on Monday as the 83rd attorney general in the history of the United States.

The first indication that Time has it in for Lynch was also the most obvious: the Senate’s 167-day-long dawdle. But while it was obviously wrong to make the first African-American woman ever nominated for the post wait so absurdly long to be confirmed (only two of Lynch’s 82 predecessors waited longer), I’m hesitant to throw the fault entirely on Time’s shoulders. The attack was launched by Republicans, after all; Time was merely their weapon.

But the second piece of evidence that Time may be holding a particular grudge against the attorney general was more palpable: the riots that convulsed Baltimore this weekend and paralyzed the city on Monday. Because although Lynch obviously had nothing to do with the disorder, the riots’ fires show with blinding clarity that Lynch’s first goal — which is “improving police morale,” according to the Times — is entirely premature. The wanton destruction of property cannot be legitimated; but simply criticizing anarchy and praising law enforcement won’t bring the mayhem to an end. And it won’t provide justice.

In many ways, the chaos in Baltimore is just the latest iteration of one of America’s saddest and longest-running stories. It is another example of what Martin Luther King once called “the language of the unheard.” King was speaking then of the riots that traumatized much of the country during the summer of 1966. But the social ills he described as kindling for the riot’s fire — poverty, police brutality and malign neglect — are, despite the nearly 49 years that followed, still powerful forces in America today.

For this particular moment, though, it’s Baltimore Police Department’s documented history of lawless violence that’s been identified as the riots’ inspiration. Protestors and rioters — who, it’s worth noting, are usually not the same — cite as their catalyst the death of Freddie Gray, a 25-year-old African-American man and Baltimorean. On April 12, Gray was arrested by officers from the BPD. When police detained Gray and put him in a van for transportation, he was walking; by the time the trip was over, he had a broken neck. He died on April 19th.

No one yet knows for sure exactly what happened to Gray during that trip and in that van. There are reports that he was taken out at one point and beaten, but an autopsy showed no injuries except for those to his spinal cord and neck. The BPD has already admitted that its officers did not provide Gray with the necessary medical care. But the main question — Why was he able to run from the police in the morning, but struggling to breathe by nightfall? — has gone unanswered, though an increasing number suspect the widespread, grotesque practice of giving “a rough ride” is to blame.

Yet the fact that such a thing could happen, and only become a major story after the activism of peaceful protesters (and the destructive hijacking of violent rioters), is exactly the problem. The fact that the BPD’s reputation is such that many Baltimoreans heard Gray’s story with weary outrage rather than shock or indignation is exactly the problem. The fact that the BPD rank-and-file evidently feels so comfortable with extralegal brutality, and are so accustomed to wielding it, that demands for accountability has left them panicking — that, too, is exactly the problem. I’m quite certain that, at least to some extent, Attorney General Lynch would agree. But that’s why it’s so unfortunate that news of her interest in “finding common ground between law enforcement and minority communities” came when it did. Because once the last stone is thrown, the fires are put out, and the state of emergency in Maryland is lifted, what Baltimore and the countless places in the U.S. like it will need is not another conversation. And finding “common ground” won’t be what America needs from its attorney general or its Department of Justice. What will be needed instead is for the authorities in Baltimore, Maryland and D.C. to stop pandering to the police unions who demand carte blanche in the field and an endless line of officials singing about their valor. What will be needed instead are signs that the authorities take fears of the rise of the “warrior cop” and police militarization seriously, and that they will no longer see the deaths of people like Gray as “tragic.” Because they’re not cosmic acts of injustice; they’re crimes. To suspend (with pay) the officers who may be responsible is not enough — and Lynch needs to make clear that she understands that, and that her predecessor’s groundbreaking report on Ferguson, Missouri, was no aberration. What will be needed, in short, is for the people most apt to use “the language of the unheard” to feel that someone who matters is finally listening. And that those in public office prove with actions that they believe it when they say an African-American life is worth no less than a cop’s. Now is not the time for Lynch to focus on making law enforcement happy. Now is the time for her to promote equal justice. Improving police morale can wait.",1
3168,Major Corporate Sponsors Are Scaling Back Support for GOP Convention,"From Coca-Cola to Microsoft, companies that gave big bucks to the 2012 convention that nominated Mitt Romney are slashing this year’s budgets for the July coronation of Donald Trump.

Some of America’s largest corporations, which backed the Republican National Convention that nominated Mitt Romney in 2012, are lurching away from sponsoring the 2016 confab. Under pressure from anti-Trump advocacy groups, corporations that have traditionally not hesitated to drop millions on national conventions are limiting their contributions and scaling back their activities.

Coca-Cola, for example, contributed $660,000 to the convention in 2012 but is dramatically drawing down the amount it is giving this year. The corporation gave $75,000 to both parties’ conventions this time around, a company spokesman told The Daily Beast, stressing that the contribution took place in 2015. Coca-Cola has indicated to anti-Trump groups that it will not give any more.

And Microsoft, which contributed $1.5 million in cash and services to the Republican National Convention in 2012, said in a press release just days ago that it “decided last fall to provide a variety of Microsoft technology products and services instead of making a cash donation.” If it did indeed make that decision last fall, it put off the announcement until just last week, after an anti-Trump coalition had began pounding its drums.

“Both Coca-Cola and Microsoft have agreed to end cash donations to political conventions that promote hate and bigotry, and we applaud their decision to do so,” said Farhana Khera, the executive director of Muslim Advocates, which is part of the coalition. “We hope that other companies will take their lead and send a strong message against hate.”

Still, some of America’s largest technology companies are charging full steam ahead. AT&T, which provided $3 million in 2012, will be an official communications provider for the July convention. Google will serve as the official livestream provider in Cleveland. And Facebook will support both Republican and Democratic conventions.

Many of the 2012 Republican convention’s biggest sponsors didn’t respond to requests for comment from The Daily Beast, including the American Petroleum Institute, Florida Power and Light, and Lockheed Martin, which were responsible for combined millions in contributions last cycle.

Sheldon Adelson contributed $5 million to the 2012 convention, making him the largest individual donor, but a spokesman didn’t respond to a question about this year’s convention. Marketing Solution Publications, run by financier William Edwards, gave the largest corporate donation last cycle at $4 million. But Edwards had nothing to say after The Daily Beast called his office asking if he would re-up this year.

Or, as in the case of Walmart, companies said they had not yet made up their mind about whether they would sponsor the convention, less than three months before the event.

In off-the-record asides, corporation spokespersons insisted to The Daily Beast that the convention is really about supporting the city of Cleveland, or the democratic process, or open political dialogue. The contributions aren’t an endorsement, they said, and in any case the corporations donate the same amount to both parties.

“They are sponsoring a party for Trump,” said Rashad Robinson, executive director of Color of Change, another group urging corporations not to contribute to the event. “Muslim kids being bullied, Latino kids being yelled at with threats of deportation at sporting events…these corporations are closing their eyes, closing their ears, closing their mouths, and handing over their wallets.”

Corporations could be forgiven for seeking to distance themselves from the Cleveland convention. Even leading Republicans are going skip the event: four of the past five GOP presidential nominees—Mitt Romney, John McCain, George W. Bush, and George H.W. Bush—are declining to attend.

The Cleveland 2016 Host Committee, which aims to raise $64 million for the Republican convention, had a relatively slow month of fundraising—coinciding with a period of intense uncertainty over who the Republican nominee might be, or whether the nominee would even be decided by July.",1
3494,Admit it: You love Tax Day! (Opinion),"Edward J. McCaffery is Robert C. Packard trustee chair in law and a professor of law, economics and political science at the University of Southern California. He is the author of ""Fair Not Flat: How to Make the Tax System Better and Simpler."" The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author.

It turns out that the group for whom things ended well had significantly more positive recollections of the whole affair from its beginning. The psychology of it is simple to understand: Happy endings matter. Even an unpleasant experience can lead to happy memories in hindsight if it ends well.

So too with taxes.

Let's just say that when it comes to taxes for the average American, ""stuff"" happens (keeping the colonoscopy metaphor running), paycheck to tax-reduced paycheck. But recent statistics suggest that 8 out of 10 American taxpayers get a refund when they file their taxes, and the average amount is close to $3000 . That pays for a lot of stuff. To make the good news even better, tax filing has gotten rather simple for most people, with various software and service providers offering to do the dreaded paperwork for free. No filing headaches and a check to boot. What's not to like?

The fact of the matter is there is plenty not to like when it comes to the U.S. tax system. For example, the laws are biased against two-worker marriages; taxes go up when two relatively equal earners marry, as the rate brackets for couples are less than double that for single filers. Taxes are also overly complex and essentially optional for the truly rich , who make their wealth off of their existing wealth, the largely untaxed returns from capital, rather than by getting ordinary paychecks like most of us.

But now is not the time to explain such serious matters; the people are too busy spending their refunds. The once dreaded Tax Day has become a happy spending spree for most Americans. This state of short-term bliss follows from some deep trends in our tax laws. In brief, the U.S. income tax system is increasingly a wage tax, with limited taxes on capital (what the rich have) and limited deductions for most of us. For example, 3 out of 4 Americans using a standard deduction get no break for their charitable contributions. All of this has been hashed and rehashed by politicians, professors and pundits. But who has time for that? Let's go to our television sets and check out the commercials. One clever spot ran during the recent Super Bowl, suggesting that the Boston Tea Party -- a tax revolt -- could have been averted with free online filing, which the sponsor was eager to provide. Filling out 1040s was part of what made the income tax so odious for the masses for such a long time -- who doesn't remember our parents fretting over shoeboxes of receipts sometime in April, the cruelest month? Now as Tax Day approaches, we are flooded with advertisements about America getting its billions back, without even having to pay to prepare the forms. We get paid to play! Here is the happy ending that Kahneman and others have shown can mitigate the memories of unpleasantness past. The simple fact is that a simple tax is also rather simple to administer. Service providers kindly offer to help out the masses of befuddled Americans. Of course, these kind souls want their happy endings too. They are betting that once the large refunds become obvious to their customers, the grateful taxpayers-turned-consumers will happily purchase add-on services, such as ""audit protection insurance,"" or perhaps deposit the money in financial accounts managed by the provider. Just as lottery winners notoriously go on impulsive spending sprees, the ""found money"" of tax returns can finance many nice purchases. Of course, there are still those annoying matters of the deep unfairness of the tax laws, biased against modern families and wage earners, and in favor of the rich living off capital. No real bother -- stuff happens. Let others fret about fairness. As long as our taxpaying or colon procedures end with a smile -- or a check -- who has time to dwell on the bad stuff that came before?",1
131,Obama On Baltimore: 'This Is Not New',"President Barack Obama on Tuesday addressed the eruption of protests and riots in Baltimore following the death of Freddie Gray, condemning the violent demonstrations while acknowledging that the underlying problems plaguing the city are ""not new"" and will require national ""soul-searching"" to solve.

During a press conference with Japan's prime minister, Shinzo Abe, Obama was asked by NBC News' Chris Jansing about the growing frustration that not enough is being done in communities like Baltimore.

Obama said his thoughts are with Gray's family as well as the police injured in Monday's protests, and he criticized the violent approach taken by some demonstrators.

""There's no excuse for the kind of violence we saw yesterday,"" he said. ""It is counterproductive. When individuals get crowbars and start prying open doors to loot, they're not protesting. They're not making a statement. They're stealing. When they burn down a building they're committing arson, and they're destroying and undermining businesses and opportunities in their own communities that rob jobs and opportunities from people in that area.""

""They were constructive and they were thoughtful,"" he said of those demonstrations. ""And frankly it didn't get much attention. And one burning building will be looped on television ... and the thousands of demonstrators who did it the right way have been lost in the discussion.""

He continued, ""Since Ferguson and the task force that we put together, we have seen too many incidences of what appears to be police officers interacting with individuals -- primarily African-American, often poor -- in ways that raise troubling questions. It comes up, it seems like, once a week now. Or once every couple of weeks. So I think its pretty understandable why the leaders of civil rights organizations, but more importantly moms and dads, might start saying this is a crisis. What I'd say is this has been a slow rolling crisis.""

""We have to own up to the fact that occasionally there are going to be problems here,"" he said.

""We can't just leave this to the police. I think there are police departments that have to do some soul-searching. I think there are some communities that have to do so some soul-searching. But I think we as a country have to do some soul-searching. This is not new. It's been going on for decades,"" he said. ""If we are serious about solving this problem, then we're going to not only help the police, we're going to have to think about what we can do, the rest of us.""

""That's hard. That requires more than just the occasional news report or task force,"" he said. ""If we really want to solve the problem, we could, it's just it would require everybody saying this is important, this is significant and that we just don't pay attention to these communities when a CVS burns. And we don't just pay attention when a man gets shot or has his spine snapped.""

Violent protests broke out in the Maryland city on Monday following the funeral for Gray, the 25-year-old who died last week after suffering a spinal injury while in police custody. At least 15 police officers were injured and 27 individuals were arrested during Monday's protests.",1
3073,Booze Brands Polarize Just Like Politicians,"A gay man is selling beer during the NBA playoffs.

In a light-hearted ad airing repeatedly during the pro basketball games, television- and Broadway-star Neil Patrick Harris is hawking Heineken Light. I noticed the commercial in part because it's such a stark counterpoint to a more traditional alcohol ad airing during the playoffs.

In that ad, part of a series, actor Ray Liotta sidles up to a bar silent and cool, staring down another guy who lacks the requisite guyness to order the same 1800 Tequila as Liotta. (Before Liotta, another actor who became famous playing a mobster, Michael Imperioli, played the tequila brand's tough guy.) The chief creative officer of the ad agency behind the Liotta ads told Adweek, ""It's about what tequila used to be, which is mystery and toughness -- a guy's guy's drink.""

Actually, it's about something even more rudimentary: preying (dully, predictably) on masculine insecurity for profit.

Beer advertising has traditionally been a bro world, with a visual vocabulary limited to stereotypical expressions of masculinity. Tough guys and hot babes rule. Heineken is offering a different vision. Although light beer tends to get less macho treatment, a clever, funny, glib, gay, Tony-winning, song-and-dance man is not the beer-hawking norm -- Harris's past engagement with bro culture notwithstanding.

A few years ago, Heineken targeted masculine insecurity in the ugliest way, basically marketing misogyny in 12-ounce increments. An ad featured Jay Z fetching himself a Heineken and disregarding a female friend's request to refill her champagne glass. Like Liotta in the tequila ad, Jay Z conveyed his contempt for the unworthy other in the frame. Jay Z is world-renowned for his remarkable capacity to articulate. Yet to sell beer, the mega-famous rapper went mute.

A 2013 Harvard Business Review article on brand polarization cited a competition between two hard cider brands in the U.K. After a new advertising campaign helped transform Magners, a cider, into ""a hip drink for young upscale professionals, a demographic that hadn’t consumed much cider in the past,"" a rival brand, Strongbow, decided to ""drive a wedge in the market.""

Heineken's choice of Harris seems indicative of a similar kind of polarization, although class seems a less obvious wedge here than cultural politics. In the familiar landscape of beer marketing, Harris counts as counter-cultural. Even less obvious choices have caused friction. A 2013 Cheerios ad featuring a multiracial family may not have been intended to polarize -- but judging from the racist reactions it elicited, it surely did. When the cereal brand opted to follow up with another ad using the same multiracial actors, however, it knew exactly where it was planting its cultural flag: with the emerging multiracial majority and in opposition to racial conservatives.

Likewise, a 2014 Cadillac ad that all but screams ""Republican"" is too knowingly crafted to be any kind of mistake. It traffics in snide stereotypes about Europeans and suggests that buying more ""stuff"" -- including a Cadillac -- is the reward for people who make their own luck. (So spare me your liberal sob story about inequality and lack of opportunity.)

The linkage of political identities and brands isn't new. (Democratic Subarus, Republican Cadillacs, as the New York Times reported.) It makes sense that a polarized cultural and political sphere would encourage polarized consumer branding, as well. If you watch the Harris Heineken ad and the Liotta tequila ad, you can't help but make assumptions about a host of underlying values being conveyed. Harris may like plenty of ""stuff,"" for example -- he's rich and famous and can afford it -- but he seems a better fit with the Cheerios family. And we don't have to guess where he stands on gay marriage. After Liotta's character leaves the bar, by contrast, it's not hard to imagine him riding off into the sunset, silent and alone -- in a Cadillac with a Ted Cruz sticker on the bumper.

Perhaps we'll know that political polarization is easing when we can watch a game on TV without having to choose teams even during the commercial breaks.

This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg View's editorial board or Bloomberg LP, its owners and investors.

To contact the author on this story:

 Francis Wilkinson at fwilkinson1@bloomberg.net

To contact the editor on this story:

 Zara Kessler at zkessler@bloomberg.net",1
4047,Why Greece and Iran seem willing to take on the world (+video),"As they navigate their respective crises, both Greek and Iranian governments are trumpeting a historical narrative that portrays them as the victim of big-power efforts to subjugate the less powerful.

Who do Greece and Iran think they are?

As global powers find themselves locked in face-offs with two relatively small states – economic powerhouse Germany and the European Union with Greece over its debt, and the United States and five other world powers with Iran over its nuclear program – exasperation is growing among the “bigs” that their smaller counterparts are not bowing to reality and accepting compromise faster than they are.

After all, it’s Greece that risks a full financial collapse without another European bailout, and Iran whose economy has been slammed by international sanctions that will only be lifted if Tehran agrees to a deal limiting its nuclear ambitions and opening its nuclear facilities to inspection.

The major powers in both crises see mounting brinkmanship and intransigence where they feel reason should prevail. But both Greece and Iran are engaging their more powerful interlocutors in a manner that suggests how much they are driven by the more ephemeral motivations of dignity and mutual respect.

The Greek and Iranian examples aren’t the first instances where smaller states have used the scenario of the little guy being stepped on by big, bad bullies to further their cases, particularly with domestic audiences. The imbalance of power in both diplomatic confrontations has seemed to reinforce the determination in Athens and Tehran to stand firm on what they see as their sovereign interests.

But even if the appeal to a sense of national dignity resonates, some diplomatic analysts say taking pride too far can end up closing off escape routes to countries in crisis – ultimately working against their public's interests.

“In both these cases of high-powered negotiations – Greece over its debt crisis and Iran over its nuclear program – the smaller country feels it’s facing the opprobrium of the rest of the world,” says Mark Hibbs, a Berlin-based senior associate with the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace. “That has led to an us-versus-them sentiment that has fed off of each country’s strong sense of national pride, and in both cases the leaders have played that card with their populations.”

But in both cases, too much focus on national dignity has helped push the negotiations to the brink of failure, Mr. Hibbs adds – an outcome he says does not serve the interests of either country.

In the Iran case, international negotiations in Vienna that faced a Tuesday deadline were extended to the end of the week, with both sides saying significant progress was made in recent days but that critical sticking points remained.

As for Greece, a referendum Sunday that screamed nationalist pride as voters rejected Europe-imposed austerity measures has been followed by Greek calls for renewed debt-relief talks and a European cold shoulder, particularly from Germany.

As they navigate their respective crises, both the Greek and Iranian governments are trumpeting a historical narrative that portrays them as the victim of big-power efforts to subjugate and dominate the less powerful, some analysts say.

“In both Iran and Greece they have spent decades cultivating a narrative of grievance,” says Peter Feaver, a professor of international relations at Duke University in Durham, N.C. “So in that atmosphere you have [German Chancellor Angela] Merkel transformed into Adolf Hitler, and the America of Obama turned into the America of the 1950s,” when the US engineered a coup in Tehran that installed the late Shah Reza Pahlavi in power, he adds.

To the Western powers and international institutions dealing with Iran on nuclear ambitions and Greece on its debt, “that narrative is beside the point of the matters at hand, it’s not today’s story,” Dr. Feaver says. “But to the Iranian and Greek delegations, that longer historical context does make sense,” he adds. “It serves as a filter for distorting the policy options.”

The narrative of smaller countries confronting the injustices of the world’s arrogant powers is a longtime staple of Iranian rhetoric in particular, Carnegie’s Hibbs says. Iran has claimed an international right to an indigenous nuclear power program since the early 2000s, he notes, and has portrayed international efforts to investigate Iran’s nuclear facilities as a veiled attempt by “the Great Satan” and other world powers to deny Iran an international right.

To a large extent that narrative fell into disuse in Greece as the country joined the powerful club that is the European Union, and then entered the even more restricted inner circle in the Eurozone. But the narrative of the aggrieved has returned with a vengeance, Hibbs says, as Germany’s powerbroker role in the country’s debt-relief negotiations has revived memories of Nazi Germany’s occupation of Greece.

But Hibbs says that both Greece and Iran are “picking and choosing” among historical facts to suit their narrative, leaving aside those that don’t fit the story they wish to tell.

“In both cases there’s a kind of historical amnesia,” he says. “You hear about rights and dignity, but you don’t hear Iranians acknowledging their country’s two decades of systematically violating international obligations” related to the nuclear program, he says.

“You don’t hear the Greeks saying they’re in this mess because of past [financial] commitments they didn’t honor,” Hibbs adds. “At some point, you’d like part of the picture to be the Greeks facing their responsibilities in addressing their problems.”

Duke’s Feaver agrees that Greece has played up the “powerful narrative of big countries imposing things on a smaller country” when it should be looking at its own role in its difficulties.

But he also sees a danger in equating the Greek and Iranian cases, when the game he sees Iran playing is much more about expansive ambitions than about addressing grievances.

“Iran is a country with imperial ambitions and it plays a much more problematic role in the region, and that does figure in the nuclear talks,” Feaver says. “Greece’s peccadilloes are much more of the ordinary sort,” he adds, “things like a dysfunctional public sector and overspending and petty corruption. So in that sense it’s not fair to lump them together.”

Moreover, he says that the Greeks face real-life upheaval and impoverishment as a result of coming to terms with Germany and the EU that go beyond the ephemeral injuries of a supposed wounded national pride.

“The Greeks are being asked to do things that are not just a matter of pride, but which would be very disruptive of Greek citizens’ lives,” he says. “But in material terms, what is being asked of Iran [in the nuclear talks] does not put in jeopardy the average Iranian citizen – although it may be problematic for the military part of the Iranian state.”

The injured dignity argument may have won the Iranian regime some points at home, and it may even resonate with other “small” states.

But Feaver says Western powers, and in particular the US, should stand up to it and address it for the negotiating tactic that it is.

“I think President Obama wants to say, ‘Wait a minute Iran, this is not about the little guy defying the strong, it’s not about the powerful trying to dominate the weak; this is about the rule of law.’ ”",1
5083,"Hillary Clinton Promises Steady Leadership, More Jobs in Historic Speech","Twenty four years ago Hillary Clinton walked on stage at the 1992 Democratic National Convention, as the hopeful future first lady. Thursday night she walked on stage at the 2016 convention as the first woman to accept the presidential nomination of a major U.S. political party.

""Stronger together"" was the overwhelming theme Thursday evening as Clinton took the stage, with an early shout-out to Bernie Sanders supporters, some of whom protested her nomination with glow in the dark shirts.

Clinton's main efforts focused on differentiating herself from rival Donald Trump, as well as focusing on the ""steady leadership"" she would provide on foreign policy and the economy.

Largely absent from her speech: mentions of faith, religious liberty and abortion. She did get in a dig at Trump's proposed ban on Muslims entering the country, saying ""we will not ban a religion.""

She also referenced her Methodist faith, telling of her mother's admonition to ""do all the good you can, for all the people you can, in all the ways you can, as long as ever you can.""

Aside from Clinton making history as the first female presidential nominee from a major U.S. political party, her daughter Chelsea is also making history, having both of her parents run as the presidential candidate for their party.

""I am here as a proud American, a proud Democrat, a proud mother, and tonight in particular a very, very proud daughter,"" Chelsea Clinton said in her speech introducing her mother.

""I am so grateful to be her daughter, she makes me proud every single day,"" Clinton said.

Although Hillary Clinton won the nomination, the big question surrounding her historic night was would she be able to garner the attention and popularity she needs in order for Democrats to get behind her. She was quick to praise President Barack Obama whose legacy she hopes to build on.

""America is stronger because of Obama's leadership,"" Clinton said.

In an attempt at party unity she also pointedly affirmed her former opponent Bernie Sanders in the first few minutes of her speech, hoping to appease his supporters.

Her focus later turned to rival Donald Trump as she alternately fired away at his campaign and cast a vision for her own.

""Don't let anyone tell you our country is weak. We are not. Don't let anyone tell you we don't have what it takes--we do,"" Clinton said.

She continued to tell the audience to never believe someone who says he can fix the country on his own, referring to Trump.

""He is forgetting every last one of us,"" Clinton said.

She went on to use her campaign slogan saying, ""We can fix it together,"" and referenced her book, It takes a Village.

""'Stronger together' is not just a slogan for our campaign, but a guiding principle,"" she said.

Clinton made multiple promises throughout the nearly one-hour speech, from her plan to support ""local forces"" to take out ISIS to creating ""more good jobs with rising wages"" in the United States.

She also promised to work with Sen. Bernie Sanders on education.

""Bernie Sanders and I will work together to make college tuition free for the middle class and debt-free for all. We will also liberate millions of people who already have student debt,""  she said.

Clinton assured her audience that she'll provide the necessary leadership in foreign policy and attacked Trump's ability to handle complicated foreign affairs.

""Imagine him in the Oval Office facing a real crisis,"" she said. ""A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons.""

Clinton said the United States will prevail over ISIS, promising to strike its sanctuaries from the air, support local forces on the ground and increase intelligence.

Earlier on Thursday, FBI Director James Comey warned of the great threat the U.S. faces with the growing terrorist organization.

Clinton ended the night on a note of promise for the future, telling Americans, ""We are stronger together.""",1
4027,Obama: U.S. cannot solve the world's problems alone,"President Obama told the United Nations on Monday that they must all work together on an array of challenges — from Syria to Ukraine, from poverty to climate change — because ""the United States cannot solve the world's problems alone.""

While making a largely thematic address to the U.N. General Assembly about the need for global cooperation, Obama also had harsh words for Russia just hours ahead of a tense meeting with President Vladimir Putin later on Monday.

The president criticized Russia's aggression in eastern Ukraine and its annexation of Crimea, saying ""we cannot stand by when the sovereignty and territorial integrity of a nation is flagrantly violated.""

While not citing the Russian president by name, Obama also challenged Putin's assertion that the only solution to the conflict and refugee crisis Syria is to back Bashar al-Assad, describing him as a tyrant ""who drops barrel bombs to massacre innocent children.""

Throughout his 42-minute speech, Obama also defended the Iran nuclear agreement and questioned a Chinese military build-up in the South China Sea that has drawn protests from U.S. allies like Japan and South Korea. He extolled the new U.S. approach to Cuba, and called on Congress to lift the decades-long economic embargo against the communist island.

Obama also pledged to continue the fight against the threats of the Islamic State — ""we will not be outlasted by extremists"" — but said other nations need to participate, a common theme of his U.S. address.

""Together, we must strengthen our collective capacity to establish security where order has broken down, and to support those who seek a just and lasting peace,"" Obama said.

U.N. members also need to work together to face challenges ranging from extreme poverty to violence against women to trade and global economic development to the ravages of climate change, Obama said.

Referring to a conference in December seeking a global climate change agreement, Obama said ""the United States will work with every nation that is willing to do its part so that we can come together in Paris to decisively confront this challenge.""

In stressing the need for multi-lateral action, Obama cited the U.S. problems with the war in Iraq, citing ""the hard lesson that even hundreds of thousands of brave, effective troops, trillions of dollars from our Treasury, cannot by itself impose stability on a foreign land.""

Obama also criticized dictatorships and authoritarian governments across the globe, including Iran where hard-liners continue to criticize the United States in spite of the lifting of sanctions in the wake of the nuclear deal. ""Chanting Death to America does not create jobs, or make Iran more secure,"" Obama said.

Recent history proves that ""dictatorships are unstable,"" Obama said: ""You can jail your opponents but you can't imprison ideas.""

Speaking 70 years after the founding of the United Nations, Obama praised the work of the organization founded in the ashes of World War II and designed an to prevent a third global conflict.

Through its work, Obama said, lives have been saved, agreements forged, diseases conquered, and mouths fed, although ""we come together today knowing that the march of human progress never travels in a straight line, that our work is far from complete, that dangerous currents risk pulling us back into a darker, more disordered world.""

Later on Monday, Obama meets separately with two powerful world leaders: Prime Minister Narendra Modi of India, and Putin of Russia.

Speaking to the General Assembly shortly after Obama, Putin said countries should back Assad because his government in Syria is fighting Islamic State militants. The Russian leader chided the U.S. for backing Syrian rebels, saying some of them have defected to the IS.

As for Ukraine, Putin said a ""coup"" that evicted a pro-Russian leader has led to a civil war in that country.

Obama will also attend a U.N. luncheon, chair a meeting on peacekeeping efforts, and host a reception for General Assembly delegates.

As Obama spoke to delegates at the United Nations, the White House issued a memorandum pledging support for peacekeeping missions, and ordering executive agencies to help. The United States is looking for similar pledges from other nations, and Obama told U.N. delegates that ""we have to do it together.""

During his speech to the General Assembly, Obama also made references of some of politics surrounding the U.S. presidential election. In an apparent reference to Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, Obama denounced voices who call for ""walls"" designed to ""keep out immigrants.""

In his repeated call for greater global cooperation, Obama noted what he called ""increasing skepticism of our international order,"" and of government in general. He blamed some of it on ""greater polarization, more frequent gridlock,"" and various movements ""on the far right, and, sometimes, the left.""

Critics of the system are also exploiting ""the fears of ordinary people,"" Obama said, creating ""a politics of us versus them.""

Globalization is fact, however, and ""we cannot look backwards,"" Obama said.

""We live in an integrated world,"" he said, ""one in which we all have a stake in each other's success.""",1
4587,How hackers eroded Americans' trust in democratic process,"Even if hackers don't strike on Election Day, the drumbeat of cyberattacks and leaks this campaign cycle has affected the way citizens view the electoral process.

—Even if hackers don't actually try to tamper with voting Tuesday, the unprecedented amount of cyberattacks this campaign cycle – and the public warnings of possible Election Day digital fraud – has already had a profound impact on American democracy.

Consider this: In the wake of widespread hacks against political organizations this summer, a survey from cybersecurity firm Carbon Black found that 38 percent of Americans are ""concerned"" that the election itself could be hacked, while another 18 percent are ""very concerned."" Just 11 percent of respondents said they were ""not concerned at all.""

These fears of digital sabotage, apparently, led 1 out of 5 respondents to say they might not even vote.

If that's representative of the entire electorate, it means that some 15 million people could stay home Tuesday – as a result of a hacking campaign the Obama administration has blamed on Russia.

After an unknown group or person known as Guccifer 2.0 claimed responsibility for the hack on the Democratic National Committee this summer, the Department of Homeland Security and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence blamed senior Russian officials for orchestrating the breach as part of a broader effort to sway American public opinion and undermine trust in the election.

But the high-profile accusation didn't quash Guccifer: It resurfaced once again over the weekend to hint at more Election Day tampering: ""I will monitor that the elections are held honestly. I also call on other hackers to join me, monitor the elections from inside and inform the US society about the facts of electoral fraud.""

While election and cybersecurity experts dismissed that claim as hyperbole, it may be a ""last-ditch effort"" to sway the vote or deter people from heading to the polls, Justin Fier, director for cyber intelligence and analysis with security firm Darktrace, told PCWorld. ""His goal during all this time has been public influence.""

Warnings that voting booths might be hacked have certainly put state election officials on alert for any abnormalities Tuesday. DHS officials say they've spoken to all 50 states about providing help with scanning their systems for risks and offering other services, but wouldn’t detail the assistance specific states had received.

But even if foreign hackers can't compromise actual voting systems, the internet campaign to spread fear of vote hacking and manipulation may be enough to have a major impact on public trust.

Daniel Chiu, deputy director of the Brent Scowcroft Center on International Security at the Atlantic Council, noted that since Republican candidate Donald Trump and others are claiming the election could be rigged, hackers don't need to actually strike on Tuesday to discredit the vote. ""Merely a credible claim of doing so could compel voters to cry foul and undermine the legitimacy of the vote both at home in the US and abroad,"" said Mr. Chiu.

To be sure, successfully compromising voting machines would be difficult, say experts.

""The US election landscape is made up of approximately 9,000 different state and local jurisdictions, providing a patchwork of laws, standards, processes, and voting machines,"" noted Ian Gray, cyber intelligence analyst at the firm Flashpoint, in a blog post today. ""This environment is a formidable challenge to any actor – nation-state or not – who seeks to substantially influence or alter the outcome of an election.""

But that's probably not Russia's aim, he said. ""Russia can most likely achieve a more reliable outcome with fewer resources not by attacking the election infrastructure directly, but rather by organizing a disinformation campaign attacking confidence in the election itself.""

Some experts say that mere reports of possible Election Day hacking on social media, blogs, and in mainstream news outlets could fuel post-election challenges to the results.

""If you lose faith in the process, then what? There could be appeals for months,"" said Ben Johnson, chief security strategist at Carbon Black. ""There could be appeals for months. We need to have enough integrity and transparency in the process so people are comfortable that the election wasn't tampered with.""

State officials are on guard for any potential signs of tampering. ""There's a heightened awareness and a heightened concern,"" said Karen Jackson, Virginia Secretary of Technology. ""If you're paying attention to cybersecurity, then election systems are just one of the systems you're paying attention to anyway.""

The idea of nameless, faceless hackers or foreign spies disrupting the election, clearly, is a major concern on Tuesday. But it's not just a cyberattack that could have an impact, she notes. ""Somebody could pull a fire alarm. All of those things have the power to disrupt the voting process.""",1
497,"Here come the jobs, finally","Even the long-term unemployed are starting to find work. But how strong is the jobs recovery, really?

Trevor Parkes has been through the tunnel called unemployment in post-recession America and come out the other side. In the summer of 2013, he moved from Texas to Tennessee so his family could be closer to his wife’s parents. But when his new job evaporated with a layoff after just four months, Mr. Parkes was in trouble: unemployed in a difficult job market, edging toward age 50, and with two kids moving through school.

Not least among his challenges: He was still a newcomer to the Nashville area, with few friends or connections to turn to for support. “I was basically terrified, because I didn’t know anyone here,” he says.

Even with his wife working in youth ministry, the year that followed was one of emotional turmoil. Parkes tried it all. Temp work. Networking with other parents at his kids’ school. Contacting former employers. Mining online job boards. Each week, more résumés went out into the void.

Then this past fall, something changed. First came a small regional bank that actually wanted to interview him. Not long after came a call from the very bank that had laid him off. It was starting a new flood insurance underwriting division and hired Parkes to be part of the team.

The job means new confidence and financial security for Parkes and his family. It also represents a larger story of employment revival in the US economy.

Today’s US job market is healthier than you might realize. True, the recovery is incomplete. Even a good job market today won’t mean conditions are easy for US workers.

Yet the progress is real. And crucially, it’s helping to address one of the defining features of the Great Recession and its aftermath: the large number of people who are long-term unemployed and in many cases at risk of dropping out of the workforce altogether.

An improved job climate has, more broadly, revived economic spirits across America. For the first time since the Great Recession officially ended some 5-1/2 years ago, Gallup and CNN polls find a majority of Americans having a positive view of the economy.

Last year saw the strongest US employment growth since 1999, and the official US unemployment rate has fallen to 5.7 percent of the labor force as of January, down from 6.6 percent a year before.

“It’s certainly good news that payroll growth has eliminated a lot of the employment gap that resulted from the recession,” says Andrew Levin, who is joining the economics faculty of Dartmouth College. “But at the current pace of job creation, another 18 months to two years will probably be needed to reach full employment.”

In fact, even as the undeniable gains give the United States lower joblessness than many European nations, the set of remaining challenges is also clear:

• Middle-class incomes had been stagnating and inequality widening even before the recession. Those trends have now become central political questions, gaining attention from Republican and Democratic leaders alike in the run-up to a presidential election in 2016.

• From robots to smart phones, technology has opened new opportunities for consumers but is also disrupting traditional occupations. Economist Tyler Cowen distilled the worry in a 2013 book, “Average Is Over,” forecasting a future in which an educated elite pulls increasingly far ahead of everyone else.

• As the US emerges from the most protracted jobs bust since the Great Depression, a historically high number of working-age civilians are still without work or underemployed. Some have part-time jobs rather than the full-time ones they hope for. Some have grown so discouraged that they’ve stopped even looking for work.

One key worry is that many of the recession-sidelined Americans have become so detached from the workforce – losing skills, connections, marketability – that they may never work again.

Reviving the rate of labor force participation (the share of US adults who are working or wanting to work) may be a vital measure of whether America is really nearing “full employment.” That’s why, at this point, a month in which the unemployment rate edges up isn’t necessarily a bad thing – if it’s a sign of more people being drawn into the job hunt.

Economist Stephen Rose of George Washington University sees the challenges, but he also cautions against buying into a view of long-term pessimism. Time and again, he says, forecasts of a grim future have emerged in times of economic distress, technological change, or global competition – and then been proved wrong.

Already, in at least a few industries, a shortage of workers is starting to surface. Tim Bowe, chief executive of a product-development firm based near Boston, says the college- and graduate-degree scientists he’s looking to hire are hard to find.

“The market is not even tightening,” he says. “It’s tight.”

The company, called Foliage, hopes to grow its 600-person US workforce by 20 percent this year as it brings technology solutions to clients in industries from cars to industrial equipment.

Even beyond strong fields like math and sciences, employers have been adding jobs lately across a broad range of industries. The new positions include many low-paid ones in restaurants and retail shops. But many are also in professional services, sales, and skilled factory work. Fully 1 in 10 new jobs over the past year has come in construction, a welcome revival for an industry that was hit especially hard by the recession.

The job gains have actually been coming since the end of 2010 – and slower than anyone wished. But last year saw a pickup in the pace, a shift toward the better in public opinion about the economy, and forecasts of continued job creation in 2015.

Even states such as Michigan and Ohio have seen high unemployment rates plummet, in part because of a revival of automotive and other manufacturing. And in 28 states, led by many west of the Mississippi, employment is now back above 2007 levels.

This is welcome news for workers of all ages.

Young people between 16 and 24 years old, actually, have been the age group whose connections to work have most frayed since 2008. Their rate of participation in the labor force took a drop after the recession that was twice as big as the drop for workers ages 25 to 34 or ages 45 to 54.

Now that is changing. Rashid Nelson, a senior at Boston University, says he’s seen the job outlook improving steadily each year he’s been in college. And now he knows he has a job waiting, as an account manager for AT&T, selling telecommunication technologies to both small and large businesses.

“I just wanted to put myself in a good position,” he says of his intensive job hunt last fall. “I didn’t want to be that one student who graduated and didn’t know what he was doing.”

That focus, not just an improved job market, contributed to his finding a position. He majored in an area that’s in demand (marketing), planned carefully (leaving his Fridays clear of classes for potential travel for job interviews), and kept sending out applications during fall semester.

Today, as a student ambassador for Boston University’s Center for Career Development, he’s urging peers to do similar planning.

Older workers, too, are glad to see an improving employment climate. Sam Jarman of San Diego went through a long stint of unemployment – twice. Working in the mortgage industry, an epicenter of the financial crisis, he lost one job in 2008. He found another in 2009, making loan modifications for people at risk of foreclosure.

It was a high-level job (managing other managers on the team) but his job security was inversely related to the health of the economy. By early last year he was laid off again.

The business of making regular home loans was picking up, but he was 51 years old and says no one would hire him. “They said, ‘You’ve been out of the origination side for five years and a lot has changed. We want to hire someone who has more recent experience.’ ”

Call it wisdom or desperation, Mr. Jarman began widening his efforts. “I prayed, I networked, I was ready to take anything. I looked in health care, at Petco, Jack in the Box,” he says. “For the first time in 27 years, I considered leaving California because there were no jobs here.”

But in October he landed one, in the lending industry and at a local credit union. He took a 25 percent pay cut and is one step down from his prior managerial level, but he’s glad to be there. “I like it. There are good people here, and [the company] isn’t going to leave San Diego,” he says. “I feel more secure.”

As of January, the Bureau of Labor Statistics still counts 2.8 million Americans as unemployed for more than half a year and still looking for work. Even when people do move forward, it’s not unusual for the process to be start-and-stop – with new jobs that don’t last very long.

The positive thing is simply this: From blue-collar workers to people like Jarman, more and more jobless workers are finding their way back to work.

One day last fall, Lidia Sotomayor was doing a dress rehearsal for that pivotal few minutes that could make or break her future – a job interview.

Her mock interviewer, a woman from a group called Platform to Employment, was in effect the drill sergeant in a boot camp for the long-term unemployed. (“They coddled you for the first hour,” Ms. Sotomayor recalls of the five-week intensive program.)

Sotomayor fought through the tough questions, drawing on her training. Don’t be intimidated. Pause to think, but not for too long. In the end, the room of about two dozen other jobless people erupted in applause at her performance.

The rehearsal, and the confidence boost, soon bore fruit. She now has a job as a bookkeeper in a small company, based in her home city of Bridgeport, Conn., that makes electric cable assemblies for business clients.

Her story offers a window on how today’s job market, though reviving, remains tougher than before the recession – and is being transformed by evolving technology.

Sotomayor was coached on how to craft a profile on the website LinkedIn and how that would help. She learned how companies are besieged by electronic job applications – and quickly weed through them in ways that winnow out lots of viable candidates.

Joseph Carbone, who heads the organization that created Platform to Employment, says the challenges for workers are long term as well as partly cyclical.

“The days of getting a job and staying there for the rest of your working life, and not blending in any additional education or training – they’re gone, they’re over,” he says. Managing one’s career means “you’ve got to be vigilant.”

As Mr. Carbone describes it, employers are simply warier of making a full-time hire than they used to be. If they can meet a workplace need with part-timers, temp workers, or contractors, that takes financial and regulatory liabilities off their shoulders. When they do hire full-timers, it comes with the expectation of continuous advancement in skills.

These aren’t new trends. “Lifelong learning” was becoming more than just a catchphrase even in the 1990s. But workplace change has accelerated. Switching jobs is fine, but being unemployed can quickly make one’s skills look out of date – not to mention being a financial drain.

Sotomayor says the training program hammered home a simple message: “Stop the bleed” by getting reemployed, even at a lower salary. If a new job isn’t within reach, Carbone urges people to do something to show they’re active – taking courses or volunteering, for instance. Such lessons apply to young and old alike.

Mr. Nelson, the soon-to-be college grad, is already steeped in the notion that he should keep his eye more than a few steps down the career trail. He has a long-term goal to build experience toward working as a sports marketing agent in professional basketball.

As more Americans who want jobs find them, they are shifting from belt-tightening to a new sense of confidence and new possibilities.

A job doesn’t define a person, after all, but for millions it does contribute to everything from their sense of purpose to their ability to help a charity or a neighbor in need.

For Andre Miles near Chicago, a job means something as simple as being able to treat his young children to a night of special fun.

“I’m taking the whole family to Chuck E. Cheese’s tonight,” he says by phone as he commutes homeward from his customer service job toward his wife and three young kids. That’s the kind of thing that had been cut out of the family budget in late 2012, when his old job moved to Atlanta and he decided to stay in Illinois.

After a long time out of work, Mr. Miles landed a job in December with an assist from a group called Skills for Chicagoland’s Future. “I have something to offer,” Miles says, referring to his skills in customer service. But jobs are also allowing him and his wife to pursue possible new paths through additional schooling.

Randy Candelaria, who lives near Salt Lake City, found that getting a paycheck opened an even bigger door of opportunity: the potential to reconnect with his family and leave homelessness behind. His job is paying for a cellphone, which in turn has put him back in touch with his daughter and grandsons, ages 4 and 6.

After two years without work and living in homeless shelters and at friends’ homes, Mr. Candelaria considers his new employment at a custom countertop company an amazing breakthrough. For workers like him, with prison time in their past, the job market is tougher than for most.

“It’s hard when you make mistakes and you wish you could go back and ‘would have, should have, could have,’ ” he says. “Because of those choices, I have consequences, but it’s nice to know there are still programs and people who are willing to help.”

Help came for him when he stopped in at the Utah Department of Workforce Services on a day when the office was uncommonly empty. He was just there to use the fax machine, not to do any prospecting. Still, he had registered with the agency, and began talking to employees who mentioned a job that was a possible fit for him. One phone call later, he had an interview – and later a job.

In Tennessee, Parkes no longer winces when he meets other parents who ask what he does for a living. The family budget has also expanded. While he was unemployed, the couple had shopped only at discount grocery stores, skipped getting health and dental insurance for themselves, and relied on help from family members and their church.

Now Parkes can focus on paying down his debts and looking more than a month down the financial road for himself and his family.

After persisting in maintaining a positive attitude through it all, Parkes also says the year of joblessness has put material success in perspective.

“I was talking with my son the other day about wealth and I asked him to define what being rich means,” he says. “To me, you just need a place to live. A place that keeps you warm at night, keeps you cool in the summer. Not being tied to debt – that’s what it means to be rich.”

Contributing to this report were Carolyn Abate in San Francisco, Eilene Zimmerman in San Diego, Emiley Morgan in Salt Lake City, and Michael Holtz in Boston.",1
1532,What Walker's Departure Means for GOP Field,"Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, a once rising star of the GOP presidential pack, has dropped out of the race. Now the field is scrambling to re-align.

Just this summer, Walker led the Republican field in Iowa. But on Monday, he called it quits and suggested that someone could emerge from a smaller pool of candidates with a clear conservative alternative to the current frontrunner, Donald Trump.

""Today, I believe that I am being called to lead by helping to clear the race so that a positive conservative message can rise to the top of the field. With that in mind, I will suspend my campaign immediately,"" he said.

But will others drop out so that support can build around an alternative to Trump? None are expected to do so anytime soon. In fact, they're all vying for the Walker campaign assets.

Some believe that Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., will benefit the most from Walker's departure. They're both considered ""fresh faces"" with next generation appeal.

Late Monday, Rubio was already welcoming Walker staff to his team, as was Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas.

The latest CNN poll shows political outsiders Trump, former Hewlett Packard CEO Carly Fiorina, and retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson leading the presidential pack, with Rubio and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush in fourth and fifth place respectively.

Meanwhile, on the Democratic side, Hillary Clinton is battling off an unexpectedly strong challenge from Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt. She's also waiting to see if Vice President Joe Biden decides to enter the race.

In her latest campaign move, the former secretary of state is promising not only to protect Obamacare from GOP plans to repeal it  but to improve it.

""As the latest census numbers show, the number of uninsured continues to fall and Americans are now seeing, hearing, and feeling the full benefits of the Affordable Care Act,"" a Clinton campaign official said Saturday.

It's already a presidential campaign year that no one could have predicted, and voters have never had so many candidates to consider.

But whether any of them will follow Walker's advice to lead by falling back is unlikely for now.",1
4696,Dem Operative Who Oversaw Trump Rally Agitators Visited White House 342 Times,"A key operative in a Democratic scheme to send agitators to cause unrest at Donald Trump’s rallies has visited the White House 342 times since 2009, White House records show.

Robert Creamer, who acted as a middle man between the Clinton campaign, the Democratic National Committee and “protesters” who tried — and succeeded — to provoke violence at Trump rallies met with President Obama during 47 of those 342 visits, according to White House records. Creamer’s last visit was in June 2016.

Creamer, whose White House visits were first pointed out by conservative blog Weasel Zippers, is stepping back from his role within the Clinton campaign. (RELATED: Second O’Keefe Video Shows Dem Operative Boasting About Voter Fraud)

Hidden camera video from activist James O’Keefe showed Creamer bragging that his role within the Clinton campaign was to oversee the work of Americans United for Change, a non-profit organization that sent activists to Trump rallies. (RELATED: Activist Who Took Credit For Violent Chicago Protests Was On Hillary’s Payroll)

Scott Foval, the national field director for Americans United for Change, explained how the scheme works.

“The [Clinton] campaign pays DNC, DNC pays Democracy Partners, Democracy Partners pays the Foval Group, The Foval Group goes and executes the shit,” Foval told an undercover journalist.

One example of the “shit” Foval executes was an instance in which a 69-year-old woman garnered headlines after claiming to be assaulted at a Trump rally.

“She was one of our activists,” Foval said.

Creamer’s job was to “manage” the work carried out by Foval.

“And the Democratic Party apparatus and the people from the campaign, the Clinton campaign and my role with the campaign, is to manage all that,” Creamer told an undercover journalist.

“Wherever Trump and Pence are gonna be we have events,” he said.",1
3821,Obama’s trip to Ethiopia alarms some human rights activists,"President Obama embarks on a trip to Africa on Thursday that includes a controversial stop in Ethiopia, where the authoritarian government has come under sharp international criticism for its handling of political dissent.

The Ethi­o­pia visit has raised hackles among human rights advocates who question the administration’s level of concern about the issue as it seeks to advance new security and economic goals on a continent where good governance and democratic freedoms often do not top the priority list. But to others, it reflects the evolution of America’s relationship with the continent, which now offers opportunities for the United States in a way it didn’t decades ago, when it was primarily an aid recipient.

“The decision to go to Ethiopia greatly undermines the stated goals and commitments of this administration when it comes to support for human rights, the rule of law and good governance in Africa and beyond,” said Sarah Margon, Human Rights Watch’s Washington director. “It shows that it ranks priorities and shows that security and development often trump human rights concerns, which is a very shortsighted policy approach.”

Dozens of journalists left Ethiopia last year, saying they faced threats from the government because of the work they do. In April 2014, the government charged seven bloggers known as Zone 9, as well as three reporters, under the country’s anti-terrorism law. A few months later, the owners of six private publications were charged under Ethiopia’s criminal code. In early July, the government released two of the bloggers and all three of the reporters who had been arrested, along with a journalist who had served roughly four years in prison, though the Committee to Protect Journalists said at least a dozen members of the media remain jailed on terrorism charges.

Ethi­o­pia’s ambassador to the United States, Girma Birru, described Obama’s decision to visit his country as “confirmation of the strong relationship that’s been built between the two countries.”

Birru said prosecuting journalists was not evidence of human rights violations. “If a journalist, or a teacher, or a professor, or a farmer is supporting these types of groups to instigate violence, then he should be charged,” he said. “But the fact that he is carrying the name of ‘journalist’ should not save him from being charged on this ground.”

White House aides acknowledge that visits like the one to Ethi­o­pia can bestow a measure of credibility to foreign governments and often use the lure of a presidential visit to win diplomatic concessions from non-

democratic and repressive regimes. Obama often meets with members of civil society during his overseas visits, as a way of encouraging independent groups to pursue their goals in the face of government opposition.

Speaking to reporters Wednesday, national security adviser Susan Rice said the president would not hesitate to raise difficult topics during his trip, including the way Ethiopia’s ruling party treats its opposition and discrimination against Kenya’s LGBT community.

“Not just in Africa, but around the world — when we are traveling to countries where we have concerns about the rule of law, human rights, corruption, whatever, democratic governance — we make those concerns known publicly and privately,” Rice said. “And we have done so continuously in the case of these two countries and will continue to do so.”

Some experts say that Obama must weigh human rights against other important factors.

Princeton Lyman, who served as U.S. special envoy for Sudan and South Sudan from 2011 to 2013 and did stints as the U.S. ambassador to Nigeria and South Africa, said that the United States must now consider the opportunity for investment in Africa even as the continent has become increasingly important for national security reasons, in the fight against international terrorists and other destabilizing regional forces.

“The question for policymakers is: How do you balance these different interests when they sometimes run up against each other?” Lyman said.

The Obama trip will try to balance several of those interests: In Ethi­o­pia, he will visit the Addis Ababa headquarters of the African Union, which has played an increasingly active role in trying to maintain regional and economic stability in the region. The Ethi­o­pia stop will follow a visit to the Global Entrepreneurship Summit, which is being held this weekend in Kenya, where Obama’s father was born.

Kenya has made strides in recent years with increasingly democratic elections, though it has still come under fire for its restrictions of two Muslim groups on the coast, Haki Africa and Muslims for Human Rights, and abuses by members of its security forces.

But Samuel R. Berger, who served as President Bill Clinton’s national security adviser and is currently co-chairman of the Albright Stonebridge Group, said one cannot view foreign policy through the single lens of human rights. “The world is too complicated right now,” he said, “and too dangerous in this part of the world, to think of human rights and security as an either-or proposition.”

When President George W. Bush was contemplating a trip to Vietnam in 2006, it set off similar questions inside the White House, said Joseph Hagin, the deputy chief of staff for operations from 2001 to 2008.

“The real key on any of these trips is: ‘What’s the deliverable? What good would the visit do?’ ” Hagin said. “If you think you’re going to get a commitment to change behavior, and you think that’s valuable, that could be enough to go.”

Hagin said that, in the end, Bush aides concluded that Hanoi had made enough progress on opening its economy that the trip would be beneficial. Bush visited the nascent stock market in Ho Chi Minh City and used a red mallet to strike a gong that opened trading on the day he arrived.

Obama is reportedly considering a trip to Vietnam during a planned Asia tour this fall. Vietnam is one of the 11 nations negotiating with the United States on the Trans-Pacific Partnership, an expansive free trade deal that Obama has placed high on his second-term agenda. But human rights advocates protested this month when the president played host to Communist Party Secretary Nguyen Phu Trong at the White House.

Foreign policy experts said a Vietnam visit makes sense for a president who has already made history in Southeast Asia, becoming in 2012 the first U.S. president to visit Burma, also known as Myanmar. His stop in Malaysia in 2014 was the first by a sitting president since Lyndon B. Johnson in 1967.

At a town hall-style appearance with young activists during his April 2014 visit, Obama pressed the Malaysian government, which is also part of the TPP deal, to improve its human rights record but declined to meet with opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim.

“You can’t expect an American president to go solve Malaysia’s problems in Malaysia. Malays have to solve them,” said James Keith, who served as U.S. ambassador to Malaysia from 2007 to 2010.

And presidential human rights advocacy has clear limits. Ahead of Obama’s historic visit to Rangoon, Burma, in 2012, the nation’s ruling military junta released dozens of political prisoners, and President Thein Sein agreed to allow human rights advocates to inspect prisons. Obama met with democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi, who had been released two years earlier after 15 years of house arrest, and he gave a speech at Yangon University saying the “flickers of progress . . . must become a shining North Star for all this nation’s people.”

But by the time Obama returned to Rangoon — and to the country’s capital, Naypyidaw — last fall, many of those political gains had been reversed. Thein Sein’s regime had jailed journalists and political activists, Suu Kyi was banned from running in this fall’s presidential election and violence was displacing tens of thousands of Muslim Rohingya in the countryside.

“One has to recognize that more and more, ever since the Cold War ended, the value to foreigners of an American visit — our ability to influence change — has gone down,” Keith said. “It’s the rise of the rest. It’s not American decline. It’s just natural.”

Once the Africa trip is over, the White House will have more difficult decisions to make regarding presidential travel, such as whether Obama should visit Cuba now that the two countries have normalized relations. Asked on Friday what the United States would need to see from the Cuban government before Obama would visit, White House press secretary Josh Earnest rattled off a long list of human rights initiatives.

“We would like to see the rights of political opponents of the Cuban government inside of Cuba not be thrown in jail just because of their political views,” he said, adding, “A respect for a free and independent media would be another step that we would like to see them take.”",1
2519,Illegal Immigrants Could Elect Hillary,"Illegal immigrants—along with other noncitizens without the right to vote—may pick the 2016 presidential winner. Thanks to the unique math undergirding the Electoral College, the mere presence of 11-12 million illegal immigrants and other noncitizens here legally may enable them to swing the election from Republicans to Democrats.

The right to vote is intended to be a singular privilege of citizenship. But the 1787 Constitutional Convention rejected allowing the people to directly elect their President. The delegates chose instead our Electoral College system, under which 538 electoral votes distributed amongst the states determine the presidential victor. The Electoral College awards one elector for each U.S. Senator, thus 100 of the total, and D.C. gets three electors pursuant to the 23rd Amendment. Those electoral numbers are unaffected by the size of the noncitizen population. The same cannot be said for the remaining 435, more than 80 percent of the total, which represent the members elected to the House.

The distribution of these 435 seats is not static: they are reapportioned every ten years to reflect the population changes found in the census. That reallocation math is based on the relative “whole number of persons in each state,” as the formulation in the 14th Amendment has it. When this language was inserted into the U.S. Constitution, the concept of an “illegal immigrant,” as the term is defined today, had no meaning. Thus the census counts illegal immigrants and other noncitizens equally with citizens. Since the census is used to determine the number of House seats apportioned to each state, those states with large populations of illegal immigrants and other noncitizens gain extra seats in the House at the expense of states with fewer such “whole number of persons.”

This math gives strongly Democratic states an unfair edge in the Electoral College. Using citizen-only population statistics, American University scholar Leonard Steinhorn projects California would lose five House seats and therefore five electoral votes. New York and Washington would lose one seat, and thus one electoral vote apiece. These three states, which have voted overwhelming for Democrats over the latest six presidential elections, would lose seven electoral votes altogether. The GOP’s path to victory, by contrast, depends on states that would lose a mere three electoral votes in total. Republican stronghold Texas would lose two House seats and therefore two electoral votes. Florida, which Republicans must win to reclaim the presidency, loses one seat and thus one electoral vote.

But that leaves the electoral math only half done. The 10 House seats taken away from these states would then need to be reallocated to states with relatively small numbers of noncitizens. The following ten states, the bulk of which lean Republican, would likely gain one House seat and thus one additional electoral vote: Iowa, Indiana, Louisiana, Michigan, Missouri, Montana, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma and Pennsylvania. 



Iowa has gone Democratic six out of the last seven times. Michigan and Pennsylvania have both gone comfortably Democratic in every election since 1992. But five states—Indiana, Louisiana, Missouri, Montana and Oklahoma—all went by double-digit margins to GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney in 2012. And Romney carried North Carolina by two percent while losing nationally by nearly four percent, a large difference. Likewise, despite solidly beating 2008 GOP nominee John McCain by seven percent nationally, President Obama eked out a bare 0.3 percent win in the Tar Heel State. The current Ohio polls also look promising for the right GOP nominee, and no Republican has ever won the Presidency without carrying the Buckeye State. There is no plausible statistical path for the Republican Party’s nominee to win an electoral majority without these states.

Accordingly, for analytic purposes, three of the states that would gain electoral votes are Democratic. The remaining seven are fairly put in the GOP column. Combining the two halves of the citizen-only population reapportionment, states likely in the Democratic column suffer a net loss of four electoral votes. Conversely the must-win Republican leaning states total a net gain of four electoral votes. These are the four electoral votes statistically cast by noncitizens.

U.S. elections have been decided by far narrower margins. One electoral vote decided the 1876 presidential election. A swing of three electoral votes in 2000 would have elected Al Gore. A glitch in the Electoral College system enabled Aaron Burr to come within one vote of winning the presidency over Thomas Jefferson in 1800. Though they can’t cast an actual ballot, we effectively allow noncitizens to have an indirect, and possibly decisive, say in choosing the President.

Three years ago, President Obama became the first Democrat in 76 years to win a second term with a repeat majority vote. Yet Romney still won two-dozen states with a total of 206 electoral votes. Based on current polling and historical trends, a credible GOP ticket right now must be considered likely to carry all the 24 Romney states and their 206 electoral votes. The key to Republican hopes to win 270 electoral votes next year therefore revolves around the three biggest swing states: Florida, Ohio and Virginia.

Yet a credible future GOP nominee has reason to be hopeful. Obama carried Florida last time by only 0.9 percent. Hillary Clinton suffers from an upside down image among Sunshine State voters, 37 percent having a favorable opinion but 57 percent holding a negative one in a recent poll. She is in a statistical tie with highly unpopular GOP hopeful Donald Trump and loses by 11 percent to former Governor Jeb Bush. Florida statistically should be the easiest of these key swing states for the GOP to win.",1
806,Cruz campaign: We could have stopped Trump if Rubio became running mate,"Top officials of the Cruz campaign are convinced there is one specific step that could have stopped Trump -- and they blame Sen. Marco Rubio for not taking that step.

In early March, it became clear that Trump was well on his way to the nomination and would even likely defeat Rubio in his home state of Florida's March 15 primary. According to several sources close to Cruz, the Cruz campaign conducted several secret polls to see what the impact would be if Rubio joined Cruz as his running mate, with Cruz at the top of the ticket.

Politico reported in March that Rubio rejected the idea of a ""unity ticket."" But the sources close to Cruz and Rubio are now offering a much fuller picture of the extent of Cruz's polling, the reasons why Rubio said no, and the resentment the Cruz people have about Rubio's rejection of the idea.

The Cruz campaign polled in three March 15 primary states, Illinois, Missouri and North Carolina -- though not in Ohio, home to Kasich, or in Florida.

They also tested the matchup in a poll in Arizona, which would hold its contest on March 22, and in Wisconsin, which would hold its primary on April 5. What did polls suggest a Cruz-Rubio ticket would do in those states? ""Blowout,"" said a source close to Cruz. ""65%-35%,"" with Trump losing. Through friends and emissaries, the Cruz campaign tried to get Rubio on board. But Cruz could not reach him on the phone, and others reported back to the Cruz campaign that Rubio did not seem interested in having a discussion about this at all. ""He went off the grid,"" said a source close to Cruz. Cruz campaign officials speculated that Rubio was interested in preserving his political viability for a contested GOP convention or the 2020 race. A source familiar with Rubio's thinking says there never really was a concrete offer from the Cruz campaign to team up -- just vague discussions from donors about polls and the potential for such a move -- but either way, he was not interested. For one, the source said, Rubio thought the notion of two senators from Washington, D.C., teaming up against Trump would fit all too easily into the Trump outsider narrative. Second, Rubio was concerned that as a fellow Cuban-American freshman senator, he didn't think he complemented Cruz particularly well. Lastly, Rubio felt that the nominee should have the freedom to pick whomever he or she wants at the convention to help win in November and not be bound to a short-term decision made in the thick of the primaries. The lack of bounce after Cruz attempted such a move with Carly Fiorina reinforced his belief that he was right, the source said. A source close to Kasich reported that the Ohio governor tried to broach the subject with Rubio as well, and the campaigns discussed it as well, before and after the March 8 Michigan primary. Kasich's team did not conduct any polling but they are also convinced if the two men had teamed up, ""we would have swept the rest of the primaries."" What the result would have been in these alternate universes where a Cruz-Rubio ticket was on the ballot, or a Kasich-Rubio team, is unknown. Trump, in this reality went on to win in Florida, Illinois, Missouri, North Carolina, and Arizona. He was not stopped.",1
5236,Kentucky governor: Electing Hillary Clinton may eventually lead to violence,"Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin (R) told religious conservatives at the Values Voters Summit this weekend that blood might have to be shed if Hillary Clinton is elected president.

""I want us to be able to fight ideologically, mentally, spiritually, economically, so that we don’t have to do it physically,” Bevin said Saturday. “But that may, in fact, be the case.""

He added, citing Thomas Jefferson's ""blood of patriots and tyrants"" quote: ""The roots of the tree of liberty are watered by what? The blood. Of who? The tyrants, to be sure. But who else? The patriots. Whose blood will be shed? It may be that of those in this room. It might be that of our children and grandchildren.""

Bevin, a tea party supporter who has been known to make a controversial comment or two, clarified his comments to the Lexington Herald-Leader, saying he was referring to military sacrifice.

""Today we have thousands of men and women in uniform fighting for us overseas, and they need our full backing,” Bevin said in a statement. “We cannot be complacent about the determination of radical Islamic extremists to destroy our freedoms.""

Bevin's comments echo a tea party rallying cry that has cropped up from time to time. Activists and even some lawmakers have cited Jefferson's quote to reinforce the stakes for their political movement.

As for the 2016 campaign, Bevin's comments are the latest example of elected officials promising very bad things if the wrong candidate is elected. And it's not just Democrats warning about Donald Trump having his finger on the nuclear button — a prospect that has been the subject of a Hillary Clinton campaign ad.

Former congresswoman Michele Bachmann (R-Minn.) warned recently that a Clinton win might mean this could be the ""last election"" in which Americans would be able to elect a president with ""godly moral principles.""

Similarly, other Republicans have warned that nominating Trump might lead to the end of the Republican Party as we know it. George W. Bush even suggested he might be the last Republican president.

Conservative talk show hosts have warned of even worse, up to and including civil war. But Bevin's comments appear to be the most full-throated warning about a Clinton presidency so far from a high-ranking GOP elected official.",1
1994,Inside Jeb's 'shock and awe' launch,A verdict in 2017 could have sweeping consequences for tech startups.,1
4070,Relief efforts to find survivors intensify amid powerful aftershocks,"Relief efforts intensified in Katmandu on Sunday as Nepal continues to reel from powerful aftershocks and a devastating earthquake that left more than 3,200 dead.

The international effort geared up to hunt for survivors and provide aid as a second American victim was identified as one of 18 who died on Mount Everest in a massive avalanche triggered by Saturday's magnitude-7.8 earthquake.

Marisa Eve Girawong, of Edison Township in New Jersey, was working as a base camp medic for a Seattle-based group leading a mountain-climbing expedition. The former physician's assistant joined Madison Mountaineering a year earlier.

Relief groups, which began arriving in Nepal in large numbers Sunday, say there is still time to save lives. Government agencies and aid groups began rushing doctors, volunteers and equipment into Nepal as Katmandu's international airport reopened. Some aid vehicles were able to travel overland from India to the stricken Nepalese city of Pokhara.

""That means supplies could potentially come in overland from India. That is a positive sign,"" said Ben Pickering, Save the Children's humanitarian adviser in Britain. ""The airport opening is a small miracle.""

The Pentagon dispatched a cargo plane Sunday to Nepal with about 70 disaster-relief and rescue personnel and their gear to aid the earthquake-ravaged country. The Air Force C-17 is expected to arrive in Nepal on Monday, according to Army Col. Steve Warren, a Pentagon spokesman.

Pickering cautioned that chaotic conditions may create a bottleneck at the airport as governments and aid agencies try to bring in personnel and supplies in the coming days.

UNICEF said Sunday that at least 940,000 children in areas affected by the earthquake are in ""urgent need"" of humanitarian assistance. UNICEF staff reported dwindling water supplies, power and communications breakdowns.

""Day two is just as bad as day one. We get the aftershocks every five minutes,"" said Basanta Adhikari of Biratnagar, in eastern Nepal.

Adhikari said his uncle was killed in Katmandu on Saturday near where he was admitting his son to a hospital.

""He was standing at a shop with his friend chatting when the Earth started shaking. He ran out to try to survive, but to no avail as a tall house fell on him, and he was buried under the rubble,"" Adhikari said.

Vast tent cities have sprung up in Katmandu. The earthquake, the strongest to hit the country in 80 years, destroyed swaths of the oldest neighborhoods and was strong enough to be felt all across parts of India, Bangladesh, China's region of Tibet and Pakistan.

With people fearing more quakes, many Nepalese felt safer spending the night under chilly skies, or in cars and public buses. Sunday's aftershocks made people only more tense.

""There were at least three big quakes at night and early morning. How can we feel safe? This is never-ending and everyone is scared and worried,"" Katmandu resident Sundar Sah told the Associated Press. ""I hardly got much sleep. I was waking up every few hours and glad that I was alive.""

Nepal authorities said Sunday that at least 2,430 people died in that country alone, not including the 18 dead on Mount Everest. Another 61 people died from the quake in India and a few in other neighboring countries. At least 5,900 have been injured. With search and rescue efforts far from over, the death toll is expected to rise.

But as the first stunned survivors of the avalanche on Mount Everest reached Katmandu, they said that dozens of people may still be missing and were almost certainly dead.

""The snow swept away many tents and people,"" said Sherpa, a guide the first group of 15 injured survivors to reach Katmandu.

Those 15 survivors, most of them Sherpa guides or support staff working on Everest, flew from Lukla, a small airstrip not far from Everest. None were believed to be facing life-threatening injuries, but many limped to a bus taking them to a nearby hospital, or they were partially wrapped in bandages.

The overwhelming devastation destroyed or damaged many of Nepal's traditional temples, palaces and historic sites.

The Dharahara Tower, one of Nepal's most famous landmarks, was reduced to little more than a pile of rubble. Up to 180 people were killed and 200 people were trapped in what was left of the structure, Britain's Guardian newspaper reported.

The world reacted quickly to the disaster, offering money, relief materials, equipment, expertise and rescue teams to the country of 28 million people that relies heavily on tourism, principally trekking and Himalayan mountain climbing.

The U.S. Mission in Nepal released an initial $1 million for immediate assistance. Australia pledged $5 million in aid. Pakistan, and Britain said they would assist in the relief effort.

At the Vatican, Pope Francis led prayers for the dead and those injured in the massive earthquake. He called for assistance for survivors, and ""all those who are suffering from this calamity,"" during his weekly Sunday blessing.

Rescuers were continuing to dig through the rubble of concrete, bricks, wood and iron to hunt for survivors.

In one particularly harrowing incident Sunday, police in Katmandu's Kalanki neighborhood managed to save a man who was trapped under a dead person. His family stood nearby crying and praying.

Police were eventually able to dig out the man, who was surrounded by concrete and iron beams. His legs and hips were crushed under the weight of the debris.

Contributing: Naila Inayat in Lahore, Pakistan; Cheryl Makin in Edison, N.J.; Tom Vanden Brook and Doug Stanglin in McLean, Va.; the Associated Press",1
612,The early 2016 primary calendar is now set. It will change.,"The Democratic National Committee over the weekend set its preliminary 2016 presidential primary calender, with the four traditional carve-out states -- Iowa, New Hampshire, South Carolina and Nevada -- holding contests in February and everybody else after that.

The calendar mimics what we've seen from Republicans, who have basically agreed on the same order of succession. Here's how that looks:

From there, all other states would be permitted to hold contests between March 1 and June, with party conventions being held in the early or mid-summer.

Seems reasonable, right? Well, the problem is that there isn't much hope the calendar will stay this way. And all it takes is for one state to be the spoilsport and force a re-casting of the entire calendar. (Translation: New Year's in Des Moines.)

In recent years, a handful of the other 46 states have bucked the committees and moved their primary dates to compete with or preempt the early states, wanting the limelight (and campaign spending) that comes along with being one of the primaries that actually, you know, matters. And it's pretty easy for a state like Florida to just crash the party and set its date for late January, as it has done the last two presidential elections.

About the only thing stopping it or others from doing so are the penalties, which generally entail decreasing the number of delegates they get to the national party conventions, among other, lesser things. Those penalties have been ratcheted up in recent years, with the Republican National Committee trying out even-harsher penalties this time around. As I wrote in January:

Penalties for states moving in February or January will be more serious than in the past. While the committee previously stripped them of half their delegates, they will now lose more than that, in most cases. States with at least 30 delegates would be left with just 12 representatives at the convention, while states with less than 30 delegates would have nine.

The reason the rules have been tightened? Because they didn't work. Even faced with losing half their delegates, Florida, Arizona and Michigan all moved their contests ahead of March 1, pushing the earliest states to move from February to January.

But while the RNC has tightened its rules for 2016, the DNC has not. Rather than going further than the halving of delegates, the DNC is sticking with the same rules as last time, which allow for harsher penalties but don't mandate them. So while the DNC is reserving the right to increase penalties after a state sets a date in violation of party rules, it's all hypothetical.

In reality, though, neither set of rules is likely to have the desired effect of actually stopping renegade states from jumping ahead. Will Florida really balk at jumping the line again because it would have 12 delegates instead of 50? Maybe. Will a smaller state that loses only a few more delegates under the new RNC rules feel that strongly? Probably not. And will the DNC actually increase penalties on a state that has already set its primary date by deducting more delegates, just to send a message? I guess we'll see.

And delegates remain overrated anyway. Despite the delegate races we've seen in recent years, it's still clear that momentum is a bigger factor in determining presidential nominees. The 2012 GOP primary and 2008 Democratic primary both included relevant delegate counts, but in both cases, the races continued in spite of their being a clear delegate frontrunner and likely nominee.

In addition, all of the states that jumped ahead in 2008 and 2012 got the desired effect of holding an important presidential primary: relevance. And until those early states are actually boycotted by the candidates or somehow excluded from the horse-race/momentum game that is the early primary process, states will have motivation to move up -- delegates be damned.

We aren't yet seeing the so-called ""front-loading"" of the primary calendar, but there's still lots of time. And the off-year (2015) is when the game of leap-frog usually begins.",1
5089,Trump: I wouldn't accept Cruz's endorsement,"""If he gives it, I will not accept it,"" Trump said at a news conference in Cleveland at the close of the Republican National Convention.

""I don't want his endorsement,"" he added. ""Just, Ted, stay home, relax, enjoy yourself.""

He also suggested that if Cruz were to seek the White House, he would set up a super PAC to oppose him.

And Trump, speaking the end of a week dedicated to unifying the party, once again revived the conspiracy theory published in the National Enquirer that linked Cruz's father to John F. Kennedy assassin Lee Harvey Oswald -- an accusation that has no evidence behind it.

Trump doubles down on denial of linking Cruz's dad to JFK assassination Trump doubles down on denial of linking Cruz's dad to JFK assassination ""I don't know his father. I met him once,"" Trump said. ""I think he's a lovely guy, a lovely guy. All I did was point out the fact that on the cover of the National Enquirer, there was a picture of him and crazy Lee Harvey Oswald having breakfast. Now Ted never denied that it was his father."" Trump first suggested that Cruz's father was involved in the assassination of Kennedy the morning of the Indiana primary, citing the tabloid story. Cruz allies have since repeatedly pointed to that low blow from Trump as a reason for refusing to support the Republican nominee. And on Thursday, Cruz referenced the incident, as he drew an angry reaction from members of his state's own GOP delegation. ""I am not in the habit of supporting people who attack my wife and attack my father,"" Cruz said. Trump: Heidi the best thing Cruz has got going for him Trump: Heidi the best thing Cruz has got going for him Trump devoted a significant portion of Friday's event, billed as a thank you to convention staff and organizers, to attacking his former primary rival. Speaking at the RNC on Wednesday, Cruz had declined to endorse Trump, instead urging delegates to vote their ""conscience."" Cruz said that the Trump campaign had seen the speech beforehand, and that he told Trump personally that he would not make an endorsement. But Trump appeared to dispute that on Friday morning, saying Cruz went off-script at the convention. ""So Ted Cruz took his speech that was done, was on the Teleprompter, said hello, then made a statement that wasn't on the speech, then went back to his speech,"" Trump said. ""See, to me, that's dishonorable."" Trump likewise said it was ""dishonorable"" of Cruz to abandon his pledge to support the Republican nominee. But Trump said that Cruz's camp started it with an ad that ran in Utah showing racy photos of his wife, Melania Trump. The ad was put out by a PAC with no official ties to the Cruz campaign, but Trump said Friday that he doesn't buy that. ""Folks, a lot of us are political people,"" Trump said. ""We're not babies. His people are on the PAC."" At one point in his remarks, Trump even suggested forming his own PAC to oppose Cruz if the senator runs again in four years. ""I don't see him winning anyway, frankly. But if he did, it's fine,"" Trump said. ""Although maybe I'll set up a super PAC if he decides to run."" Turning to his running mate, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, Trump asked, ""Are you allowed to set up a super PAC, Mike, if you are the president to fight somebody?""",1
1162,"Mitt Romney Calls Donald Trump 'A Phony, A Fraud'; Trump Hits Back","The most recent Republican presidential nominee is taking shots at Donald Trump's fitness to be president.

And he's not mincing his words.

Mitt Romney, the former Massachusetts governor, called the current GOP front-runner ""a phony, a fraud"" in a speech Thursday morning in Salt Lake City. And he didn't stop there.

Romney described Trump as ""a con artist"" whose demeanor is ""recklessness in the extreme."" As for Trump's record as a ""huge business success""? ""No, he isn't."" And when it comes to Trump's prescriptions to bring back jobs from China and Japan? ""Flimsy at best.""

Trump quickly hit back at Romney during a rally Thursday afternoon, again calling him a ""choke artist"" and saying he was disappointed by his 2012 campaign. ""The guy ran one of the worst campaigns in the history of politics,"" Trump said.

Trump added that Romney ""chickened out"" from running in 2016 because of Trump's candidacy.

Romney spoke for 20 minutes at the Hinckley Institute at the University of Utah and got specific, digging into aspects of Trump's record as a businessman.

""His promises are as worthless as a degree from Trump University. He's playing the American public for suckers: He gets a free ride to the White House and all we get is a lousy hat,"" Romney said, referring to a real estate seminar Trump launched in 2005 that was forced to change its name because it wasn't a real university. It is now the subject of multiple lawsuits alleging fraudulent behavior.

Romney then added to the list of failed business ventures: ""There's Trump Magazine and Trump Vodka and Trump Steaks, and Trump Mortgage?"" Romney concluded, ""A business genius he is not.""

Then came the attacks on Trump as a human being.

""After all, this is an individual who mocked a disabled reporter, who attributed a reporter's questions to her menstrual cycle, who mocked a brilliant rival who happened to be a woman due to her appearance, who bragged about his marital affairs, and who laces his public speeches with vulgarity.""

Romney remarks are unprecedented in the way he — the party's most recent presidential nominee — attacks the man who seems on track to secure this year's GOP nomination.

Romney began the speech by saying he is not declaring his own candidacy, adding, ""I am not going to endorse a candidate today.""

He said one of three others still in the race — Sens. Ted Cruz or Marco Rubio, or Gov. John Kasich — should be the nominee. Then, without saying so specifically, he seemed to endorse a strategy to bring about a brokered GOP convention this summer.

""Given the current delegate selection process, this means that I would vote for Marco Rubio in Florida, for John Kasich in Ohio, and for Ted Cruz or whichever one of the other two contenders has the best chance of beating Mr. Trump in a given state,"" said Romney.

The goal would be to deny Trump the 1,237 delegates he needs to win the nomination on the convention's first ballot in July.

After reports surfaced that Romney was planning to speak out against Trump on Thursday, the billionaire was quick to fire back at Romney on Twitter.

Will Romney's blunt words have any impact? It's not likely Trump supporters will be moved by the critique of a man they see as the ultimate establishment insider — who failed in attempts to win the presidency.

In the past year, Trump has hardly needed excuses to lay into Romney. In stump speeches, he regularly calls Romney a ""loser"" who blew the chance to defeat President Obama in 2012.

In an interview Thursday morning with the Today show, Trump called Romney a ""stiff.""

But it wasn't always so contentious between these two wealthy Republican businessmen. Trump endorsed Romney's 2012 White House bid, and Romney eagerly reciprocated the love.

Romney has been critical of Trump's tone for months, but this speech comes as Trump has won 10 of the first 15 nominating contests, holds a lead in convention delegates and shows little sign of flagging. While many Republican insiders are eager to rally around a non-Trump candidate, there's no indication voters are consolidating around an alternative.

In addition to criticizing his temperament, Romney argued that Trump is unelectable in a general election.

""Trump relishes any poll that reflects what he thinks of himself. But polls are also saying that he will lose to Hillary Clinton,"" said Romney.

This week, a group of more than 60 conservative foreign policy experts wrote an open letter denouncing Trump's statements, concluding that Trump is ""fundamentally dishonest"" and would ""use the authority of his office to act in ways that make America less safe, and which would diminish our standing in the world.""",1
4052,"In Jamaica, Obama indicates that he will remove Cuba from terrorism list","President Obama indicated Thursday that he is preparing to announce Cuba’s removal from the U.S. State Department’s list of state sponsors of terrorism, a move that should quickly lead to a full restoration of diplomatic ties and the opening of embassies in Havana and Washington.

Speaking at a gathering of Caribbean leaders here, Obama said the State Department had finished a review of the issue. There is little doubt that it recommends he drop Cuba from the list, and the only real question is when the announcement will be made.

That could come as early as this week, as Obama attends a summit of Latin American leaders that for the first time will be joined by Cuban President Raúl Castro. Administration officials said a decision on when the president will take action has not been finalized and awaits formal consultation with other affected government agencies.

[Read: Rare poll shows vast majority of Cubans welcome closer ties with U.S.]

But anticipation is already running high, and Caribbean leaders with whom Obama met on Thursday voiced strong approval for the new era in U.S.-Cuba relations. 

In Washington, Sen. Benjamin L. Cardin (Md.), the ranking Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, issued a statement saying he welcomed what he said was the positive State Department recommendation.

Obama confirmed that the White House had received the review but said he would “not make an announcement today.” He added, “I do think we’re going to be in a position to move forward on opening embassies.”

As he began a meeting with Jamaican Prime Minister Portia Simpson Miller, Obama noted that a new poll of Cuban public opinion, published in Thursday’s edition of The Washington Post, demonstrated “overwhelming support” for the normalization process and “overwhelming interest by most Cubans to put one era behind us and move forward.”

[Read: What it means to drop Cuba from list of terrorism sponsors]

A positive announcement on the terror-list decision would be welcomed at the two-day Summit of the Americas, which Obama will attend on Friday and Saturday in Panama with up to 35 other leaders from across the Western Hemisphere. The summit is held every three years, and this will be Castro’s first time in attendance. It will be Obama’s third time, following meetings in 2009 and 2012 that were overshadowed by U.S. insistence that Cuba be excluded.

Administration aides have strongly hinted that Obama and Castro will meet for more than a handshake at the summit, but they have not specified the nature of the encounter.

A White House official said Thurwday: “I can confirm that President Obama spoke with President Castro on Wednesday, before President Obama departed Washington.”

Secretary of State John F. Kerry also met with Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodríguez Parrilla late Thursday in Panama City, the Associated Press reported.

As delegations gathered on the eve of the summit, the presence of communist Cuba made for some extraordinary and also ugly scenes.

In one part of town Thursday, at a forum for the chief executives of major U.S. companies including Facebook, Coca-Cola and Boeing, a Cuban trade official invited America’s corporate leaders to visit the island, telling them his country was open for business.

But at a parallel event at a different location, raucous pro-

Castro crowds disrupted a gathering of nonprofit and civil society groups, blocking Cuban dissidents from participating and denouncing the event’s organizers for daring to invite them.

The tensions, which had boiled over into a wild melee Wednesday in a city park, were a reminder that Cubans’ deep divisions will persist long after the United States reopens an embassy in Havana.

“We are deeply concerned by reports of attacks targeting civil society representatives in Panama for the Summit of the Americas exercising freedom of speech and harassment of those participating in the Summit of the Americas Civil Society Forum,” said State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf, adding that the U.S. “condemns those who use violence against peaceful protesters.”

The situation was also a sign that while the Castro government is increasingly willing to tinker with its economic model, the experiment doesn’t extend to politics. The government also remains determined to stifle critics well beyond Cuba’s borders.

But Rodrigo Malmierca Díaz, Cuba’s minister of foreign trade and investment, said in a speech that although U.S. sanctions continued to limit American business with the island, Obama’s recent moves were “a positive step.”

Malmierca said the Castro government is seeking more than $8 billion in foreign investment in its new effort to spur growth.

Once Obama approves the recommendation to delist Cuba, Congress will have 45 days to consider the proposal. But legislators have no power to alter such a recommendation except through new legislation, a move that is seen as unlikely. The administration has made the case to Cuba that Obama’s decision — even before the end of the 45 days — should be enough for the two countries to move forward on reopening embassies.

Cuba has said it cannot envision having full diplomatic relations with a country that has charged it with supporting overseas terrorism. In many ways, the U.S. designation, first imposed in 1982, is a Cold War relic. Although the United States strongly objects to Cuba’s domestic policies, it has offered no evidence for decades that Cuba is actively involved in terrorism abroad.

Leaders of 14 of the 15 members of the Caribbean Community, known as Caricom, met here with Obama. Those in attendance ­welcomed the broader move toward normalization, which ­Simpson Miller called “a bold and courageous move . . . for the good of all of our people.” Obama, she said, is “on the right side of history.”

[Obama moves to normalize relations with Cuba as American is released by Havana]

While the focus of the Caricom talks covered regional security and economic development, Obama’s visit here is also part of a larger plan, which includes his outreach to Cuba. The move is directly related to the administration’s efforts to improve U.S. standing in the region and to undermine Venezuela’s attempts to draw the Caribbean states into its orbit. For years, Venezuela has used cut-rate oil to buy anti-

American support from cash-strapped Caribbean governments.

In recent weeks, Caracas, with money problems of its own, has rolled back energy subsidies to Caricom members. With an energy security program announced in January by Vice President Biden, the Obama administration hopes to help fund island infrastructure to receive and use U.S. gas and petroleum, and then to subsidize U.S. sales of energy products to the Caribbean.

As they try to wean island governments away from Venezuela, administration officials have also attempted to play down their difficulties with Caracas. Thomas A. Shannon, a senior aide to Secretary of State John F. Kerry, was in Venezuela on Thursday for meetings with President Nicolás Maduro. The visit aimed to give at least the impression that the United States is trying to smooth over its differences with the Maduro government before the Caricom meeting and the larger Summit of the Americas.

Miroff reported from Panama City. David Nakamura in Washington also contributed to this story.

Where U.S.-Cuba relations stand and what may change

At the Summit of the Americas, focus is likely to be on the U.S. and Cuba

Argument between U.S., Venezuela puts Cuba in awkward position

Today’s coverage from Post correspondents around the world",1
2004,Cruz's immigration gambit,A verdict in 2017 could have sweeping consequences for tech startups.,1
911,Trump slams GOP nominating process as top aide accuses Cruz of 'gestapo tactics' to win delegates,"Republican front-runner Donald Trump took a new round of shots at the GOP's nominating process Sunday, while his newly-hired convention manager Paul Manafort accused Trump's rival Ted Cruz of using ""gestapo tactics"" to earn delegate support at nominating conventions across the country.

Speaking to thousands packed in a frigid airport hangar in western New York, Trump argued anew that the person who wins the most votes in the primary process should automatically be the GOP nominee.

""What they're trying to do is subvert the movement with crooked shenanigans,"" Trump said. The real estate mogul compared himself to Democratic candidate Bernie Sanders, who is well behind Hillary Clinton in that party's delegate race despite a string of state wins.

""We should have won it a long time ago,"" Trump said. ""But, you know, we keep losing where we're winning.""

Trump was introduced at the rally by Buffalo real estate developer and 2010 New York gubernatorial candidate Carl Paladino, who said that talk of a brokered Republican convention ""suggests that they can take that right away from the American people to choose their leader.""

Manafort, a veteran GOP strategist who worked on White House campaigns for President Gerald Ford in 1976 and Kansas Sen. Bob Dole in 1996, told NBC's ""Meet The Press"" that the Cruz campaign was using a ""scorched earth"" approach in which ""they don't care about the party. If they don't get what they want, they blow it up.""

Manafort added that the Trump campaign is filing protests because the Cruz campaign is ""not playing by the rules.”

“You go to his county conventions and you see the gestapo tactics,"" he said.



Trump has a 743-to-545 delegate lead over the Texas senator, with the end of the primary/caucus season fast approaching. Over the weekend, Cruz completed his sweep of Colorado's 34 delegates by locking up the remaining 13 at the party's state convention in Colorado Springs. He already had collected 21 delegates and visited the state to try to pad his numbers there.

Cruz came out ahead in the Colorado contest, though, after dedicating resources to the convention process and putting in personal face time on the day of the final vote, something Trump did not do. The Trump campaign’s flyers in Colorado naming their preferred delegates were also riddled with errors. While Trump aides blamed the state party for giving them bad information, the party pushed back.

And on Twitter, the Colorado GOP retweeted a message, saying: “You may not like CO's caucus system, but it's representative, and claiming delegates were 'stolen' insults the Republicans who participated.”

Cruz spokeswoman Catherine Frazier also retweeted a message saying the rules “were publicly available for months to people who know how to read and understand words.”

Polls show Trump holding a sizable lead in the next big state contest, New York's April 19 primary, but Cruz is trying to chip away at Trump's home-state advantage in conservative pockets of the Empire State.

Ohio Gov. John Kasich is third with 143 delegates, behind Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, who ended his campaign March 15 with 171 committed delegates.

Manafort insisted Sunday that he’s still connected enough to wrangle delegates.

""You would be surprised who's been calling me over the last week and where they're from,"" he said. ""Do I know the 25-, 30-year-old delegates? No. Do I know the people who push buttons in a lot of these states? Yes.""

However, Manafort made clear the Trump campaign won’t use strong-arm tactics.

“That’s not my style,” he told NBC. “That’s not Donald Trump’s style. That’s Ted Cruz’s style.”

Manafort also dismissed the notion that the Trump campaign has missed opportunities to get delegates through insider tactics and boasted that Cruz has and will continue to lose that way.

He said the Trump campaign has gotten all of the committee spots in Alabama and that it “wiped [Cruz] out"" in a similar effort in Michigan.

“You’re going to see Ted Cruz get skunked in Nevada,” Manafort added.

Manafort made clear the race to get 1,237 delegates will likely extend until early June, which includes California’s GOP primary, with 172 delegates, and the New Jersey primary with 51 at stake.

“I’m confident there are several ways to get to 1,237,” he said.

Trump would need to win nearly 60 percent of all the remaining delegates to clinch the nomination before this summer's convention in Cleveland. So far, he's winning about 45 percent.

Manafort insisted being hired by the Trump campaign was not a shakeup, particularly amid Cruz’s come-from-behind win last week in Wisconsin.

He argued the campaign season is entering its end stages and that Trump must move from the free-wheeling, free-media style that made the first-time candidate the GOP presidential front-runner.

“Donald Trump has recognized that,” Manafort said, while arguing Trump still runs the campaign.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
5146,Obama hits the trail for Hillary Clinton: Will he help or hurt?,"President Obama campaigns Tuesday with Mrs. Clinton for the first time. He's more popular than she is, and can excite the Democratic base. But Obama also faces risks.

President Barack Obama and then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton arrived at Yangon International Airport in Yangon, Myanmar in 2012. The last time they traveled together was to the country, which had recently adopted democratic reforms. They’ve been bitter rivals, allies and colleagues. When they take the stage at their first joint campaign appearance on July, 5, 2016, Obama and Clinton will show off a new phase in their storied relationship: co-dependents.

President Obama is set to hit the campaign trail for Hillary Clinton for the first time, the next step in what Democrats hope is a march to four more years in the White House.

Mr. Obama has been itching to campaign for Mrs. Clinton for a while. But there was this little thing called the primaries that had to play out first. Then there was the Orlando massacre on June 12, which forced the cancellation of their first joint appearance, which was to take place a few days later.

Obama, too, has been mindful of Bernie Sanders, who still hasn’t endorsed Clinton, and of Senator Sanders’s supporters. Still, polls show that most Democrats and Democratic-leaning voters are ready to vote for Clinton, so the big question is  turnout. That’s where Obama comes in, beginning Tuesday, when he joins Clinton on stage in Charlotte, N.C. He’s more popular than Clinton, and can (Democrats hope) rally the troops. But Obama also faces risks as a surrogate.

Here’s a list of the ways Obama can both help and hurt Clinton’s candidacy. First, the positives:

He’s better at campaigning. There’s a reason he beat Clinton in 2008, when she was the heavy favorite going in to win the Democratic nomination. He’s the master at soaring rhetoric, and she is all about 10-point plans.

He has higher approval ratings. Obama is more popular than Clinton. His job approval rating is hovering around 50 percent, which is pretty good, considering that he was “under water” for much of the last three years – that is, more voters disapproved of his job performance than approved.  Clinton, in contrast, is deeply underwater, seen favorably by only 40 percent of Americans and 56 percent unfavorably. Maybe Obama can offer her some coattails.

As president, Obama still commands the bully pulpit. Presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump is a master at attracting media attention, but Obama is pretty good at it too. Wherever Obama goes, so do the media – and that’s good for Clinton when he’s campaigning for her. Attracting free media, which amplifies her message at no cost, saves campaign cash for other purposes, such as get-out-the-vote efforts.

Obama can troll Mr. Trump in a way Clinton can’t. Obama clearly loves to make fun of Trump. Remember the White House Correspondents’ Dinner in 2011, when Obama mocked him mercilessly as the real estate mogul sat stone-faced in the audience? Trump had harangued Obama on his place of birth to the point where Obama released his long-form birth certificate just to end the distraction, and at that dinner, Obama got his payback.

Obama has a deeper connection to key constituencies. Obama won the presidency twice in part by winning big among minorities, young voters, and single women. Clinton is beating Trump handily among all three constituencies, but Democrats are concerned about getting those groups excited about turning out. Obama is expected to play an important role in inspiring those groups, especially minorities and Millennials, to show up at the polls.

Obama is sharing his campaign data. The president’s vaunted “data-driven machine,” the operation that elected him twice, is now at Clinton’s disposal – including Obama’s massive email list. That explains all the emails showing up in supporters’ inboxes offering a chance to go see the Broadway musical “Hamilton” with Clinton.

Fundraising. Obama is still a major rainmaker for his party, and that benefits everyone up and down the Democratic ticket.

Obama is no longer the ‘change’ candidate. Eight years ago, Obama was the candidate of hope and change. Now an older, grayer Obama represents the status quo, which for some Americans isn’t good, and Trump is the candidate of change. So it will be harder to jazz up crowds.

It’s the Republicans’ ‘turn.’ After two terms of the Democratic Obama, voters would usually be ready for a swing of the pendulum toward the GOP. So Obama and Clinton are trying to buck history. Trump’s inflammatory rhetoric and unorthodox policies give the Democrats hope. But Obama has to be mindful that, in theory, this shouldn’t be a Democratic year.

Obama can’t campaign everywhere. He'll avoid solidly red states. Even in battleground states, the president has to pick his spots, and that probably means avoiding heavily blue-collar areas. Pennsylvania is one example. It’s shaping up to be an important state for Trump, if he’s going to have a shot at winning. But after Obama’s secretly recorded comments during the 2008 campaign about voters in small-town Pennsylvania who “cling to guns or religion,” he should probably steer clear of rural western Pennsylvania and similar areas in the old rust belt.

Obama and Clinton differ on some important policies. Under pressure from Sanders’s unexpectedly strong campaign, Clinton has moved to Obama’s left on issues relevant to working Americans, such as trade and the minimum wage. And she remains more hawkish on military intervention abroad.

In a way, these policy differences help refute the idea that a Clinton presidency would be just a third Obama term. But if voters bring them up during campaign appearances, it could be awkward for both the president and Clinton.

Obama has to beware the Trump trap. Too much trolling could drag the president down.

Bottom line: Obama can do a lot of good for Clinton over the next four months, as he works to convince American voters that they should warm up to her just as he did. But there’s only so much a lame-duck president can do for his hoped-for successor.",1
10,Scalia’s death comes just a month before the court’s biggest abortion case in years,"The unexpected death of Justice Antonin Scalia comes less than a month before the Supreme Court hears its biggest abortion case in a decade.

On March 2, the Supreme Court will hear oral arguments in Whole Women's Health v. Hellerstadt, a challenge to a Texas law that has closed about half of the state's abortion clinics since 2013.

If the law is allowed to stand, abortion rights supporters say it would close all but about 10 of Texas's abortion clinics. Advocates on both sides of the abortion issue say this case could be the most important decision on abortion in 25 years.

Scalia has been a staunch opponent of abortion rights, and critical of the landmark Roe v. Wade decision in 1972, which established a constitutional right to abortion. ""You want a right to abortion? There's nothing in the Constitution about that,"" Scalia said in a 2011 interview.

Scalia was a near-certain vote in favor of upholding the Texas law. Without him, things get a bit more complicated. But the key thing to know is this: Without Scalia, its very hard to see a world where the Supreme Court affirms the Texas law's constitutionality.

Here's why: There are almost certainly four votes against the law from the Court's liberal wing. And it's possible there are five votes, as justice Anthony Kennedy has been a swing vote on abortion cases. A 5-3 decision would be the best case for abortion rights supporters, as it would repeal the Texas law and prevent other states from passing similar restrictions.

The best case outcome for the abortion rights opponents, meanwhile, is a 4-4 tie. In that case, Supreme Court rules say that the decision of the circuit court is left in place without setting any constitutional precedent.

In that case, this would let the Texas law stand, since the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in favor of the restriction. That would be far from an ideal outcome for the law's challengers and would leave abortion access greatly restricted in Texas.

But it also wouldn't give other states the clear signal that these types of restrictions are constitutional — something that abortion opponents would very much like to see.

The case, Whole Woman's Health v. Hellerstedt, was brought by Texas abortion providers challenging Texas's House Bill 2, which the legislature enacted into law in July 2013.

That bill has two main restrictions, both of which the clinics challenge in this case. One was a requirement that all abortion clinics have admitting privileges at local hospitals. That piece of HB2 went into effect in September 2013, and forced 14 clinics that could not obtain admitting privileges to close.

HB2 also requires abortion clinics to become ambulatory surgical centers, essentially mini emergency rooms that can handle complex medical situations. Ambulatory surgical centers, for example, must have wide enough hallways to fit a gurney and larger operating rooms than abortion clinics typically use.

Abortion clinics in Texas have said that upgrading to these new standards would cost upward of $1 million. They have argued that the new requirements are unnecessary, as abortions tend to have a very low complication risk. Approximately 0.05 percent of first-trimester abortions have complications that require hospital care.

Texas clinics have said because these upgrades are so costly, many facilities would close. Their lawyers previous stated that about 900,000 of Texas's 4.5 million reproductive-age women would live more than 150 miles from a clinic if HB2 stands.

The Supreme Court has, in previous rulings, articulated standards for judging the constitutionality of abortion restrictions like these. And one key standard the justices have settled on is whether a restriction places an ""undue burden"" on women seeking to terminate a pregnancy.

The Supreme Court has previously defined an undue burden as a law with the ""purpose or effect of placing a substantial obstacle in the path of a woman seeking an abortion of a nonviable fetus."" The Supreme Court has previously ruled that laws requiring women to notify their spouses of their abortion, for example, are an undue burden, as it could make it impossible for some women to access the procedure.

The Texas law requires abortion clinics to become mini emergency rooms

The Texas clinics argue that HB2 ought to fit the ""undue burden"" definition: Because it would force most Texas abortion clinics to close, it would become the type of ""substantial obstacle"" that the Supreme Court has previously found to be unconstitutional.

If the Texas law stands, the clinics argue, ""every woman in Texas would have to live under a legal regime that fails to respect her equal citizenship status and would force her to grapple with unnecessary and substantial obstacles as a condition of exercising her protected liberty.""

Texas has defended its new restrictions as not placing a substantial burden on those seeking abortions. As evidence, it points to the fact that the admitting privileges portion of the law has been in effect for more than a year, forcing 14 clinics to close. The clinics, they pointed out, presented no evidence of women who wanted to obtain an abortion not being able to do so.

The Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals used that argument to uphold the law in October.

""Demand for abortion services in Texas may decrease in the future, as it has done nationally over the past several years,"" the Fifth Circuit ruled. ""The record lacks evidence that the previous closures ... have caused women to be turned away from clinics. Without any evidence ... plaintiffs do not appear to ... show that the ambulatory surgical center provision will result in insufficient clinic capacity.""

The Fifth Circuit continued that ""the evidence does not indicate, without specificity, that by requiring all abortion clinics to meet the standards of ambulatory surgical centers, the overall costs of accessing an abortion provider will likely increase.""

Texas has also challenged the clinics' argument that the new restrictions are unnecessary because abortion is generally a safe procedure, saying it's not the place of the courts to second-guess the possible outcome of the law.

Abortion rights supporters have pointed to new research that suggests the state was wrong on this. According to the Texas Policy Evaluation Project, major Texas cities have seen significant increases in wait times at abortion clinics. In Dallas, where the average wait time for an abortion was five days prior to HB2, women may now wait as long as 20 days.",1
2893,New Saudi king ascends to the throne as terrorism threat grows,"At 3 a.m. on a cold desert night earlier this month, four Islamic State militants carrying guns, grenades and cash slipped into Saudi Arabia here through a hole in the new heavy fencing that separates this country from Iraq.

They were immediately spotted by Saudi border guards in a state-of-the-art control room 35 miles away, appearing first as blips on radar, then as ghostly white figures on night-vision cameras scanning the desolate desert landscape.

Heavily armed troops were dispatched to confront them. When the battle ended, the four intruders — all Saudi citizens — and three Saudi soldiers were dead, including the local base commander, who was killed when a militant pretending to surrender detonated a suicide vest.

“Thanks to God and our new systems, we are ready for whatever they try,” said the new commander, Ali Mohammed Assiri, whose troops have now been issued orders to shoot on sight anyone breaching the border. “If you are not willing to defend the country, you don’t deserve to live in it.”

Except for Syria and Iraq, where the Islamic State controls territory, no country is more directly threatened by Islamist militants than Saudi Arabia, which the extremists regard as a traitor to Islam for Riyadh’s close associations with the United States and the West.

No king of Saudi Arabia has ascended the throne amid more regional turmoil than King Salman, who was crowned Friday upon the death of his brother King Abdullah.

With war raging in Syria and tensions with Iran increasing, Saudi Arabia is threatened by a disintegration of the national government in Yemen across its southern border and by the Islamic State militants who are dominating the Iraqi desert just over its northern border.

Salman indirectly mentioned the threat of rising violence and regional instability on Friday in his first speech to the Saudi people, saying that “the Arab and Islamic nation is in dire need today to be united and maintain solidarity.”

Militants have staged four attacks inside the kingdom in the past six months, resulting in the deaths of eight civilians, 11 police or border guards and 13 militants, according to Saudi officials.

As in the recent attacks in Paris on the Charlie Hebdo satirical newspaper and a kosher supermarket, most of the Saudi attacks have been carried out by homegrown radicals influenced or trained by the Islamic State, al-Qaeda or other extremist groups. Saudi authorities said that they have arrested 293 people in connection with the incidents and that 260 of them are Saudi nationals.

Saudi officials are anticipating more attacks, either by some of the 2,200 or so Saudi citizens they say have gone to fight with the Islamic State in Syria or Iraq, or by others who infiltrate Saudi Arabia’s borders, especially the nearly 600-mile frontier with Iraq, which runs mainly through empty desert.

“They are targeting Saudi Arabia, and they want to have a very big terrorist act in this country,” said Gen. Mansour al-Turki, spokesman for the Interior Ministry.

The Saudi government has responded by sharply beefing up border security and by creating new laws that give the government broad power to arrest anyone who joins, or even praises, the radical groups — which has led to complaints from human rights groups that the laws are being unfairly used against activists who merely criticize the government.

Officials have also made it illegal for imams in the country’s 85,000 mosques to give sermons sympathizing with religious extremists. The Ministry of Islamic Affairs has launched the al-Sakinah Campaign for Dialogue, an anti-radicalization program that includes a Web site offering anonymous counseling.

“We are also educating the imams to tell people that what ISIS is saying is against Islam,” said Tawfeeq al-Sediry, Saudi Arabia’s deputy minister of Islamic affairs. “They represent violence. We represent the real Islam.”

Saudi officials said they have also tightened controls on charities suspected of channeling money to radicals. Wealthy Saudi individuals are widely believed to be a significant source of funding for the Islamic State and al-Qaeda.

Critics point to that funding as evidence that many Saudis quietly support the Islamic State, seeing it as a Sunni Muslim force fighting to protect other Sunnis, especially in Syria and Iraq, where Shiite Muslims control the government with the support of Saudi Arabia’s chief rival, Iran.

“In the Middle East, it’s nothing new: You create your own terrorists, then pretend you are fighting them,” said Ali al-Ahmed, a Saudi activist who runs the Institute for Gulf Affairs in Washington. “The Saudis didn’t even invent it, but they’re good at it.”

Ahmed said the Saudi government is “playing both sides” to give “the appearance that they are the good guys.”

“They get a lot of political traction out of it,” Ahmed said. “To the Americans, they are the guardians of safety, and no matter how horrible they are on human rights, the way they treat women and all that, they are the ones who are keeping things under control. Really, they are very clever.”

Awadh al-Badi, a researcher and scholar at the King Faisal Center for Research and Islamic Studies in Riyadh, rejects those assertions. He says the Islamic State is offering arguments that attract some idealistic young Muslims.

Islamic State leaders say they want to establish a vast Islamic caliphate or “khalifa,” including taking control of the holy cities of Mecca and Medina, which are in Saudi Arabia.

“For many young people, the idea of khalifa is the idea of the great Islam,” Badi said. “The idea itself is attractive to many people who aspire to see a return of Islamic dignity and influence.”

One Western diplomat based in Riyadh said Saudi cooperation in the fight against Islamist militants has been unwavering. He noted that Saudi Arabia has joined the U.S.-led military coalition against the Islamic State and sent fighter jets to bomb militant targets — including one F-16 piloted by King Salman’s son Prince Khaled.

“We have had to fight the perception that the Saudis are not doing enough,” the diplomat said, speaking on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the subject. “From here, we think they are doing plenty. They tell us, ‘We’ve been fighting these guys and their ilk for 12 years, so don’t tell us how to fight these people.’”

The kingdom faced a wave of al-Qaeda attacks in the mid-2000s, but officials were able to stop them with a fierce crackdown that resulted in the jailing of thousands of suspected militants.

The decree issued last spring making it illegal to belong to or publicly support the Islamic State and other radical groups has slowed the flow of Saudis joining the militants, said Turki, the Interior Ministry spokesman, because it allows police to arrest anyone trying to go as well as those returning.

The most visible sign of Saudi Arabia’s response to the rising militant threat is the extensive new system of fences, ditches, razor wire and berms along the border with Iraq, which stretches from the border with Kuwait in the east to Jordan in the west.

King Abdullah inaugurated the barrier system in September after six years of construction on the project, which was initially conceived as a defense against the sectarian chaos in Iraq but is now primarily a defense against the Islamic State.

Saudi officials have also embarked on a multiyear project to similarly fortify all the thousands of miles of land borders, with Jordan, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Oman and especially Yemen — where the government was recently toppled by rebels aligned with Iran, Saudi Arabia’s main rival for power in the region.

Sometimes jokingly referred to as the “Great Wall,” the Iraq border defense system involves two high fences topped with concertina wire, backed by deep ditches and tall sand berms designed to make it impossible for any vehicle to cross.

The physical barriers are reinforced by technological ones, with 40 radar towers, each 125 feet high, that constantly sweep a radius of nearly 25 miles looking for any movement. Each tower is fitted with two cameras — one for daytime, one for night — that can zoom in on objects up to 12 miles away.

At the border’s main control room, at the border guard base in Arar, a town of about 100,000 people in the empty desert nearly 600 miles northwest of Riyadh, operators sit at computer monitors watching 24 hours a day.

When radar spots something moving in a suspicious place, the operators use a mouse to swivel the camera in its direction. Most of the time it’s nothing dangerous — a camel or a shepherd’s dog — but in the pre-dawn hours of Jan. 5, it was four heavily armed militants.

Not far from a remote and desolate border crossing, which is only open during the hajj pilgrimage season, the four militants slipped through a hole left by a construction crew working on the fence.

Turki said the men were trying to get to Arar, where police arrested three Saudis and four Syrians suspected of plotting with the infiltrators. The four militants were carrying nearly $20,000 in cash, four suicide vests, six grenades, five assault rifles and pistols and two silencers.

“Even if they got to Arar, were they waiting for the people to rise with them? I doubt it,” said Badi, the King Faisal Center scholar. “They send messages: We are capable of coming to you. We will target you. Terrorism will come to you.

“It’s the same idea as the attacks in France,” he said. “They are not planning to take over France, but they send a message that they can do this.”",1
4434,"With Another Deadline Looming, Whispers Of Iran Nuclear Deal Emerge","With Another Deadline Looming, Whispers Of Iran Nuclear Deal Emerge

As Iran and world powers faced yet another self-imposed deadline on Monday, whispers of a deal began to leave the negotiating room.

Quoting two unnamed diplomats, The Associated Press reported that the deal, which would limit Iran's nuclear program in exchange for a lifting of sanctions, would be announced Monday.

NPR's Peter Kenyon, who is reporting from Vienna, reports that Iranian TV is adding to an expectation for a deal. He filed this report for our Newscast unit:

""The signals from Iran are positive, with state-run media predicting an agreement will happen, and Iranian officials describing the document as running to almost 100 pages, including several technical annexes. ""Most reports of an imminent deal, however, include the caveat that a few issues need to be worked out, and the various capitals must sign off on any agreement. ""If they do get an accord, exhausted negotiators will have little time to celebrate their achievement. Critics in congress warmed up their attacks on Sunday talk shows in Washington, and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu re-stated his argument that Iran is a bigger threat than the self-proclaimed Islamic State.""

The BBC rounds up what high-level officials said on the record about the negotiations on Sunday:

""US Secretary of State John Kerry said 'a few tough things' needed to be resolved but added: 'We're getting to some real decisions.' ""French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius, who cancelled a trip to Africa to stay at the talks, said: 'I hope we are finally entering the final phase of these marathon negotiations. I believe it.' ""In Iran, President Hassan Rouhani said the sides had 'come a long way.' 'We need to reach a peak and we're very close,' the Isna news agency quoted him as saying.""

If, indeed, the deal is reached, it would mark the culmination of decades of diplomacy. The deal, however, would have to be approved by several capitals — including the U.S. Congress.",1
814,Donald Trump's Clintonesque foreign policy,"In a speech Wednesday outlining his would-be foreign policy, Donald Trump tried to sound presidential. The Republican presidential candidate succeeded in sounding tough if contradictory. But he outlined a foreign policy that isn’t so different from that of Hillary Clinton.

Take ISIS for example. Trump acknowledged in his speech the jihadist army that is slipping its tentacles into the West and promised that its “days are numbered.” But Trump refused to provide any details of how he would fight ISIS—implying he doesn’t want to telegraph his brilliant strategy to the enemy.

This is too clever by half.  Given that ISIS is rampaging in the Middle East and has massacred Americans there, in Europe, and right here in the United States, it’s insufficient for a presidential candidate effectively to say “yadda, yadda I’ll beat ISIS” and provide no more information.

Frankly, it sounds like a teenager who has failed every quiz during the semester but implausibly promises to save the day by acing the final.

The reality is Trump’s strategy to defeat ISIS is basically the same as that of President Obama and Secretary Clinton, which is to say he has no strategy at all.

Earlier Wednesday Trump all but endorsed Obama’s announcement that he’ll send 250 more troops to Syria, saying “I could agree with it,” but declaring he would dispatch them secretly.

Trump doesn’t know how to go beyond the Obama-Clinton foreign policy of using gestures to appear be reacting to events without actually solving anything.

Evidently, Trump would also mirror Clinton on Russia.  Despite promises to regard Moscow “with open eyes” Trump observed Wednesday, “we are not bound to be adversaries,” and added, “I believe an easing of tensions and improved relations with Russia.”

This is no different than the self-regard and conceit that led Clinton to offer the Russians a plastic “reset” button, believing the force of her personality would change the Russians’ calculation of their national interests.

Wednesday in Washington Trump laudably called for containing the spread of radical Islam while observing that is not just a military struggle but a “philosophical contest”—a reality that has eluded much of the U.S. government since 9/11.

It seems like Trump is newly willing to borrow a few ideas from Ted Cruz and other conservatives who have been pressing these issues throughout the presidential campaign.  However, the businessman undercut himself by saying he will stick with the Iran nuclear deal he allegedly disdains, promising merely to implement it strictly.

There is no way to defeat radical Islam without ceasing the grand accommodation of the Iranian regime that Obama enacted as Secretary Clinton cheered.

The biggest takeaway from Trump’s foreign policy speech should be that the only remaining candidate with a conservative, Reaganesque foreign policy prepared for today’s threats is Ted Cruz.

Trump’s speech was helpful for that reason alone.



Christian Whiton is a member of the Cruz National Security Coalition. He was a State Department senior advisor in the George W. Bush administration and a policy advisor on the Giuliani and Gingrich presidential campaigns. He is author of ""Smart Power: Between Diplomacy and War"" (Potomac Books 2013).",1
2036,Backers: Romney more open to 2016,A verdict in 2017 could have sweeping consequences for tech startups.,1
90,Why Rachel Dolezal's assertion that she is black could pave way for folks choosing a 'racial identity',"Rachel Dolezal, the former head of the Spokane NAACP, has insisted she is black, despite having white parents. She has been quoted as saying, ""That question is not as easy as it seems. There's a lot of complexities ... and I don't know that everyone would understand that.""

I do understand. Years ago, even before Sen. Elizabeth Warren was exposed for identifying herself as Native American (which she is not), I believe I was the first person in the world to assert that transgender activism by Chaz Bono (and now by Caitlyn Jenner) could sow the seeds for people not only to assert their core gender identities, despite DNA evidence to the contrary, but also to assert their racial identities, despite physical and historical evidence to the contrary. If a man with male anatomy and a “Y” chromosome can assert he is female and be put on the covers of celebrity magazines and given awards for bravery, why can’t a white woman assert that her internal identity is that of a black woman?

If a blond man with Scandinavian roots visits Japan and feels a gripping sense of belonging, such that he is certain he is among his own people, why can’t that man return to America, dye his hair, have facial surgery and be accepted as an Asian-American?

Why does factual history have to dictate current reality if a human being feels very deeply that that factual history is not in tune with his or her inner sense of self?

I mean the question sincerely, because we are rushing into this philosophical and psychological landscape with almost no consideration of its implications. And I am not taking sides with either transgender advocates or those who oppose them. Let others consider the implications of the transgender movement for our collective grip on reality, as a culture and as a species.

I am merely stating what seems obvious to me. If our measure of what a person is must be no more and no less than what she feels she is, then Rachel Dolezal can be black, if she wants to be, and if she can show evidence that she has sincerely adopted that vision of herself. And Elizabeth Warren can be a Native American. To do otherwise would be to stigmatize them for their “racial identity,” in the same way that Caitlyn Jenner would object to being stigmatized for Caitlyn’s “gender identity.”

Racial identity need not be the end of this, by the way. Here’s one to ponder: If a man feels, to the core of his being, that he is 65 when he is chronologically 35, and if he can show evidence that he has voiced this self-concept, repeatedly, and has objected vigorously to being treated as though he is 35, who are we to lace him to his actual date of birth? Why not let him choose another that feels “right”? And if he applies for Medicare, why should he be denied? Isn’t that discriminating against him based on his age identity?

You may think this is ridiculous (and I might), but a leading attorney with whom I have consulted has suggested that the case of such a man would not be without some merit, given the case law regarding transgender individuals.

As my artist friend Lincoln Agner puts it, “When we cross enough boundaries, millions of people can end up playing air guitar.”

I have warned and warned and warned that breaking free of certain apparent realities that define us as human beings – genetically and historically – can have profound implications for how closely people remain tied to reality, in general. Let us see how far down this path of “self”-assertion we travel, and with what results.



Dr. Keith Ablow is a psychiatrist and member of the Fox News Medical A-Team.",1
3559,Tsarnaev Mom: Americans Are ‘Terrorists’,"Convicted Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev’s mother, Zubeidat, has reportedly posted a statement online declaring Americans “the terrorists here” and calling her son “the best of the best.” In a message sent to a family friend on Russian social media site VKontakte, Zubeidat Tsarnaev wrote, “I will never forget it. May god bless those who helped my son. The terrorists here are the Americans and it’s known to everyone. My son is the best of the best.” Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty on all 30 counts against him and now faces the death penalty.

Zubeidat said she was outraged at the verdict in an interview with Vocativ over WhatsApp:

""TODAY THEY ARE KILLING MUSLIMS, AND TOMORROW WILL COME YOUR TURN AND HE, WHO DOUBTS THIS IS DEEPLY MISTAKEN!!!!!” . ""THEY WILL PAY FOR MY SONS AND THE SONS OF ISLAM, PERMANENTLY!!! THE TEARS OF THEIR MOTHERS WILL BE FUEL FOR THEM IN HELL, AND ALSO THEIR BLOOD, I AM DOUBTLESS AND ETERNALLY GLAD THAT I KNOW THIS FROM THE WORDS OF THE CREATOR, NOT JUST ANYONE’S WORDS!!!!!!""",1
1241,Clinton braces for Nevada nail-biter,"The election in 232 photos, 43 numbers and 131 quotes, from the two candidates at the center of it all.",1
4806,Here are the top five things to watch in tonight's debate,"First Read is a morning briefing from Meet the Press and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter.

HEMPSTEAD, NY -- Well, we're finally here: Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump tonight square off in their first presidential debate at Hofstra University, making it arguably the most consequential night so far of the 2016 election. The stakes are enormous, with recent polls showing the national race ranges from a six-point lead for Clinton (in the NBC/WSJ) to a dead-even tie (in Bloomberg's). There are five storylines we're watching heading into the debate.

Which Donald Trump shows up? After observing him over the last 15 months, including during the GOP debate season, we're pretty confident who Trump is -- he's aggressive, loaded with zingers and oppo hits, and shaky on policy. But there the possibility that a different Trump could show up tonight. But if we were in Las Vegas, we'd bet heavily on the Trump we know showing up. (Just see Trump's Gennifer Flowers tweet from over the weekend.)

Which Hillary Clinton comes to play? Meanwhile, we've spent the last eight years watching Clinton at presidential debates, and she's good. (Remember, she's a former lawyer.) Clinton was at her absolutely best last October in that first Democratic debate, where she ran circles around Bernie Sanders and her other opponents. But Clinton also has had some uneven performances -- think of that Democratic debate in Iowa right after the Paris terrorist attacks. And there was her game-changing rough moment when Tim Russert asked her about drivers' licenses for undocumented immigrants in Oct. 2008.

How does Trump fare in his first one-on-one debate? That's right. Tonight will be the first time that Trump has ever debated an opponent one-on-one. Indeed, he thrived (and sometimes simply survived) during the GOP debate season with as many as eight to 10 other Republicans on the stage. So even though he was always in the spotlight, he only had to speak 12-18 minutes in a two-hour debate. Tonight will be different.

How does Clinton fare in facing off against the ultimate Alpha Male? In his preview of tonight's debate, the Atlantic's James Fallows interviewed the famous anthropologist Jane Goodall. ""In many ways the performances of Donald Trump remind me of male chimpanzees and their dominance rituals,"" Goodall said. ""In order to impress rivals, males seeking to rise in the dominance hierarchy perform spectacular displays: stamping, slapping the ground, dragging branches, throwing rocks. The more vigorous and imaginative the display, the faster the individual is likely to rise in the hierarchy, and the longer he is likely to maintain that position."" How Clinton responds could be one of the most important parts to tonight's debate.

What happens in the first 30-40 minutes? As Politico's Shane Goldmacher observes, history has shown that most memorable moments of a debate typically happen early. ""That's when Al Gore first sighed, Mitt Romney knocked President Obama on his heels, and Marco Rubio, earlier this year, glitched in repeating the same talking point — over and over and over. It's when Gore tried, unsuccessfully, to invade George W. Bush's space, Richard Nixon was first caught wiping away sweat with a handkerchief (during the moderators' introductions!) and Gerald Ford in 1976 made the ill-advised declaration that, 'There is no Soviet domination of Eastern Europe.'""

Do the debates really matter?

That's the fascinating question our colleague Dante Chinni asks. And his answer: not really. ""Looking at pre-debate NBC News/Wall Street Journal presidential polls and the final election results since 1992, there is only one campaign where the debate may have made a serious difference — 2000. In every other case, the candidate that led going into the debates wound up winning on Election Day. And, to be fair about 2000, Democrat Al Gore actually did get more votes than Republican George W. Bush (but lost the Electoral College), so technically — where the popular vote is concerned — the numbers above show a perfect 6 for 6. The candidate that led in the poll going into the debate period won the election."" On the other hand, 34% of voters in our new NBC/WSJ poll said that debates will be either ""extremely important"" or ""quite important"" in deciding their vote. Also, don't be surprised if the third-party vote in polls starts to drop after tonight. And how that vote gets distributed in the post-debate polls will be important to watch.

NBC's Alex Seitz-Wald and Benjy Sarlin tee up tonight's debate. ""The good news for Trump, Republicans say, is that the expectations for his performance are about at rock bottom. While he's been more a more disciplined campaigner in recent weeks, he's struggled to stay on message and answer substantive policy questions. He also has never faced the bright spotlight of a one-on-one debate. His campaign, looking to reinforce his underdog image, claims he's eschewing typical debate preparations... Clinton, meanwhile, faces sky-high expectations. She's an experienced debater, having participated in nearly 40 debates since her first campaign for senate in New York 16 years ago, and has been holding marathon prep sessions at a debate camp set up in a hotel near her Chappaqua home.""

The debate starts at 9:00 pm ET, and it lasts 90 minutes - divided into six 15-minute segments. Clinton gets the first question of the debate (on the result of a coin toss). About 1,000 audience members will be in attendance, and they are encouraged to remain quiet. We've got everything else you need to know about all the presidential debates, all in one place -- nbcnews.com/debates.

Tim Kaine campaigns in Florida, making stops in Lakeland and Orlando… And Mike Pence holds a rally in Milford, NH at 1:30 pm ET.",1
4398,"Head Of Medicare, Who Oversaw Obamacare Rollout, Will Step Down","Head Of Medicare, Who Oversaw Obamacare Rollout, Will Step Down

Marilyn Tavenner, the administrator of the federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, who oversaw the implementation of the Affordable Care Act, will step down.

Tavenner announced her departure on Friday in a message to staff.

""I have great pride and joy knowing all that we have accomplished together since I came on board five years ago in February of 2010,"" Tavenner said.

Tavenner was at the center of the problematic rollout of Obamacare, the president's signature domestic program. When the HealthCare.gov insurance marketplace was first introduced in October of 2013, the website was essentially useless.

After the mess, Obama shook up the staff — Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius left last year — but Tavenner remained. After much controversy and congressional hearings, the problems were eventually solved.

In a message to staff, Secretary of Health and Human Services Sylvia Burwell called Tavenner ""one of our most esteemed and accomplished colleagues.""

""It goes without saying that Marilyn will be remembered for her leadership in opening the Health Insurance Marketplace. In so doing, she worked day and night so that millions of Americans could finally obtain the security and peace of mind of quality health insurance at a price they could afford. It's a measure of her tenacity and dedication that after the tough initial rollout of HealthCare.gov, she helped right the ship, bringing aboard a systems integrator and overseeing an overhaul of the website. ""She is a big part of the reason why, as of this past spring, roughly 10 million Americans had gained health coverage since last year – the largest increase in four decades.""",1
756,"Donald Trump, president of the Confederacy: The Southern strategy created the GOP civil war","Of course, Republicans and conservatives find these twin facts offensive and unbelievable. They hold onto their founding myth of Lincoln and “Great Emancipator” while simultaneously being dependent on voters from the former Confederacy for power—states that still fly and honor the American swastika, a rebel flag of treason and anti-black hatred.

Despite their protests, the evidence is overwhelming.

The ascendance of Donald Trump and his coronation as the presumed 2016 Republican presidential candidate is the logical outcome of a several decades-long pattern of racism, nativism, and bigotry by the American right-wing and its news entertainment disinformation machine.

For example, in response to the triumphs of the black freedom struggle and the civil rights movement, the Republican Party has relied on the much discussed “Southern Strategy.” Lee Atwater, master Republican strategist and mentor to Karl Rove explained this approach as:

You start out in 1954 by saying, “N****r, n****r, n****r.” By 1968 you can’t say “n****r”—that hurts you, backfires. So you say stuff like, uh, forced busing, states’ rights, and all that stuff, and you’re getting so abstract. Now, you’re talking about cutting taxes, and all these things you’re talking about are totally economic things and a byproduct of them is, blacks get hurt worse than whites.… “We want to cut this,” is much more abstract than even the busing thing, uh, and a hell of a lot more abstract than “N****r, n****r.”

Ronald Reagan and other Republican elites would leverage Atwater’s approach to winning white voters and elections. To point, Reagan began his 1980 presidential campaign in Philadelphia, Mississippi, the locale where American civil rights freedom fighters Andrew Goodman, Michael Schwerner and James Chaney were killed by white racial terrorists. In that speech, Reagan signaled to the ghosts of Jim and Jane Crow and the neo-Confederacy by stating his support for “states’ rights.”

Reagan would continue to use overt and coded racial appeals to gin up white support through his references to a “lazy,” “violent” and “parasitic” class of black Americans who he described as “welfare queens” and “strapping bucks.” George Bush would continue with the Southern Strategy when he summoned up white racist stereotypes and fears of “the black beast rapist” in the form of Willie Horton during the 1988 presidential election.

The Age of Obama witnessed an explosion of anti-black racism by the Republican Party and conservatives en masse. Birtherism, the rise of the Tea Party, the use of antebellum language (which was used to defend the Southern slaveocracy) such as “secession” and “nullification”, both overt and coded racist invective by Republican officials and news media, and a pattern of disrespect towards both the idea and literal personhood of Barack Obama as the United States’ first black president has been the norm. This deluge of anti-black animus towards Barack Obama does not exist in a separate universe outside of American society: it has real impact on the values and behavior of citizens.

To wit: in discussing his recent work on racial attitudes and political polarization, Professor Michael Tesler has noted how:

In all, Barack Obama’s presidency has been so disruptive to the white right-wing political imagination that it has resurrected a type of overt racism which was thought to be largely vanquished from American public life.

The intersection of white racism (“modern” and “old-fashioned”), nativism, a sense of white victimhood, and grievance mongering in the form of conspiracy theories and other unfounded beliefs is evident in other ways as well.

Fifty-four percent of Republicans believe that Barack Obama is a “secret Muslim.” Forty-four percent also believe that Obama was not born in the United States. Forty-two percent of Republicans believe that Muslims should be banned from the United States. Sixty-four percent of Republicans believe that “racism” against white people is as big a problem as discrimination against black Americans.

In a recent survey by the Pew Research Center, 66 percent of Republican and Republican-inclined respondents want to return to the “good old days.. This number is higher for Trump backers. It is important to note that this era was one of Jim and Jane Crow anti-black racism, legal sexism, and unapologetic discrimination against gays and lesbians. This yearning for a return to a fictive golden age of white male Christian domination over American social and political life is reflected in other work that shows how white people are much more pessimistic about their futures than Hispanics and African-Americans. Donald Trump is not a political genius. He understands what the Republican base yearns for and has been trained to believe–like a sociopolitical version of Pavlov’s dog–by its leaders. Trump says that Muslims should be banned from the United States because Republican voters respond to such hatred and intolerance. Trump lies that undocumented Hispanic and Latino immigrants are rapists and killers who want to attack white women because Republican voters find such rhetoric compelling. Trump uses social media to circulate white supremacist talking points about “black crime” because modern conservatives nurtured on “law and order” politics believe that African-Americans are out of control “thugs” possessed of “bad culture” who live to prey on innocent and vulnerable white people. Trump talks about China “raping” the United States because this arouses anger and fear of a new “yellow peril” where the manhood and honor of (white) America is sacrificed to a “sneaky” and “scheming” “Oriental” horde who twist their Fu Manchu mustaches and seduce white women in opium dens while simultaneously negotiating multibillion dollar trade deals. And perhaps most damning, Donald Trump has been endorsed by neo-Nazis, white nationalists, and the Ku Klux Klan: he has been reluctant to publicly reject and denounce their support. The corporate news media has aided and abetted “Trumpmania” by normalizing his racist, nativist and bigoted behavior. In response to Trump’s crucial win in last week’s Indiana primary, Slate’s Isaac Chotiner skewered this failure of journalistic integrity and responsibility among the TV news chattering class as: On TV Tuesday night, there was hardly a whimper. CNN, MSNBC, and Fox contented themselves with bright chatter about Ted Cruz’s hurt feelings, about Donald Trump’s political skill, about the feckless, pathetic Republican establishment. None of the commentators I saw mentioned the import of what was happening. Large chunks of the media have spent so long domesticating Trump that his victory no longer appeared momentous. He is the new normal….There was little talk of ideology, or racism, or bigotry, or fascist appeals. Instead, the conversation was about process; Trump had been fit into the usual rhythms of an election season. The closest thing I heard to open-mouthed shock came from Rachel Maddow, who wondered, correctly, why out of 330 million people the Republican Party had chosen this particular reality-television star. Elizabeth Bathory was a 16th century Hungarian countess who killed hundreds of young virgin girls and then bathed in their blood with the hope that it would maintain her beauty. Since at least the end of the civil rights movement, the Republican Party and movement conservatives have followed a similar “beauty” regimen. Instead of the blood of female virgins, they have washed themselves in racism and bigotry in order to buoy their political vitality. Donald Trump decided to move this political ritual out of the shadows and into the light of prime time television and the 24/7 news cycle. Trump, with his background in professional wrestling and reality TV simply took what has always been implied by the American Right-wing and made it obvious. The question now becomes, will Trump’s version of Elizabeth Bathory be enough to defeat Hillary Clinton and win the White House in November 2016?",1
3386,Kerry orders State Department review of records retention amid Clinton email controversy,"The State Department has ordered an internal audit of its recordkeeping, officials said Friday, outlining a top-to-bottom look at the agency's practices in the aftermath of revelations that former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton used a private email account and server during her tenure.

The department released a letter that Secretary of State John Kerry sent to the department's inspector general earlier this week, asking for the review and calling it critical to ""preserve a full and complete record of American foreign policy"" and for the U.S. public to have access to that information. Among the questions he outlined were how best to retain records in light of changing technology, the agency's global presence and increasing demands from Congress.

Department spokesman Jeff Rathke told reporters Friday the review would include the archiving of emails as well as Freedom of Information Act and congressional inquiries. He said it was not specific to Clinton, a likely presidential candidate who has been dogged by questions since it became clear she didn't use a government email account while in office and only provided the State Department with copies of work-related emails late last year.

The full trove of Clinton emails will be published on a website after they are reviewed. She says they contain no classified information. The State Department says emails pertaining to a congressional panel's examination of the deadly 2012 attack on a U.S. diplomatic facility in Benghazi, Libya, will be released in advance of the others.

In the letter, Kerry said his department has undertaken significant efforts to promote preservation and transparency, including through better technology and training of staff. But he said the burden was significant, with more than 18,000 FOIA requests arriving each year that put a ""significant strain"" on diplomats whose main job is the advancement of U.S. foreign policy. In addition, he said, congressional investigations and requests have ""greatly increased.""

Kerry also didn't mention Clinton specifically, but noted that officials were ""facing challenges regarding our integration of record-keeping technologies and the use of nongovernment systems by some department personnel to conduct official business.""

He asked Inspector General Steve Linick to make several recommendations. They range from how to make improvements across more than 280 diplomatic posts worldwide to ways to streamline efforts to preserve appropriate documents. Kerry questioned whether the agency has even the resources and tools necessary to meet its obligations.

The department has particularly struggled with the backlog of public records requests. Some have languished for years without being met.

Earlier this month, The Associated Press sued to gain access to Clinton's correspondence after repeated FOIA requests to the department went unfulfilled. They included one request made five years ago.

An inspector general's report in 2012 criticized the State Department's practices as ""inefficient and ineffective,"" citing a heavy workload, small staff and interagency problems.

Kerry asked if outside expertise might be advisable on how best to manage, preserve and make transparent its documents. He asked the inspector general to conduct ""an expedited review of these issues.""",1
4178,A sharp exchange over election-year polling offers thoughts for the rest of us,"In a political season marked by nonstop polling, a lively exchange took place recently about the state of public opinion research and what to believe about all of the numbers describing the state of the race.

The context for the discussion was set by a series of national and state surveys showing Donald Trump gaining on or overtaking Hillary Clinton in the general-election campaign. It broadened into an examination how polls are produced and used in a competitive media environment.

Earlier this spring, Clinton enjoyed a substantial lead over Trump. Now, the RealClearPolitics poll average in the presidential race shows Clinton with a lead of just one point: 43.8 to 42.8 percent. Some recent polls showed Trump ahead, including a Washington Post-ABC News poll of registered voters released a week ago.

The shift raised questions: Is this merely a bounce for Trump because he has wrapped up the Republican nomination while Clinton is still fighting a campaign against Bernie Sanders? In that case, will Clinton reverse Trump’s gains once she has claimed the Democratic nomination? Do the current polls mean that the general election will be close and hard-fought? Most provocatively, is there something wrong with some of these polls?

The first salvo in the exchange came from Norman J. Ornstein of the American Enterprise Institute and Alan I. Abramowitz, a political scientist at Emory University. Both are scholars to whom I’ve gone many times as I’ve reported campaigns and politics generally. The two co-authored an op-ed for the New York Times titled “Stop the Polling Insanity.”

They pointed to what they said were “wild fluctuations and surprising results” in recent Trump-Clinton polls. They also underscored how news organizations are producing polls at a rapid rate and using them to make news and generate clicks. “Too many of this year’s polls, and their coverage, have been cringeworthy,” they wrote.

Ornstein and Abramowitz took issue with a Reuters-Ipsos tracking poll that showed Clinton with a 13-point lead on May 4, a tie five days later and then a six-point lead for Clinton on May 15. They questioned whether opinions could have shifted that much during a time “when there were no major events” in the campaign.

They challenged an online NBC-SurveyMonkey poll that showed Trump within three points of Clinton and said that Trump was receiving 28 percent of the Hispanic vote when “most other surveys have shown Mr. Trump eking out 10 to 12 percent among Latino voters.”

They also raised doubts about a trio of Quinnipiac polls in the battleground states of Florida, Ohio and Pennsylvania, arguing that the samples used in the surveys were “whiter than the states had in 2012” exit polls.

“When polling aficionados see results that seem surprising or unusual, the first instinct is to look under the hood at things like demographic and partisan distributions,” they wrote. “When cable news hosts and talking heads see these kinds of results, they exult, report and analyze ad nauseam. Caveats or cautions are rarely included.”

The two scholars went on to cite well-known challenges for all types of polls. Traditional polls, considered the most reliable over a long period of time, use random samples of the population, call landlines and cellphones, and use real people to conduct the interviews. But those surveys are extremely costly, and response rates for many have plummeted over the years.

Online surveys use panels of potential respondents rather than randomly drawn samples. The methodology differs among the practitioners and is in a regular state of examination and refinement. They are much less expensive to produce.

Ornstein and Abramowitz’s op-ed prompted a rejoinder from Jon Cohen, SurveyMonkey’s chief research officer, and Mark Blumenthal, the firm’s head of election polling. (For the record, Cohen is a former polling director at The Post and someone with whom I’ve worked closely and collaboratively over many years.)

The SurveyMonkey duo took issue with the suggestion that polls showing Trump and Clinton in a close race are almost by definition to be questioned. “It’s not enough for Trump’s opponents to wish him away,” they wrote. “It’s important for political professionals to actually explore what is buoying Trump — even if they find his rise unfathomable.”

They argued that the polls have not been on a wild ride. In fact, they said, there was a clear trend based on the moving average of an average of all polls. Once Trump became the presumptive GOP nominee after his victory in the May 3 Indiana primary, Clinton’s lead began to shrink.

As for the NBC-SurveyMonkey poll showing Trump winning 28 percent of the Hispanic vote, they noted that six other national surveys taken after the reality TV star effectively secured the nomination showed his Hispanic support ranging from 15 percent to 31 percent, while acknowledging they were on the high end. But they said Clinton’s margin over Trump among Hispanics across the six polls ranged from 23 points to 53 points. The NBC-SurveyMonkey poll’s margin was in the middle of that range at 37 points.

Citing the late Andrew Kohut, the founder of Pew Research, they said those in the field of survey research should be measurers not handicappers. “Now more than ever at this moment of reinvention for public opinion polling, we need many independent estimates of voter preferences, not a herd of handicappers issuing their best guesses about the eventual outcome,” they wrote.

Those exchanges prompted another voice to enter the conversation, that of Mark Mellman, a respected Democratic pollster to whom many journalists long have gone for his insights into polls and elections. Noting that Ornstein, Abramowitz, Cohen and Blumenthal were all “very smart people,” Mellman sought to avoid taking sides and instead offered a few thoughts of his own on the issues raised.

Writing in the Hill, Mellman began by saying that an examination of polling averages of RealClearPolitics and the Huffington Post’s Pollster’s model showed that there is “little doubt that the presidential race has tightened considerably” since March and April. But he added that the current state of the race does not necessarily mean the outcome in November will be close.

He reminded everyone that, in the spring of 2008, when John McCain had wrapped up the Republican nomination while Barack Obama was still engaged in a hard contest against Clinton, the general-election polls showed the Arizona senator ahead. He lost the general election by 7 percentage points.

Looking at the issue of Trump’s support among Hispanics in the NBC-SurveyMonkey poll, he said that 28 percent “seems high, but not bizarrely out of sync,” given other polls and history. He also said that if Trump were getting, say, 13 percent of the Hispanic vote rather than 28 percent, Trump’s overall number in the horse race would be just 1.5 points lower.

Polls have played a significant role in this campaign. They’ve determined participation in the GOP debates and how the candidates were aligned on the stage, and they’ve driven a lot of coverage of the race. There is no question that news organizations have sometimes been indiscriminate in the way they have highlighted individual polls.

So there is food for thought in this series of exchanges. The traditional method of polling has become prohibitively expensive for most organizations at a time when the demand for public opinion surveys continues to grow, in politics and other fields. The methodology of all types of polls is under challenge. There is a serious and urgent debate underway among public opinion researchers about the way forward.

For the rest of us, the exchanges lead to common points of agreement, all of which might seem obvious but should not be forgotten. Don’t put too much emphasis on any single poll. Look closely at averages of groups of polls to determine whether there are real shifts in the race. And don’t expect polls to predict the future. Leave that question to the voters in November.",1
1845,Romney’s reboot: Can the 2012 loser really fix his problems in 2016?,"Will Mitt 3.0, as he’s already been dubbed, be a better model than the earlier two incarnations?

Without so much as a single syllable uttered in public, Mitt Romney has shaken up the 2016 race, employing a strategy of calculated leaks to indicate that he wants to mount a third presidential bid. I was skeptical of what seemed like a trial balloon to buy some time as Jeb Bush claimed the mantle of establishment candidate, but this has mushroomed into Mitt trying to get the gang back together.

But given that Romney muffed what Republicans viewed as a prime opportunity to oust President Obama, the media are asking this question: What exactly would be different next time?

The exercise is reviving some bad memories of Romney’s flaws as the GOP nominee. And Romney would have to explain his change of heart after he (and Ann) so repeatedly declared that they were done trying to move into the White House. What’s his rationale? To save the party from Jeb? Or has he just been badly bitten by the presidential bug?

Let’s stipulate that beating an incumbent president, even with an anemic economic recovery, was tough. Let’s also stipulate that Romney is an experienced businessman, has a good temperament, can raise truckloads of money, and proved to be a strong debater.

But there were so many self-inflicted wounds that it’s hard to catalogue them. Self-deportation. I like being able to fire people. Binders full of women. The 47 percent.

Not even Romney’s biggest fans would suggest he’s a natural campaigner. I watched him up close with crowds and while he gamely tried to connect with folks, there’s an awkwardness rooted in his natural reserve. And that extended to his arm’s-length relationship with the press corps.

Part of the chatter now is that Romney could fare better

Politico quoted one Romney campaign alumnus as saying the new effort would “tell the story of Mitt better.” Several Romney veterans recalled how well the accounts from parishioners in Romney’s Mormon community resonated with voters who had been bombarded with ads about his tenure at Bain Capital.” Romney, of course, mostly avoided talking about his religion.

Politico quoted another former top adviser as saying “he really has to show people that he’d do it differently, rather than just say he’d do it differently. He needs to assure folks he’d take a much more direct approach to laying out the vision for his campaign versus having those decisions driven by a bunch of warring consultants.”

So why is Romney gearing up to do this? The Washington Post’s Robert Costa, who has set the pace on this story, quoted yet another anonymous Romney adviser as saying, “Mitt’s a very restless character. He is not the type to retire happily, to read books on the beach. . . . He believes he has something to offer the country and the only way he can do that is by running for president again.”

But that explanation is more about Romney’s feelings than how he’d be a stronger candidate than last time around. And not everyone in the GOP is wild about the idea. John McCain, who defeated Romney in 2008 (and wants his friend Lindsey Graham to run this time) says: “I thought there was no education in the second kick of a mule.”

“Why would Republicans, who grudgingly submitted to a Romney nomination in 2012 only after every other possibility had exhausted itself, give him another try when so many alternatives are available? What qualities would make a Romney candidacy more attractive to Republican voters in 2016 than it was in 2012?”

The Fix columnist Chris Cillizza admits he’s stunned by the prospect of a third Mitt campaign:

“I don't doubt Romney's sincerity. But I do think he and those close to him are fooling themselves that he can simply proclaim that he is running a new and different campaign -- one based on foreign policy and poverty, according to Politico -- and that will be that. It's literally impossible for me to imagine such a scenario.”

Breitbart goes back to the Netflix film “Mitt” that some acolytes are fondly remembering, and doesn’t give it two thumbs up:

“The best that can be said for the Romney portrayed in ‘Mitt’ is that, had he conveyed his behind-the-scenes personality to voters better, Romney might have mitigated the damage from Obama’s attacks. Maybe some of his self-effacing humor, or seeing Romney wear duct-taped gloves while skiing and pick up hotel-room trash like a normal person might could have offset the ruthless out-of-touch businessman image portrayed by his opponent.

“But the subtext of  ‘Mitt’ is Romney’s tragic inability to actually be that person in public.

“For a man seeking his third shot at the presidency amidst the strongest GOP bench in decades, it’s not a flattering portrait.”

The former Massachusetts governor doesn’t have to win over the pundits, of course, but he does need a smarter approach to using the media to get out his message. There’s already talk that he won’t be bringing back his old communications team, which often didn’t bother to respond to reporters.

The media love the idea of a Mitt-vs.-Jeb showdown. But Romney, who once mused about how those who lose presidential elections are branded losers, needs to offer a compelling rationale for why he can win.

Click for more from Media Buzz

Howard Kurtz is a Fox News analyst and the host of ""MediaBuzz"" (Sundays 11 a.m. and 5 p.m. ET). He is the author of five books and is based in Washington. Follow him at @HowardKurtz. Click here for more information on Howard Kurtz.",1
3032,Is it possible to fix the polarization of American politics?,"At the end of last week’s Republican debate, moderator Bret Baier questioned each of the candidates about their commitment to the Republican Party. Would Marco Rubio, Ted Cruz and John Kasich support Donald Trump if he was chosen as the GOP’s presidential nominee?

After the past few weeks of intense in-fighting — in which Trump has been called a “con artist” and a threat to conservative principles — a casual spectator would have expected an unequivocal “no” from at least one candidate. But, of course, that wasn’t the case. All said they would support the businessman and, instead, strongly denounced their Democratic counterparts.

The moment illustrates the widely discussed notion of political polarization, a growing disdain our two parties have for one another and the subsequent dysfunction from divided government. Members of the Republican Party have made clear that winning the White House back from our Democratic president is their highest priority, even if that means handing it over to a man they expressly detest.

Our political parties are more polarized today than they were in the decades after the Civil War, the result of decades of growing political divide. Bipartisanship is openly scorned by congressional leaders, and even the more moderate Senate Republicans have refused to consider a nomination by President Obama to fill the Supreme Court vacancy, suggesting that a growing part of the party is unwilling to negotiate with the president on any level.

Democrats, on the other hand, have also rejected cooperation. Obama has routinely made it clear that he would use whatever power he has to work around or override Republicans in Congress. He has threatened vetoes outright in his State of the Union addresses and his chief of staff, Denis McDonough, assured reporters this year that “audacious” executive action would continue throughout the election year.

There’s no sugarcoating it. No one gets along. And this polarization is not just a Washington phenomenon. Polling suggests a sustained decline in centrism among the general public. Both conservative and liberal voters see their opposing party with greater animosity than in the past two decades, and as a result, liberal Republicans and so-called “Blue Dog” conservative Democrats have become a dying breed.

Political polarization has become so entrenched that some commentators are beginning to predict doomsday scenarios for the U.S. political system. Under this narrative, polarized politics stem from flaws in our Constitution and are the norm of U.S. history, and over the past few decades we have been exiting an unnaturally civil period of post-World War bipartisanship. Eventually, these pundits say, polarization will continue to rebound and increase to the degree that the federal government won’t be able to sustain itself or deal with national emergencies. Thinking back to the government shutdown in 2013 and multiple threats to repeat it, such a scenario doesn’t seem out of the realm of possibility.

These predictions are somewhat extreme, but at the same time, there doesn’t seem to be a quick-and-easy solution on hand. That’s because consensus among political scientists studying polarization is as rare as consensus among politicians. There is little agreement as to what is causing the trend. Some academics blame electoral policies, such as gerrymandering or an emphasis on the primary system, that have resulted in a mismatch between the more moderate general public and extreme political representatives. Others suggest that the problem is a deeper trend, reflecting the complicated political movements that have occurred in the past half-century. And still others have blamed a long list of other factors, from media coverage to genetic selection to women taking a greater role in populist movements.

But there’s one thing most experts agree on: Polarization at this heightened level is a problem. That’s because, in addition to halting crucial legislative initiatives and making it difficult to fill key government appointments, it hurts the economy by leading to more regular federal crises, such as debt ceiling impasses or the “fiscal cliff.”

The stakes are high and warrant an energetic debate. Is polarization a design flaw of our presidential system? What would be necessary to curtail our legislative dysfunction, and from where does it stem? What does the future hold for our two-party system?

Over the next few days, we’ll hear from:

Thomas Mann and Norman Ornstein, authors and scholars at the Brookings Institution and American Enterprise Institute, respectively;

Dana Nelson, author and professor of English at Vanderbilt University;",1
2905,US faces calls to ‘walk away’ from Iran talks,"A leading Republican critic of the Iranian nuclear talks is calling on the U.S. to ""walk away"" from the table after negotiators missed a key deadline, while other lawmakers joined in voicing concern that Iran could extract critical final-hour concessions in the scramble to salvage an agreement.

Negotiations resumed in Switzerland on Wednesday but were almost immediately beset by competing claims, just hours after diplomats abandoned a March 31 deadline to reach the outline of a deal and agreed to press on. And as the latest round hit the week mark, three of the six foreign ministers involved left the talks with prospects for agreement remaining uncertain.

Amid the confusion, Sen. Tom Cotton, R-Ark., told Fox News he's concerned the framework of a deal could allow Iran keep its uranium stockpiles and continue to enrich uranium in an underground bunker.

""You have to be willing to walk away from the table and to reapply leverage to Iran,"" Cotton said. ""And the fact that they're not willing to do that, that we're still sitting in Switzerland negotiating when three of our negotiating partners have already left just demonstrates to Iran that they can continue to demand dangerous concessions from the West.""

Speaking on MSNBC, former Democratic presidential candidate Howard Dean seemed to agree. He said that while President Obama is ""right"" to seek a deal, it might be time to ""step away"" from the table and make clear that the U.S. is not backing off key positions -- including on Iran's uranium stockpile and the pace of sanctions relief.

""I am worried about this,"" Dean said.

Rep. Martha McSally, R-Ariz., also told Fox News ""we're potentially [legitimizing] them having a nuclear infrastructure."" She added: ""We don't know exactly what's behind closed doors.""

Despite all sides agreeing to blow by their deadline in pursuit of a rough agreement, even the White House threatened to abandon the talks if Iran wouldn't budge.

""If they're unwilling to make those kinds of commitments that give us that assurance -- and by us I mean not just the United States, I mean the international community -- then we'll have to walk away from the negotiating table and consider what other options may be available to us, and there is certainly the possibility that that could happen,"" White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said Tuesday.

Earnest indicated Wednesday that's still an option but called the scenario ""hypothetical"" as talks are ""making some progress."" He said talks continue to be ""productive"" but that ""we have not yet received the specific, tangible commitments we and the international community require.""

On Tuesday, negotiators had been trying to agree to simply a joint statement that could justify talks continuing until a final June deadline.

Iran's deputy foreign minister, Abbas Araghchi, told reporters that if the sides make progress on the text of a joint statement, then that could be issued by the end of the day. But he suggested the statement would contain no specifics.

A senior western official quickly pushed back, saying that nothing about a statement had been decided and that Iran's negotiating partners would not accept a document that contained no details.

The German Foreign Ministry tweeted that ""nothing is agreed,"" although ""progress is visible.""

Araghchi named differences on sanctions relief on his country as one dispute, along with disputes on Iran's uranium enrichment-related research and development.

""Definitely our research and development program on high-end centrifuges should continue,"" he told Iranian television.

The U.S. and its negotiating partners want to crimp Iranian efforts to improve the performance of centrifuges that enrich uranium because advancing the technology could let Iran produce material that could be used to arm a nuclear weapon much more quickly than at present.

The exchanges reflected significant gaps between the sides, and came shortly after the end of the first post-deadline meeting between U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, his British and German counterparts and Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammed Javad Zarif in the Swiss town of Lausanne. They and their teams were continuing a marathon effort to bridge still significant gaps and hammer out a framework accord that would serve as the basis for a final agreement by the end of June.

Eager to avoid a collapse in the discussions, the United States and others claimed late Tuesday that enough progress had been made to warrant an extension after six days of intense bartering. But the foreign ministers of China, France and Russia all departed Lausanne overnight, although the significance of their absence was not clear.

Kerry postponed his planned Tuesday departure to stay in Lausanne, and an Iranian negotiator said his team would stay ""as long as necessary"" to clear the remaining hurdles.

Officials say their intention is to produce a joint statement outlining general political commitments to resolving concerns about Iran's nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief. In addition, they are trying to fashion other documents that would lay out in more detail the steps they must take by June 30 to meet those goals.

The additional documents would allow the sides to make the case that the next round of talks will not simply be a continuation of negotiations that have already been twice extended since an interim agreement between Iran, the United States, Russia, China, Britain, France and Germany was concluded in November 2013. Obama and other leaders, including Iran's, have said they are not interested in a third extension.

But if the parties agree only to a broad framework that leaves key details unresolved, Obama can expect stiff opposition at home from members of Congress who want to move forward with new, stiffer Iran sanctions. Lawmakers had agreed to hold off on such a measure through March while the parties negotiated. The White House says new sanctions would scuttle further diplomatic efforts to contain Iran's nuclear work and possibly lead Israel to act on threats to use military force to accomplish that goal.

Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu continued to question the course of talks on Wednesday.

He said Iran views Israel's destruction as non-negotiable, ""but evidently giving Iran's murderous regime a clear path to the bomb is negotiable. This is unconscionable,"" he said. ""At the same time, Iran is accelerating its campaign of terror, subjugation and conquest throughout the region, most recently in Yemen.""

Netanyahu said a better deal would ""significantly roll back Iran's nuclear infrastructure"" and link a lifting of restrictions on its nuclear program to ""a change in Iran's behavior.""

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2593,Netanyahu warns supporters he may lose in Tuesday’s election,"Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warned supporters at a rally here Sunday that he and his Likud party may not win Tuesday’s election, a potentially dramatic fall for a consummate political survivor whose nine years in office transformed him into the public face of contemporary Israel.

A loss by Netanyahu — or a razor-thin win and the prospect that he would be forced to enter into an unwieldy “government of national unity” with his rivals — would mark a sobering reversal for Israel’s security hawks, in a country where the electorate has been moving steadily rightward for the past 15 years.

The final round of opinion polls Friday showed Netanyahu and his right-wing Likud party facing a surprisingly strong challenge by Isaac Herzog, leader of the center-left Labor Party, and his running mate, former peace negotiator ­Tzipi Livni, who hold a small but steady lead. Their campaign has emphasized economic issues and the soaring cost of living.

[Read: A guide to the political parties battling for Israel’s future]

Netanyahu charged in a radio interview Sunday that hostile Israeli journalists and shadowy “foreign powers” were behind an anti-Netanyahu campaign that could be his undoing.

Livni, his longtime rival and the former justice minister, countered that Netanyahu was panicking and looking for scapegoats.

“The citizens of Israel will replace Netanyahu, not because of what is written in the newspapers,” she said Sunday, “but because they don’t have enough money to buy a newspaper . . . or buy apartments for their children.”

The Netanyahu campaign assumed the prime minister would get a bump in support after his speech before a joint meeting of Congress two weeks ago, when he directly challenged President Obama and warned that the United States was about to sign a disastrous pact that would not halt Iran’s nuclear ambitions.

[Read: Why Israel’s top right-winger wants his people to ‘stop apologizing’]

His supporters boasted of his Churchillian skills as a master orator. Their high hopes were raised as a rapturous Congress gave him repeated standing ovations. Yet the speech did little to move the electorate — even as it angered the White House and congressional Democrats and undermined bipartisan relations between Israel and its closest ally.

“It’s clear that Netanyahu thought what he did in Washington would help him, but it didn’t do him any good at home,” said Yehuda Ben Meir, a director at the Institute for National Security Studies in Tel Aviv.

[Read: Could Isaac Herzog become Israel’s next prime minister?]

Two highly critical reports released in the past month have also taken a toll on the prime minister and the Likud campaign.

Netanyahu was personally hurt by embarrassing revelations about profligate spending of state money at his official residence in Jerusalem and his private beachside villa north of Tel Aviv. Israelis were mildly shocked to see how much the premier and his wife, Sara, spend on hairdressers and maid service — in addition to an eye-popping $24,000 a year on takeout food.

Netanyahu and his party were also dinged by a scathing report last month that concluded they had failed to do much to address the soaring cost and availability of housing for financially strapped Israelis, who are frustrated by the high cost of living here.

Netanyahu’s ally on the hard-line right, Naftali Bennett, the economy minister, said he was surprised that threats at Israel’s borders were not as important in this campaign.

“It’s the first time that I can recall that the voters are zeroing in on the economy,” Bennett said in an interview. “Some thought there might be other issues, like Iran, but there hasn’t been.”

Bennett is leader of the Jewish Home party, which draws electoral support from religious nationalists and the pro-settler camp. According to opinion polls, backing for his party has not grown since the 2013 election.

“Bennett was the darling who got a lot of attention at the expense of everyone around him, but he made some serious mistakes,” said Reuven Hazan, who chairs the department of political science at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.

Bennett tried to bring a retired Israeli soccer star onto his list of candidates for parliament, but core party members revolted, complaining that Eli Ohana was a celebrity who played games on the Jewish Sabbath and supported Israel’s unilateral withdrawal from the Gaza Strip in 2005, anathema to the pro-settler wing of the party.

Both Netanyahu and Bennett, a tech millionaire and former commando, are viewed as strong on security, and both talk tough about the Palestinians.

Bennett is out front saying he would never give away occupied land in the West Bank to create an independent Palestinian state. During the campaign, Netanyahu also distanced himself from peace talks. He vowed there would be no concessions or withdrawals from the West Bank and suggested that the two-state solution was no longer relevant.

Both may be sailing into contrary winds. The last polls for Israel Army Radio found that more than half of Israelis surveyed plan to vote based on social and economic issues and that fewer than 1 in 3 put security at the top of their concerns. Nine of 10 respondents said the cost of living would influence their choice.

After shunning debates, public appearances and media interviews for most of the campaign, Netanyahu in the past few days has popped up on radio and television and, on Sunday, at a large rally in Tel Aviv.

At the event, attended by thousands, Netanyahu warned, “If we don’t close the gap, there is a real danger that a left-wing government will rise to power.”

On Israeli Channel 2’s “Meet the Press” show Saturday night, the host pressed Netanyahu on why he is trailing in opinion surveys.

“I am liked,” he protested. “The public prefers me to continue to lead by many percentage points over my rival.” He referred to polls that ask voters who they would like as prime minister (which is different from which party they will vote for).

The prime minister complained that the world was against him and wanted to weaken Israel. “Foreign consultants are here in droves,” he said in an interview with the Jerusalem Post, “and the money is flowing here. All of it is intended to make the Likud lose.”

Bennett blamed outsiders, too. “All the media and all the NGOs are out to overthrow the right,” he told students at Bar-Ilan University outside Tel Aviv. “I’ve never seen such a concentrated effort, with money from abroad.”

Neither Bennett nor Netanyahu has alleged which foreign governments are seeking influence, but both have pointed the finger at an Israeli grass-roots organizing group calling itself V15, which is dedicated to ousting Netanyahu. Its social media networks helped bring 35,000 people out to a rally last week in a Tel Aviv park under the banner “Anyone but Bibi,” Netanyahu’s nickname.

One of V15’s top advisers is a former Obama campaign director named Jeremy Bird, an expert on grass-roots politicking and voter mobilization.

A shift from right to center in Israel would likely please the Obama White House. It would help Obama if the administration reaches an imperfect deal with the Iranians. It might also reinvigorate moribund peace negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians and give Secretary of State John F. Kerry another chance to help solve one of the world’s longest-running conflicts.

It is possible that Netanyahu and Likud could either win or come in a close second and then emerge as the ultimate victors, because their challengers could not put together a governing coalition from the small parties, whose leaders can emerge as kingmakers.

Many Likudniks blame Moshe Kahlon, a former Likud minister who started a new party called Kulanu, for siphoning off moderate voters. The candidate is popular in Israel because he broke up the cellphone monopolies and slashed mobile per-minute rates. He gets high marks for focusing on socioeconomic issues but is also tough on security, seemingly an ideal candidate for today’s voter mood.

Kahlon is expected to win more than enough seats to help form a coalition government for either Netanyahu or Herzog. He has not said which candidate he would join in the next government.

-A guide to the political parties battling for Israel’s future

-Why Israel’s top right-winger wants his people to ‘stop apologizing’

-Could Isaac Herzog become Israel’s next prime minister?",1
3837,Harry Reid Calls Trade Push By Obama And GOP 'Insanity',"The president and Republican leaders are pushing hard to pass legislation known as Trade Promotion Authority that allows a White House to fast-track trade deals through Congress with no amendments, no procedural hurdles or filibusters, and a simple up-or-down vote in limited amount of time.

That fast-track authority likely would make it possible for the Obama administration to sign the Trans-Pacific Partnership with a dozen Pacific Rim nations, and the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership with Europe. Together, those pacts would cover about 80 percent of the global economy.

The much-maligned North American Free Trade Agreement of the 1990s covered about 10 percent of the word's trade, and Reid said that deal and many since have all been disastrous for American workers, costing millions of jobs.

""It causes huge job losses,"" Reid said. ""As Einstein said, you keep doing the same thing over and over again, and you expect a different result, that's the definition of insanity.""

""We can look at these trade bills over the years -- every one of them without exception causes to American workers job losses. Millions of job losses,"" Reid added. ""But yet they're going to try the same thing again and hope for a different result. That's insanity.""

Obama has tried to counter such complaints by pointing to some of the benefits of free trade deals, insisting they do create jobs, and that his will be the ""most progressive"" trade pact in history. He's also accused people like Reid and Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) of ""making stuff up.""

""I would not be promoting any agreement that I didn't think at the end of the day was going to be creating jobs in the United States and giving us more of an opportunity to create ladders of success, higher incomes and higher wages for the American people, because that's my primary focus,"" Obama argued last week.

Democrats have pushed back on that, though, with Warren releasing a report this week that details the same sorts of promises made in trade agreements for decades, most of which were broken, according the report.

 

 Obama got support Wednesday from his would-be trade ally, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), who spoke just before Reid, accusing Democrats of blocking progress and jobs for America.

“Our friends on the far left may try to cynically spin their war against the future as something other than what it truly is, but we know better,"" McConnell said. ""It’s no wonder President Obama has called them 'wrong' and suggested they make stuff up.""

He said the main result of failing to craft trade agreements that lower barriers would be to cost the United States and its businesses markets.

“What happens if the far left actually succeeds in its apparent quest to retain foreign tariffs that unfairly impact American workers and their paychecks?"" McConnell said. “It would mean lost opportunities for American risk-takers. ... It would mean lost opportunities for American manufacturing, lost opportunities for Kentucky farmers and lost opportunities for more jobs, better wages and a growing economy that can lift everyone up.""

A vote on the Senate's fast-track bill could come by the end of the week. If McConnell can find a way to satisfy about a dozen Democratic fast-track backers in negotiations of amendments, it is likely to pass. Such agreement remained uncertain Wednesday, however, and prospects for the measure's success in the House are also highly uncertain, with most Democrats there, as well as dozens of Republicans, opposed.",1
3666,San Bernardino massacre: A horror that affects us all,"David M. Perry is an associate professor of history at Dominican University in Illinois. He writes regularly at his blog: How Did We Get Into This Mess? Follow him on Twitter. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author.

(CNN) The horror began late Wednesday morning in San Bernardino as at least two gun-wielding people stormed into a conference center at the Inland Regional Center, a state-funded nonprofit that works with the California Department of Developmental Services, and killed 14 people.

The killers fled, and two suspects have been killed, and so far we still can only speculate at their motives. Reports suggest the violence was focused on a holiday banquet celebrating county workers, with at least some suggesting it was a targeted killing , and police identified one of the attackers as Syed Rizwan Farook , an inspector for the county health department.

The shootings took place at a government center that provides services to adults and children with developmental disabilities. It's an important facility, one of about 20 that serve tens of thousands of individuals throughout California. As reporters rushed to the scene, rumors flew that the killing involved disabled children, or a mental health patient, or a disgruntled parent, or any number of horror stories. The disability community braced, then felt a kind of guilty relief.

The killers, it seems, were not aiming at children with disabilities nor the people who provide them with services. But they hurt those children, their parents and caregivers, and the staff who have dedicated their lives to serving disabled Americans, nonetheless.

As the father of a child with Down syndrome, though not a Californian, I know these types of buildings well. I've spent so much of the last decade in and out of such offices, signing up for services, getting treatments and learning about the world of disability. While every mass shooting is horrific, the carnage can often feel remote, especially as Americans become inured to the regularity of the violence. There have, after all, been more mass shootings in 2015 than days in the year

And yet, this time it was far too easy for me to imagine the terror of people with and without disabilities as the guns fired, the fire alarm sounded, and the sirens rang out. We'll certainly start hearing stories about children and adults with disabilities as we begin to sort through the aftermath. I spoke with one parent in the area, Shannon Jenkins, who told me that her daughter, ""receives services at Inland Regional Center. At any given time, there are hundreds there between employees, kids and adults with special needs, and their parents/(caregivers)."" On a crowded Wednesday afternoon, we're lucky the body count wasn't worse.

But the survivors don't escape unscathed. Some of the children and adults with developmental disabilities experienced the trauma of being present at a mass shooting. My son, as is relatively common, reacts with real panic to certain kinds of sounds and lights, including close proximity to alarm.

What kind of trauma will disabled children carry forward from this event? And, of course, disabled children are not the only ones at risk for trauma and its consequences. Post-traumatic stress disorder is one of the most common forms of disability in America, a condition for which everyone involved is now at risk.

The social media feeds of the Inland Regional Center are filled with pictures of joy and friendship. A Christmas party with a child sitting on Santa's lap. People dancing and singing to ""Celebration."" Signs for the upcoming winter dance on Friday, perhaps intended to be held in the very hall now riddled with bullets and blood. This was a place that was doing the hard work of building an inclusive community.

Worst of all, there continues to be no reason to think that any degree of horror will spur cultural or policy change when it comes to the easy access to firearms in America. The empathy I felt for the people at a disability services building made the violence more real to me. But I've felt this degree of empathy before. When Adam Lanza killed all those first-graders on December 14, 2012, I thought about my own son, then a 5-year-old, and imagined him experiencing the horror of a shooter in his school. Surely every parent in America had such thoughts as they sent their children off to school in the following days, and perhaps every day since.

And yet, we've done nothing. The pace of mass shootings is accelerating . Thanks to the power of the gun lobby and their cronies in Congress, all we do is offer empty thoughts and prayers, while we slowly become more and more afraid.",1
2219,Netanyahu's Iran Speech: Why it's important for Congress to at least listen to Israel's leader,"The speech Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is slated to give to a joint session of Congress Tuesday is one of the most critical of recent times. It concerns not only the very existence of his nation, but also the terribly real possibility of nuclear holocaust in the foreseeable future. Our own security is at stake as well: Iran is developing intercontinental missiles capable of carrying nuclear weapons that will reach our shores.

The question isn’t why should Congress listen to what he has to say, but rather why in the world would certain members not to hear him out?

Prime Minister Netanyahu will speak on the prospect of Iran being able to develop nuclear weapons.  He is making this speech because – like many people – he is fearful that the agreement President Obama wants to strike with Iran would not put in place effective controls to prevent the mullahs – and plausibly in turn the many terrorist organizations they actively support – from acquiring weapons-grade fissionable material.

The Obama administration has tried to discredit Prime Minister Netanyahu and dismiss his appearance on Capitol Hill as a political stunt tied to the upcoming Israeli elections.  Some of the president’s followers in Congress have vowed to boycott the speech.  But their red herring arguments cannot be allowed to disguise the crucial importance of his visit or of the issue that has prompted it.

Allowing Iran to join the nuclear club – or come perilously close -- would trigger a frightening round of weapons proliferation.  Egypt, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, and other countries in the region would all be understandably motivated to similarly arm themselves. The Middle East of today, which far too often teeters on the brink of meltdown, could in comparison seem a relatively stable, peaceful place.

And make no mistake, the specter of the revolutionary government of Iran armed with nuclear weapons does not just threaten the Middle East. Iran is believed to already possess missiles capable of delivering a warhead to Israel and perhaps even Europe.  Development of more powerful models that would extend their range to include the United States is just a matter of time. Iran’s ability to not only attack, but also to intimidate other countries into meeting its demands would increase exponentially with its acquisition of nuclear capabilities. Imagine Tehran “suggesting” to European countries how to treat their growing Muslim populations? Sharia law, anyone?

But obviously, the nation most likely to first suffer from Iran’s nuclear ambitions is Israel.  That is why it is so important for members of Congress to listen to Prime Minister Netanyahu.  The United States and Israel have a longstanding friendship that has always enjoyed strong bipartisan support.  We cannot refuse our close ally at least the opportunity to explain how a nuclear Iran would affect it.  No one demands that every member of Congress agree with the Prime Minister, but they all have a duty to listen to him.

Additionally, Congress definitely has a fundamental obligation – to the American people and the world - to be actively involved in this policy decision.  This is not Obamacare or regulating the Internet.  The consequences of allowing President Obama to go it alone with another opaque executive action could not only be catastrophic, but also impossible to remedy with after-the-fact legislation.  Once Iran has the bomb, the game is over.

The stakes here could not be higher – Israel’s continued existence, America’s moral authority, nuclear conflict, and the ghastly breakdown of world order.  Party politics cannot be allowed to interfere with bringing this matter to the most successful resolution possible.  Congress must listen to Prime Minister Netanyahu -- and so should President Obama.

Steve Forbes is Chairman and Editor-in-Chief of Forbes Media. His latest book, ""Reviving America: How Repealing Obamacare, Replacing the Tax Code, and Reforming the Fed will Restore Hope and Prosperity"" (McGraw-Hill Education, December 10, 2015).",1
3848,Obama: Warren 'Absolutely Wrong' On Trade Deal,"Elizabeth Warren announced a bill creating a Financial Product Safety Commission with House and Senate Democrats in March 2009. The body was designed to have oversight over mortgages and other financial instruments to protect consumers against predatory practices. She said if the agency had existed before the subprime collapse then ""there would have been millions of families who got tangled in predatory mortgages who never would have gotten them."" HuffPost's Ryan Grim reported : Without all these toxic assets on banks' balance sheets, the institutions wouldn't be on the brink of collapse and the recession would be more manageable. ""Consumer financial products were the front end of the destabilization of the American economic system."" Sen. Charles Schumer's cosponsorship of the bill is notable because of his proximity to Wall Street. The bill's merit, the New York Democrat said, is that it regulates the actual financial product rather than the company producing it.",1
5268,Swing-state stunner: Trump has edge in key states,"Did Donald Trump really just surge past Hillary Clinton in two of the election's most important battlegrounds?

New swing-state polls released Wednesday by Quinnipiac University show Trump leading Clinton in Florida and Pennsylvania — and tied in the critical battleground state of Ohio. In three of the states that matter most in November, the surveys point to a race much closer than the national polls, which have Clinton pegged to a significant, mid-single-digit advantage over Trump, suggest.

The race is so close that it's within the margin of error in each of the three states. Trump leads by three points in Florida — the closest state in the 2012 election — 42 percent to 39 percent. In Ohio, the race is tied, 41 percent to 41 percent. And in Pennsylvania — which hasn't voted for a Republican presidential nominee since 1988 — Trump leads, 43 percent to 41 percent.

Clinton's campaign responded to the surveys by cautioning that while the swing states were always expected to be close, the urgent stakes of a possible Trump election remain high.

""We know the battlegrounds are going to be close til the end. That's why we need to keep working so hard,"" Clinton press secretary Brian Fallon tweeted Wednesday morning. ""Trump is a serious danger, folks.""

Trump, meanwhile, thanked his supporters for the strong showing, tweeting a celebratory series of images featuring Fox News graphics showing the Quinnipiac results. ""Thank you!"" Trump tweeted, adding ""#ImWithYou,"" an implicit shot at the Clinton campaign's initial slogan, ""I'm With Her.""

In another blow to Clinton, a McClatchy-Marist poll of registered voters nationwide released on Wednesday showed Clinton's lead over Trump slip to three points, 42 percent to 39 percent, after leading by six points in a Fox News poll conducted in late June.

But other polls give Clinton an advantage in all three states. Including the new Quinnipiac surveys, POLITICO’s Battleground State polling average — which include the five most-recent polls in each state — gives Clinton a 3.2-point lead in Florida, a 2.8-point edge in Ohio and a larger, 4.6-point advantage in Pennsylvania.

By Wednesday afternoon, a quartet of battleground polls painted a hazy picture of the race in those three states, as well as in Colorado and Wisconsin. The latest NBC News/Marist/Wall Street Journal polls showed Clinton up by three points against Trump in Iowa (42 percent to 39 percent), tied in Ohio (41 percent to 41 percent) and up by nine points in Pennsylvania (45 percent to 36 percent), in contrast to her two-point deficit in the Quinnipiac poll.

Monmouth University's survey of likely Colorado voters found Clinton with a significant 13-point advantage, while Trump cut into Clinton's Wisconsin advantage by five points compared to last month, trailing 45 percent to 41 percent compared to last month, when Clinton led 46 percent to 37 percent.

While the Quinnipiac results are eye-popping, they don’t represent any significant movement — except in Florida. In three rounds of polling over the past two months, the race has moved from a four-point Trump lead in Ohio in the first survey, then tied in the next two polls. In Pennsylvania, Clinton led by one point in the first two polls and now trails by two.

But in Florida, the race has bounced around. Clinton led by one point in the first poll two months ago, but she opened up an eight-point lead in June — a lead that has been erased and more in the new Quinnipiac survey.

The polls from the Connecticut-based school are likely to be met with some skepticism. When Quinnipiac released their first round of polls in the same three states two months ago, they prompted a round of sniping from Democrats and an F-bomb on Twitter from Nate Silver, the FiveThirtyEight founder who has built a career using poll results to make political predictions.

But subsequent polls later confirmed the May Quinnipiac surveys: Trump pulled virtually even with Clinton nationally after knocking out his rivals for the GOP nomination.

It’s possible the results of the FBI investigation into Clinton’s private email server dating back to her service as secretary of state — FBI Director James Comey called Clinton and her staff “extremely careless,” even as he said the government shouldn’t press charges because there wasn’t evidence of criminal intent — are driving Clinton’s poll numbers down leading into the conventions, typically a critical time for campaigns.

In the poll release, the school suggested the investigation could have played a role, pointing to other lingering questions about Clinton’s honesty and trustworthiness. “While there is no definite link between Clinton’s drop in Florida and the U.S. Justice Department decision not to prosecute her for her handling of emails,” Quinnipiac pollster Peter Brown said, “she has lost ground to Trump on questions which measure moral standards and honesty.”

But the Quinnipiac polls are imperfect measures of a post-email investigation race. That’s because, like many of the school’s other polls, they were conducted over an unusually lengthy, 12-day time period: June 30 through July 11.

The national polls conducted since Comey’s statement are mixed: Clinton posted a 3-point lead in this week’s NBC News/SurveyMonkey online tracking poll, down from a 5-point lead the week prior. Morning Consult, another online tracking poll, gave Clinton identical 1-point leads in the days before and after Comey’s statement.

Overall, Clinton leads by 4.3 points in the latest national HuffPost Pollster average, and she has a 3.7-point advantage in the RealClearPolitics average.

The polling in other battleground states since the announcement are also cloudy. Monmouth University surveys conducted after the Comey statement gave Clinton a 4-point lead in Nevada — but showed Trump ahead by two points in Iowa.

In the Quinnipiac polls, there are warning signs for both candidates in all three states. First, despite near-universal name-ID, neither candidate can break out of the low 40s on the ballot test. That points to two very unpopular candidates.

But, in a reversal from earlier surveys, it’s a more acute problem for Clinton. Clinton’s unfavorable ratings (59 percent in Florida, 60 percent in Ohio, 65 percent in Pennsylvania) are higher than Trump’s (54 percent in Florida, 59 percent in Ohio, 57 percent in Pennsylvania) in all three battleground states. And majorities in all three states — which together account for 67 electoral votes, or nearly a quarter of the 270 necessary to win the presidency — have a “very unfavorable” view of Clinton.

Another measure of voters’ ambivalence about Clinton in the Quinnipiac poll: a second ballot-test question, this time adding two third-party candidates to the mix. When voters are asked to consider the general election again, this time given the option of choosing Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson and Green Party candidate Jill Stein, Trump’s advantage over Clinton grows in each state. Trump leads on the four-way ballot by five points in Florida, one point in Ohio and six points in Pennsylvania.

There are some eyebrow-raising results from the polls, however. On the two-way ballot test in Florida, Clinton trails Trump despite the Republican winning just 21 percent of non-white voters in the increasingly diverse state.

In Ohio, Clinton wins 90 percent of Democrats, but Trump only captures 77 percent of Republicans, putting him at a significant disadvantage. In Pennsylvania, where Democrats outnumber Republicans by close to 10 percentage points, both candidates are at 82 percent among their own partisans, with Trump only three points ahead among self-identified independents.

Former presidential candidate Herman Cain on Wednesday said he was not surprised by Trump's upswing.

""And that's because Donald Trump's substance is finally starting to cut through some of the media clutter and Hillary Clinton's shallowness is also starting to emerge. She is the free-stuff candidate disguised as wanting to help people, but that's not coming through. But Donald Trump's substance is what's finally starting to emerge,"" Cain told ""Fox & Friends,"" in the same interview in which he praised former 2012 rival Newt Gingrich as the right choice for Trump's vice president.

For Bernie Sanders, Clinton's dismal showing is more proof that his former rival needs to more effectively make her policy-based case against Trump.

""This is not a beauty contest between Trump and Hillary Clinton,"" Sanders said on ABC's ""Good Morning America."" ""This is the fact that the middle class of this country is in trouble. Which candidate has more to say about education, more to say about health care, more to say about climate change, more to say about income and wealth inequality, more to say about a sensible foreign policy? And I think the more the people hear the contrast between the two I think Secretary Clinton's support will grow.""

",1
4328,Carly Fiorina will appear in top-tier Reagan Library debate,"Thursday marked the close of the two-month window for determining eligibility based on averages of national polls. The results were based on 14 polls including interviews with more than 6,000 potential Republican primary voters. The top 10 candidates overall -- plus Fiorina, whose average support places her within the top 10 in polls conducted after the first debate held August 6 -- have all qualified for the 8:00 p.m. debate next Wednesday in Simi Valley. The remaining four candidates will appear during an earlier debate beginning at 6:00 p.m.

The overall rankings based on an average of all qualifying polls for the 16 candidates who met the requirements for participation are:

The rules for inclusion were amended late last month so that any candidate who made the top 10 in an average of polls conducted after the Fox News/Facebook debate held on August 6 would also be included in the later debate. Fiorina is the only candidate to move from the bottom six to the top 10 in that post-debate average. Here are the averages for qualifying polls conducted after the August 6 debate and released by September 10: Former Virginia governor Jim Gilmore, who participated in the August 6 debate, did not meet the criteria for inclusion in next Wednesday's debate. Candidates were required to average 1% support in any three polls released during the two-month window. Out of the 14 polls released during that time, Gilmore had 1% support in only one poll. The post-debate polls were also used to determine the order that the candidates would appear on stage. Trump will anchor the center of the stage for the 8:00 p.m. debate, flanked by Carson to his right and Bush to his left. Walker, Fiorina, Kasich and Christie, in that order, will stand to Bush's left, while Cruz, Rubio, Huckabee and Paul will appear to Carson's right. In the earlier debate, Santorum and Pataki will stand to the left and Jindal and Graham will be on the right. Perry was originally tabbed to be center stage before he announced on Friday that he was dropping out of the race. The overall average includes results from a Fox News poll released July 17; a Washington Post/ABC News poll released July 20; a CNN/ORC poll released July 26; a Quinnipiac University poll released July 30; a NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll released August 2; a Monmouth University poll released August 3; a Fox News poll released August 3; a Bloomberg Politics poll released August 4; a CBS News poll released August 4; a Fox News poll released August 16; a CNN/ORC poll released August 18; a Quinnipiac University poll released August 27; a Monmouth University poll released September 3; and a CNN/ORC poll released September 10",1
5142,Trump Expected to Name Running Mate Soon: Looking for an 'Attack Dog',"Donald Trump has just five days until the Republican National Convention begins in Cleveland, Ohio, and many expect he will name his running mate by the end of this week.

Among the frontrunners right now: Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie.

Pence introduced Trump at an Indianapolis rally Tuesday night and compared him to Ronald Reagan.

""I think he is someone who has connected with everyday Americans like no one since Ronald Reagan,"" Pence said of Trump.

According to CNN, a Trump source says that Pence has already passed a major hurdle, noting that his vetting ""was completely clean and that mattered. No one needs an extra hassle.""

CBN Chief Political Correspondent David Brody says Pence is a ""solid movement conservative"" and that most evangelical leaders would support a Pence pick, despite his ""religious liberty misstep"" in Indiana.

On Tuesday, Fox News reported that it is suspending Gingrich's contract since the former speaker is also a vice presidential contender. Gingrich would bring years of Capitol Hill experience to the ticket and has publicly campaigned for Trump for months.

Trump told the Wall Street Journal this week that he's looking for an ""attack dog"" in his running mate. That person would help him fend off attacks from Democrats, the media, fellow Republicans, and even Supreme Court justices.

Meanwhile, Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has spoken out against Trump in a series of interviews, recently calling him among other things ""unqualified"" to serve as president.

Trump hit back overnight, tweeting that ""Justice Ginsburg of the U.S. Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. Her mind is shot--resign!""

Even Democrats have chided Ginsburg, noting that justices historically have kept out of politics.

On the Democratic campaign trail, Bernie Sanders gave his long-awaited endorsement to Hillary Clinton Tuesday night in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. It comes after party platform talks, a process that Sanders wanted to influence.

With the platform including a $15-an-hour minimum wage and tougher restrictions on Wall Street, it looks like he did.

For now, with the Republican convention coming up before the Democratic convention, the focus is on Trump and who will be on the ticket with him in the race for the White House.",1
837,The End of the Road for John Kasich,"That’s not to say that his campaign was especially successful. Many observers felt Kasich was pursuing a replay of former Utah Governor Jon Huntsman’s failed 2012 bid for the Republican nomination. Huntsman and Kasich even shared a campaign architect, the heterodox GOP strategist John Weaver. The playbook may have gotten Kasich farther than it did Huntsman, but that still wasn’t enough to win the nomination, or even to come close. (As for Huntsman, he now backs Trump .)

While hardly anyone predicted Trump’s success in the Republican campaign, few expected Kasich would get this far either. In a crowd of young, charismatic GOP figures, Kasich was the odd man out, a somewhat more grizzled figure who had run abortively for president in 2000, and a comparatively moderate figure in a party trending increasingly to the right. Somehow, Kasich managed to hold on to the bitter end, the final challenger to Trump.

The Ohio governor’s exit leaves Donald Trump as the last man standing in the Republican field. Though he’d already assumed the mantle of presumptive nominee with Senator Ted Cruz’s exit Tuesday night —after Trump trounced both of them in the Indiana primary—Kasich’s exit seals the deal. Kasich has been mentioned for weeks as a potential vice-presidential candidate for Trump, who will need to shore up his policy and political credentials ahead of the general election.

John Kasich will end his bid for the presidency Wednesday afternoon in Columbus, according to multiple reports. Kasich had planned to hold a press conference at Dulles Aiport near Washington Wednesday morning, but he never took off—perhaps an apt metaphor—staying home and scheduling a press conference for 5 p.m., where he is expected to make his announcement.

For a time, before Trump’s ascendancy became inevitable, Kasich’s plan seemed plausible. In New Hampshire, the nation’s first primary and second nominating contest, he placed (a distant) second to Trump, and hoped to portray himself as the reasonable alternative to the entertainer. But having placed a huge bet on the Granite State, Kasich had little infrastructure in place for the rest of the campaign, and was a non-entity in the South Carolina primary. By the time the campaign reached his home state, Kasich was effectively out of the running. Ohio turned out to be the only state that he won. He closes out the campaign with fewer delegates than Senator Marco Rubio, who dropped out on March 15.

Kasich’s sell to voters was that amid a sea of volatile, unpredictable characters like Trump and wild-eyed radicals like Cruz, he was an old-style true conservative who could also win swing states like Ohio. To the extent that his campaign had a policy theme, it was his advocacy for a balanced-budget amendment—a vague promise, tethered to his work on balancing the national budget while in the U.S. House in the 1990s. (Opinions about just how central Kasich had been in that work differed widely.)

But some of his other policy stances were at odds with much of the Republican Party. As governor, he had circumvented the GOP-led Ohio legislature to accept Medicaid expansion under the Affordable Care Act. As though that were not bad enough, he compounded his offense in the eyes of conservatives by justifying his choice by faith. “Now, when you die and get to the meeting with St. Peter, he’s probably not going to ask you much about what you did about keeping government small,” he said. “But he is going to ask you what you did for the poor. You better have a good answer.’”

Many of Kasich’s former colleagues viewed his image as a soft, cuddly, friendly politician with skepticism—they remembered a more irritable, angry Kasich—it seemed to take with many voters. The problem was that Republican primary voters didn’t want a sane, rational nominee in 2016. They wanted a Trump.",1
2087,Why Negotiators At Paris Climate Talks Are Tossing The Kyoto Model,"Why Negotiators At Paris Climate Talks Are Tossing The Kyoto Model

Negotiators and heads of state from nearly 200 countries are meeting for the next two weeks near Paris to craft a new treaty to slow global warming.

It's the 21st ""Conference of the Parties"" held by the United Nations to tackle climate change. One treaty emerged, in 1997, after the conference in Kyoto, Japan. That's no longer in effect, and, in fact, the Kyoto Protocol, as it's known, didn't slow down the gradual warming of the planet.

Now governments are ever more desperate to do something to slow warming — so much so that they've thrown out the model set in Kyoto and opted for a new approach for Paris.

Valli Moosa, a former climate negotiator from South Africa, says the main reason Kyoto failed to slow warming lies largely with who wasn't included in the treaty. ""You actually cannot have a meaningful agreement without China and the United States being part of it,"" he says.

The U.S. Senate refused to ratify the Kyoto treaty, so the world's biggest greenhouse-gas emitter didn't have skin in the game. And developing countries, including China and India, were not required to reduce emissions. Now those countries are becoming the biggest sources of greenhouse gases as their economies thrive. China, in fact, is now the world's biggest emitter, and India isn't far behind. Moreover, the Kyoto treaty had U.N. bureaucrats and negotiators setting goals for the participating countries to lower their greenhouse gases. Many countries didn't make their targets; others dropped out. Economies were at stake, and few countries were comfortable marching to a U.N. beat.

So what negotiators are bringing to the table at the Paris talks is an arrangement whereby each country is offering to reduce its own emissions by whatever amount it can manage. And everybody participates, not just developed countries.

Most nations arrive with a reduction target already in hand. What will be difficult is deciding who will pay how much to developing countries to build economies that won't keep producing high emissions.

French negotiator Laurence Tubiana points out that the key to success is convincing governments that those economies can be ""low-carbon,"" and that this won't be a bar to developing wealth. ""How much I'm sacrificing for the sake of emissions reductions, that's no more,"" she says of the message that negotiators are pushing. ""And now ... the Chinese, even the Indians are really coming in. It's about low-carbon economy.""

Previous attempts to replace the Kyoto treaty have failed. This new approach is voluntary, and most of the world has agreed theoretically to participate, which negotiators hope will sweeten things enough to get a deal. Still to be determined, however, is who will pay for this massive revolution in the world's energy economy, and what strings will be attached to their largesse.",1
2181,"How Barack will juggle Bibi, Vlad and Hillary","The election in 232 photos, 43 numbers and 131 quotes, from the two candidates at the center of it all.",1
3247,"In Rand Paul and Marco Rubio’s feud over Cuba policy, a preview of GOP’s 2016 foreign policy debate","Two of the Republican Party’s top White House hopefuls clashed sharply Friday over President Obama’s new Cuba policy, evidence of a growing GOP rift over foreign affairs that could shape the party’s 2016 presidential primaries.

Sen. Rand Paul (Ky.), who backs Obama’s move to normalize relations with communist Cuba, accused Sen. Marco Rubio (Fla.) of being an “isolationist” with his hard-line opposition to opening up trade and diplomatic engagement with the island nation. Paul suggested that Rubio “wants to retreat to our borders and perhaps build a moat.”

Paul’s comments came after Rubio — the son of Cuban exiles who has stepped forward as a leading voice of resistance to Obama’s policy — told Fox News that Paul had “no idea what he’s talking about” when it comes to Cuba.

The feud is the loudest public dispute so far between potential GOP 2016 candidates and lays bare the divergent world views of traditional hawks — including Rubio and past Republican presidents and nominees — and the emerging, younger libertarian wing represented by Paul.

For decades, Rubio’s position has been the GOP’s natural default. But Paul is testing that convention.

“Are we still cold warriors or are we entering a brave new world in diplomacy?” Republican strategist John Feehery said. “Rubio’s perspective is we have Cuba, we have North Korea, we need a bold, internationalist, America-led world that fights the bad guys. Rand Paul is taking his father’s position to a new level, which is constructive engagement, but America isn’t really the policeman of the world.”

Hawkish Republicans have long called Paul’s foreign policy “isolationist,” a label he rejects. In this week’s Cuba debate, Paul applied the label to Rubio.

Paul’s comments were unusually personal, beginning with a series of tweets aimed at Rubio followed by a two-paragraph message on his Facebook page. “Senator Rubio is acting like an isolationist” and “does not speak for the majority of Cuban-Americans,” he wrote.

Paul followed up with an op-ed on Time’s Web site Friday afternoon in which he wrote that he grew up learning to despise communism but over time concluded that “a policy of isolationism against Cuba is misplaced and hasn’t worked.” He noted that public opinion has shifted in favor of rapprochement — especially among young people, including young Cuban Americans — and that U.S. businesses would benefit by being able to sell their goods in Cuba.

“Communism can’t survive the captivating allure of capitalism,” Paul wrote. “Let’s overwhelm the Castro regime with iPhones, iPads, American cars, and American ingenuity.”

Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.), who traveled to Cuba this week with the U.S. entourage to secure contractor Alan Gross’s release, shared Paul’s sentiments. Flake said that he supported Obama’s decision to normalize relations and that after a five-decade embargo, it was time “to try something different.”

Rubio responded to Paul’s comments Friday evening, telling conservative radio host Mark Levin, “I think it’s unfortunate that Rand has decided to adopt Barack Obama’s foreign policy on this matter.”

For both Paul and Rubio, there are short-term political benefits to the tussle. With potential donors and other influential Republicans deciding between roughly a dozen presidential hopefuls, the pair are generating media attention and staking out ground on a high-profile policy issue.

The spat was also the latest example of Paul’s combative tendencies. He has been the most aggressive GOP presidential contender in taking on Hillary Rodham Clinton, a former secretary of state and likely Democratic candidate, and showed Friday that he will not hesitate to throw punches at fellow Republicans as well.

Ana Navarro, a Miami-based Republican strategist close to Rubio and former Florida governor Jeb Bush, said it was an example of the “silly season.”

“There are some issues, like eye surgery and Kentucky bourbon, Paul knows something about,” she said of the ophthalmologist turned lawmaker. “But to try to outdo Rubio on Cuba policy — and to do it by trolling him on Twitter in 140-character spurts — is frankly not productive, mature or senatorial.”

Paul is trying to chart a new course for Republicans on foreign policy and areas such as race relations, working with Democrats on legislation to address drug sentencing guidelines.

“Paul is going to stretch the limits and try to grow the party in directions Republicans aren’t used to,” said Ari Fleischer, a former White House press secretary to George W. Bush. “I think the only upside he’ll have is with young people. Outside of that, I think it’s going to be tough going for him. . . . The history of the party is much more interventionist, muscular, strong, Ronald Reagan foreign policy.”

Paul’s aides said the senator considers Cuba policy an economic and diplomatic issue and not a partisan one.

But GOP primary voters may see it differently. “There’s a certain willingness among conservatives to reconsider our Cuba policy, but the fact that it’s been negotiated by Obama — whom we have no confidence or trust in — makes it suspect,” said Richard Viguerie, a longtime conservative leader. “If this had been done by a trustworthy, conservative Republican, it would have been different.”

Rubio, as a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, has worked to distinguish himself as a leading voice on international affairs. Almost immediately after Wednesday’s Cuba announcement, Rubio spoke out aggressively and in personal terms. Raised in Miami by parents who fled Cuba in the 1950s, Rubio grew up surrounded by other Cuban American families and now represents them in Washington.

“It is just another concession to a tyranny by the Obama administration rather than a defense of every universal and inalienable right that our country was founded on and stands for,” Rubio told reporters on Capitol Hill.

Most 2016 GOP hopefuls — including Bush, Texas Gov. Rick Perry, Sen. Ted Cruz (Tex.) and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker — issued statements similar to Rubio’s. New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie has not spoken specifically on Cuba but generally shares Rubio’s more hawkish worldview.

William Kristol, a prominent neoconservative and editor of the Weekly Standard, noted that most of the potential candidates, as well as the party’s congressional leaders, are “all in the same neighborhood” on foreign policy.

“Rand Paul is a lonely gadfly,” he said. “Rand Paul speaks for a genuine sentiment that’s always been in the Republican Party, but maybe it’s 10 percent? 15 percent? 20 percent? I don’t think he’s going to be a serious competitor for guiding Republican foreign policy.”",1
2844,Jeb Bush blames Iraq unrest on Obama,"The former Florida governor, appearing at a business roundtable here, also called for a strategy to ""take out"" ISIS but did not go into specifics. He mostly argued that the war started during his brother's administration helped create stability in Iraq and since been unraveled because of Obama's policies.

""The focus ought to be on knowing what you know now, Mr. President, should you have kept 10,000 troops in Iraq?"" said Bush, who's expected to announce his presidential bid in the coming months.

In December 2011, the United States withdrew its final combat troops from Iraq, bringing an end to the nearly decade-long conflict that started under George W. Bush. The Obama administration asked for more troops to remain on the ground, but negotiations with the Iraqi government did not ensure that U.S. military personnel would be granted immunity.

Jeb Bush argued that Obama ""could have kept the troops in and he could have had an agreement,"" adding ""the United States had enough influence to be able to deal with the immunity issue.""

""He made the decision to get out. I don't begrudge him that. It was a decision made based on a campaign promise,"" he told reporters in New Hampshire. ""It wasn't based on conditions in Iraq at the time and I think we're paying a price for it."" Critics at the time warned that extremist elements would grow more powerful without a U.S. presence, and now Republican presidential contenders are pointing to the rise of ISIS as proof that the United States should have pushed harder to stay in Iraq. In his remarks at the business roundtable -- an event organized by New Hampshire activist Renee Plummer -- Bush defended his brother's leadership during the Iraq war. ""ISIS didn't exist when my brother was President. Al Qaeda in Iraq was wiped out when my brother was President,"" he said. ""There were mistakes made in Iraq, for sure, but the surge created a fragile but stable Iraq that the President could've built on and it would've not allowed ISIS."" He called for a plan to ""take out ISIS"" with help from other countries, saying there is currently ""no strategic imperative"" to restore stability in Iraq. Asked later by reporters what that strategy should be and whether it should include combat troops in the area, Bush said he would rely on advice from military advisers. ""We have ground troops in Iraq. I would take the best advice that you could get from the military. Make the decisions based on conditions on the ground, not for some political purpose,"" he said. ""Whether we need more than 3,000 -- which is what we have now -- I would base that on what the military advisers say."" Panel: Bush should have been prepared for Iraq question Panel: Bush should have been prepared for Iraq question Bush struggled to answer questions last week about whether he would have gone into Iraq knowing what's known now about faulty intelligence that initially spurred military action. After multiple days of unclear answers, he ultimately said he would not have invaded in hindsight. RELATED: Can Jeb Bush escape his brother's legacy on Iraq? His difficulty in answering the question -- one that pits his loyalty to his brother against political calculation -- created a narrative that drew criticism from other White House hopefuls and sparked questions of whether Bush was ready for prime time. At the roundtable in Wednesday, however, Bush was met with encouragement from voters. When one man called Bush's family an ""asset,"" the room broke out into applause. As he's done at every event, Bush maintained that he loved his family, and he sought to assure the audience that he's gotten through last week's storm. ""It got bumpy, but all is well now,"" he said. ""The ship is stable."" Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush waves as he takes the stage as he formally announces he is joining the race for president with a speech June 15, 2015, at Miami Dade College in Miami. Former Florida governor Jeb Bush shakes hands with attendees after speaking at the 42nd annual Conservative Political Action Conference on February 27 in National Harbor, Maryland. Bush takes a selfie with a guest at a luncheon hosted by the Chicago Council on Global Affairs on February 18 in Chicago. Bush delivered his first major foreign policy speech at the event. Bush hands out items for Holiday Food Baskets to those in need outside the Little Havana offices of CAMACOL, the Latin American Chamber of Commerce on December 17 in Miami. Bush waves to the audience at the Tampa Bay Times Forum in Tampa, Florida, on August 30, 2012, on the final day of the Republican National Convention. Bush (left) and wife Columba Bush attend the 2012 Lincoln Center Institute Gala at Frederick P. Rose Hall, Jazz at Lincoln Center on March 7, 2012, in New York City. President Barack Obama (left) speaks about Bush (center) while visiting Miami Central Senior High School on March 4, 2011 in Miami, Florida. The visit focused on education. Bush (left) speaks with Brazilian President in charge Jose Alancar during a meeting at Planalto Palace in Brasilia, April 17, 2007. Bush was in Brazil to speak about sugar and ethanol business. Then-Texas Governor Rick Perry (center) testifies as Bush (right) and then-Arizona Governor Janet Napolitano (left) listen during a hearing before the House Committee on Homeland Security on Capitol Hill October 19, 2005. Bush gives a thumbs up signal from his car as he leaves a local polling station after casting his vote in Coral Gables, Florida, November 5, 2002. Bush walks out of the West Wing after meeting with his brother, then-President George W. Bush, at the White House January 9, 2002. Governor Bush participated in the signing ceremony of the Everglades Protection Agreement. Then-Mexican President Vincente Fox (left) and Bush hold a press conference September 7, 2001, in Miami. Fox visited Florida to attend the Americas Conference and deliver a speech to speak about issues such as immigration. Then-President George W. Bush (right) is greeted by Jeb Bush on March 21, 2001, at Orlando International Airport in Orlando, Florida. President Bush was in Orlando to attend the American College of Cardiology Annual Convention. Bush speaks during a press conference at the Carandolet Government Palace in Quito, January 18, 2006. Bush and a businessmen delegation were in a two-day visit to talk about a free trade agreement. Bush speaks to reporters after meeting with the Florida State Cabinet at the Florida State Capitol Building November 16, 2000, in Tallahassee, Florida. Then-President George W. Bush (left) and Jeb Bush (right), raise their arms onstage following a rally at the Florida State Fairgrounds, October 25, 2000, in Brandon, Florida. Jeb Bush (left) and then-President George W. Bush stand with their arms around each other's shoulders at a rally in Miami, Florida, September 22, 2000. Then-President George W. Bush (right) and Jeb Bush go through the line for strawberries during a stop at the Stawberry Festival March 12, 2000 in Plant City, Florida. The Bush family, (left to right) former U.S. President George W., former Florida Governor Jeb, former President George H.W. and his wife Barbara, watch play during the Foursomes matches September 25, 1999 at The Country Club in Brookline, Massachusetts the site of the 33rd Ryder Cup Matches. Former President George H.W. Bush (second left), his wife Barbara Bush (left), their son Jeb Bush (center), then-first lady Hillary Clinton (second right), and former then-President Bill Clinton (right) look up to see the U.S. Army Golden Knights parachute team November 6, 1997 at the conclusion of the dedication ceremony of the George Bush Library in College Station, Texas. Portrait of the Bush family in front of their Kennebunkport, Maine house August 24, 1986. Pictured, back row: Margaret holding daughter Marshall, Marvin Bush, Bill LeBlond. Pictured, front row: Neil Bush holding son Pierce, Sharon, George W. Bush holding daughter Barbara, Laura Bush holding daughter Jenna, Barbara Bush, George Bush, Sam LeBlond, Doro Bush Lebond, George P. (Jeb's son), Jeb Bush holding son Jebby, Columba Bush and Noelle Bush.",1
3622,Al Qaeda rep says group directed Paris magazine attack; US issues travel warning,"A member of Al Qaeda's branch in Yemen said Friday that the group directed the massacre earlier this week at a Paris magazine, as the U.S. State Department issued a travel warning to citizens, saying they faced an increased risk of reprisals.

Earlier Friday, near simultaneous raids by French police killed the two Islamist brothers behind the attack and another terrorist. The raids, conducted at locations 25 miles apart, took out Cherif and Said Kouachi and a suspect in a policewoman's killing who had seized hostages at a Paris grocery on the brothers' behalf, but also left four hostages dead, according to authorities and reports from the scene.

The Al Qaeda member on Friday provided a statement in English to The Associated Press saying ""the leadership of AQAP directed the operations and they have chosen their target carefully.""

There was no independent confirmation of the report, and U.S. intelligence and counterterrorism officials say it is too early to conclude who is responsible for the massacre on Wednesday that left 12 dead.

However, Cherif Kouachi told a French TV station before Friday's raid at an industrial park that he was sent by Al Qaeda in Yemen and had been financed by the cleric Anwar al-Awlaki, who was killed by a U.S. airstrike in Yemen in 2011.

The State Department's warning says attacks against Americans are becoming increasingly prevalent. It also cites an increased risk of reprisals against U.S. and Western targets for the U.S.-led intervention against Islamic State militants in Syria and Iraq, and comes in the aftermath of terrorist attacks in Australia and Canada, as well as the Paris massacre.

If confirmed, the attack would be the first time Al Qaeda's branch in Yemen has successfully carried out an operation in the West after at least two earlier attempts.

The Al Qaeda member said the attack was in line with warnings from the late Al Qaeda leader Usama bin Laden to the West about ""the consequences of the persistence in the blasphemy against Muslim sanctities,"" adding that it was ""revenge for the honor"" of Islam's Prophet Muhammad, which the satirical Charlie Hebdo had occasionally lampooned.

The lightning-quick strikes earlier Friday ended two tense, hours-long standoffs, one at a printing plant north of the city and the other at a kosher supermarket on Paris' east side, where four hostages were killed, as many as 15 were freed. A hostage held north of the city by the brothers, who killed 12 in a commando-style attack at the offices of Charlie Hebdo, was reportedly freed. The fast-moving developments, signaled by explosions and gunfire at a printing plant in Dammartin-en-Goele, followed by similar sounds at Hypercacher (Hyper Kosher), a Jewish supermarket in eastern Paris, brought to a climax a three-day terror ordeal and manhunt involving nearly 90,000 police and military personnel.

The Kouachi brothers, the radicalized French-born slackers whose attack on Charlie Hebdo left two police officers among the dozen dead, were both killed in the first raid. The brothers, 32 and 34, respectively, are believed to have ties to Al Qaeda in Yemen, and military experts who viewed footage of their bloody, late-morning raid on Wednesday said they appeared to be well-trained terrorists. Charlie Hebdo had long angered Muslim radicals with its penchant for publishing cartoon images of Prophet Muhammed.

In Paris, police said Amedy Coulibaly, who is believed to have know the brothers and was suspected of killing Paris Police Officer Clarissa Jean-Philippe Thursday, as she attended to a routine traffic accident in the city, was killed in a raid moments later, ending his supermarket siege. Police had identified him and his longtime girlfriend, Hayat Boumeddiene, as suspects in the police killing, but her whereabouts were not immediately known. Police were searching for another possible suspect who may have escaped the grocery store siege, but it was not clear if that person was Boumeddiene.

At the kosher grocery near the Porte de Vincennes neighborhood of the capital, the gunman burst in shooting just a few hours before the Jewish Sabbath began, declaring ""You know who I am,"" an official recounted.

The attack came before sundown when the store would have been crowded with shoppers, and President Francois Hollande called it ""a terrifying anti-Semitic act.""

Coulibaly killed the four people in the market shortly after entering, Molins said.

Several people wounded in the grocery store were able to flee and get medical care, the official said.

Coulibaly, 33, and Cherif Kouachi were committed followers of convicted terror kingpin Djamel Beghal, according to Le Monde.

Earlier Friday, a French security official told the AP that shots were fired as the brothers stole a car in the town of Montagny Sainte Felicite in the early morning hours. French officials told Fox News that the suspects threw the car's driver out at the side of the road. The driver, who recognized the suspects, then called police and alerted them to the suspects' whereabouts.

On Thursday, U.S. government sources confirmed that Said Kouachi, 34, had traveled to Yemen in 2011 and had direct contact with an Al Qaeda training camp. The other brother, 32-year-old Cherif, had been convicted in France of terrorism charges in 2008 for trying to join up with fighters battling in Iraq. The sources also confirmed that both brothers, who had been orphaned as youngsters and spent years committing petty crimes and doing menial jobs, were on a U.S. no-fly list.

Fox News was told the investigators have made it a priority to determine whether he had contact with Al Qaeda in Yemen's leadership, including a bomb maker and a former Guantanamo Bay detainee.

Hollande called for tolerance after the country's worst terrorist attack since 1961, in the middle of the conflict over Algerian independence from France.

""France has been struck directly in the heart of its capital, in a place where the spirit of liberty -- and thus of resistance -- breathed freely,"" Hollande said.

Charlie Hebdo had long drawn threats for its depictions of Islam, although it also satirized other religions and political figures. The weekly paper had caricatured the Prophet Muhammad, and a sketch of Islamic State's leader was the last tweet sent out by the irreverent newspaper, minutes before the attack. Nothing has been tweeted since.

Eight journalists, two police officers, a maintenance worker and a visitor were killed in the attack.

Charlie Hebdo planned a special edition next week, produced in the offices of another paper. Editor Stephane Charbonnier, known as Charb, who was among those slain, ""symbolized secularism ... the combat against fundamentalism,"" his companion, Jeannette Bougrab, said on BFM-TV.

""He was ready to die for his ideas,"" she said.

Authorities around Europe have warned of the threat posed by the return of Western jihadis trained in warfare. France counts at least 1,200 citizens in the war zone in Syria -- headed there, returned or dead. Both the Islamic State group and Al Qaeda have threatened France -- home to Western Europe's largest Muslim population.

The French suspect in a deadly 2014 attack on a Jewish museum in Belgium had returned from fighting with extremists in Syria; and the man who rampaged in southern France in 2012, killing three soldiers and four people at a Jewish school, received paramilitary training in Pakistan.

Fox News' Greg Palkot, Catherine Herridge and The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
3551,What 'Draw Muhammad' shootings say about Islamic State reach (+video),"The Islamic State claimed responsibility for the foiled terrorist attack at a Muhammad cartoon contest in Texas Sunday. But that doesn't mean the group had much to do with the attack.

The attempted terror attack by two Muslim-Americans in Garland, Texas, Sunday so far appears to confirm what terrorism experts have been saying for months: The Islamic State has no ability to carry out attacks in the United States.

But the incident shows that the Islamic State’s ability to inspire and, to a limited degree, direct “lone wolf” jihadis remains a challenge with no simple answers.

No evidence yet shared with the public suggests that the two men killed by a security officer when they opened fire on a building hosting a “Draw Muhammad” contest were hardened Islamic State operatives. They pledged fealty to the Islamic State in a tweet minutes before the attack.

But one of them, Elton Simpson, had been on the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s radar screen since 2006, and he faced charges in 2011 over claims that he wanted to join jihad in Somalia.

The degree to which he and his Phoenix-area roommate, Nadir Soofi, reached out to the Islamic State – or the Islamic State (also known as ISIS) reached out to them – is unclear. The FBI is combing through the men’s social media histories for clues.

But it is becoming increasingly clear that the Islamic State’s greatest threat to the US is in its online messaging, which Jessica Stern, co-author of the new book “ISIS: The State of Terror,” calls a “social contagion.” What is known about Sunday’s attack underscores that “it’s less important that ISIS actually speaks [directly to attackers], because ISIS’s goal is to inspire this kind of attack.”

This is terrorism on the cheap. The Islamic State doesn’t have to try to send operatives to the US. It can simply prod disgruntled Americans and claim the credit.

For the Islamic State, “trying to get guys from Syria or Iraq into the United States [to fight] would be stupid and fruitless, because it would take time and money, it would take guys away from the fight, and why would you even do it when you have a great force multiplier in the Internet, where you can get people to pop up anywhere, making you seem omnipotent and universal?” asks Tim Clemente, a former FBI counterterrorism agent.

On one hand, Sunday’s attack gave that impression. But it also suggested the limitations of outsourcing terrorism operations. America’s legal dockets are strewn with the stories of homegrown terrorists who were rumbled by the FBI or simply failed. CNN notes that the attackers had body armor and semiautomatic weapons and yet were killed by a traffic officer with a pistol.

The events showed that the attackers were “wannabes who have never really done anything legitimate, and who hope this act will give them acceptance,” Mr. Clemente says.

For that reason, the attack in Garland “doesn’t suggest to me that this is a clear escalation,” says Ms. Stern. Rather, it points to the Islamic State’s opportunism – both in recruiting would-be terrorists and in capitalizing on their exploits.

“This is something ISIS has been hoping will happen,” she says.

The Islamic State has made many claims of responsibility in attacks throughout North Africa and Europe, though this is the first time it has done so for an attack in North America.

The attack last October on the Canadian Parliament in Ottawa by a lone gunman seemed taken out of the Islamic State playbook, investigators said, but Canadian intelligence never found a credible connection.

The Garland attack also stirred memories of the attack by jihadists on the satirical Paris magazine Charlie Hebdo, as well as an attack at an event this spring attended by Lars Vilks, a Swedish cartoonist who has caricatured Muhammad.

Sunday’s event, sponsored by controversial free-speech activist Pam Geller, promised the artist behind the best cartoon of Mohammad a $10,000 prize. It included a keynote address from controversial Dutch politician Geert Wilders, who has decried the “Islamicization of the Netherlands.”

The Islamic State message does appear to hold some appeal for a minuscule fringe. In addition to Islamic State-inspired attacks, an estimated 3,000 Westerners – including perhaps “hundreds” of Americans – have traveled to Syria since 2011 to join violent jihad.

As of last October, Norwegian terrorism analyst Thomas Hegghammer found a low “blowback rate” for those fighters coming back to their home countries to engage in terrorism – only about 1 of every 150 to 300, much lower than the rate for foreign fighters in Afghanistan, for example.

He suggested that was because of the Islamic State’s primary focus on establishing a caliphate in the Middle East. “ISIS is unlikely to go all in on global [terrorism] operations the way al Qaeda Central has. The organization is not designed for that, and such a strategy is not compatible with its state-building ambitions,” he wrote on CNN.

In the months since, ISIS’s messaging campaign has become more global, but its operational reach has apparently remained focused on the Middle East. The result, experts say, is attacks like the one Sunday.

“It’s not as if ISIS has a cell in the United States or trains people,” Aymenn Jawad al-Tamimi, an Islamic State expert at the Interdisciplinary Center in Harzliya, Israel, tells The New York Times. “This is not ISIS coming to America.”",1
3736,"In Baltimore's call for federal police probe, a new search for answers (+video)","While some Justice Department investigations are adversarial, a new model of collaborative reform is surprising police in some cities, as they find themselves included as part of the solution.

Searching for a ""framework ... [to] heal,"" Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake put in a 911 call to the US Department of Justice to ask for a civil rights investigation into the Baltimore Police Department’s beat cop tactics.

Her call, not even a week after a local prosecutor charged six police officers with crimes including murder for their alleged role in the death of Freddie Gray, is part of a broader trend of ""collaborative reform"" between Washington and local jurisdictions.

What's striking about such investigations is that they don't just slam the police, but also aim to help officers stay safe and protect citizens, as well as show that they are part of the solution.

In fact, following a Baltimore Sun series on police abuses in the city last year, Police Commissioner Anthony Batts approached the Justice Department to conduct a collaborative review, which had been under way the day Mr. Gray died while in police custody.

Some DOJ investigations are adversarial, as police bristle at court orders and federal monitors. But a federal investigation into whether Baltimore cops routinely violate people’s civil rights is likely to mirror similar probes in Las Vegas and Philadelphia, where police chiefs have been able to use federal findings to gain leverage with elected officials and also use facts to rebut claims by police officers that they’re doing nothing wrong, says Sam Walker, a criminologist at the University of Nebraska at Omaha.

To be sure, Mr. Walker says, it’s “too early to tell” whether such interventions can bring the kind of fundamental reforms that Mayor Rawlings-Blake is hoping to find in the aftermath of Gray’s death and injuries to nearly 100 cops during violent riots.

But there is growing evidence that such collaborative efforts can help communities grapple with deep tensions between police and neighborhoods and build trust around common goals like respect, dignity, and sanctity of life.

After Las Vegas police shot a record 25 people in 2010, the city began its own reforms and asked the Department of Justice for help a year later. In 2011, the DOJ began the new collaboration program, delving deep into practices, training procedures, and policies to root out where officers were going wrong and where policies failed the people.

As of 2012, the Las Vegas department had completed dozens of difficult reforms, including rewriting its use-of-deadly-force policy to include a reference to officers acknowledging the “sanctity of human life” as they make critical split-second decisions. The department added so-called reality-based training to give officers more options than quick deployment of deadly force as they interacted with drugged, drunk, or mentally ill citizens. Since then, the number of officer-involved shootings in Las Vegas has stayed below historical averages, year to year.

In March, the Justice Department reported back on practices of the Philadelphia Police Department, which had seen a stretch of years in which police killed a person nearly every week, many of them unarmed. The DOJ team, which was made up of policing experts and not prosecutors, released a string of findings that pointed to problems in both policy and training.

Surprisingly to some, many complaints came from officers themselves. Among the findings were complaints from officers that they were not properly trained to deal with violent suspects. The training needed to be less staged and more reality-based, officers said, including allowing trainees to grapple with each other to learn tactics.

“Interview participants generally thought that the defensive tactics training offered at the academy focused too much on legal liability and not enough on teaching practical and realistic methods for surviving a physical encounter,” the DOJ report stated. “They did not believe that [training] sufficiently prepared them for a physical encounter.”

Aside from giving leaders hard facts to work with, such reports can also help defend police officers. Even though many police shootings have a racial backdrop, the Justice Department found that Philadelphia police did not have a problem with racial stereotyping. In fact, unarmed white males were more likely to be shot and killed by Philadelphia police than unarmed black males.

“I want to express regrets for all who have been shot in Philadelphia, civilians or police officers.... Every life is precious in this city and this country, so we need to maintain this level of focus,"" Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter said in March. ""We're one big city. Everyone wants to be safe. Citizens want to be safe. Police officers want to be safe.""

The Justice Department has conducted 19 civil rights investigations since 2000, stepping up the efforts in the Obama era, with five police departments coming under federal monitoring in 2012 alone. Some of those investigations have been scathing, including a report in March that documented abuses by the Ferguson (Mo.) Police Department that helped fuel protests in the wake of Michael’s Brown death last August, at the hands of a police officer.

So far, Attorney General Loretta Lynch has not replied to the Baltimore mayor’s request for a separate civil rights abuse probe.

But the request makes clear that the city’s police probably have problems that go beyond the treatment of Gray.

Since 2011, the city has settled more than 100 lawsuits equaling nearly $6 million in cases where people were bruised and battered by officers, only to have trumped-up charges later dropped by a judge.

True, institutional change can be difficult. After the Baltimore Police Department promised the courts in 2010 it would curb the large percentage of false arrests in the city by offering better training, the department dragged its feet, the American Civil Liberties Union has alleged. The issue has reared up again in the Gray case, since prosecutor Marilyn Mosby has charged that officers falsely arrested Gray for carrying a legal knife.

But so far in Philadelphia and Las Vegas, one key to success has been the efforts to engage police officers in the process by showing them that they are part of the solution, and that the collaboration isn't about outsiders second-guessing their actions. In Philadelphia, Commissioner Charles Ramsey sent every officer a link to the Las Vegas report, so they could see for themselves that it was more an attempt to help officers stay safe and protect citizens than blaming them for their actions.

""Cops are always leery of something,"" Mr. Ramsey told the Baltimore Sun. ""We did as much as we could to alleviate any concerns and fears.""",1
4306,The Iowa caucuses are closer than you think,"The Iowa caucuses are 11 weeks away. That is a lifetime in a political campaign. Except that it’s really not.

The campaign is about to enter its holiday period — a time when people, including Iowans and New Hampshire types, start paying much more attention to how to stuff their turkey and what’s under the Christmas tree than they do to politics. TV ads, stump speeches and even debates tend to get lost — or plain ignored — in the holiday maelstrom.

Thanksgiving is in less than two weeks. Christmas is four weeks after that. A week later, it’s New Year’s Eve/New Year’s Day. Suddenly, it’s Jan. 4, and the caucuses are only 28 days away.

That’s the real calendar math of 2016. The race is almost certain to freeze in place — or close to it — in 10 days, only to thaw a few days into the new year.

That prospect should worry Republicans who have an eye on retaking the White House after eight years in the political wilderness. Why? Because the top tier of the GOP field, as of today, is just two candidates large: former pediatric neurosurgeon Ben Carson and real estate investor Donald Trump.

In virtually every national poll of Republican voters, Carson and Trump not only lead the rest of the field by a wide margin, but also combine to take well north of 50 percent of the total vote. Carson is the favorite in Iowa, while Trump remains the front-runner in the New Hampshire primary.

[Time for GOP panic? Establishment worried Carson or Trump might win.]

The problem for Republicans is that in an election likely to be focused on foreign policy — the Paris attacks late last week make this an even greater likelihood — neither Carson nor Trump have demonstrated a depth of knowledge likely to reassure voters that they are up to the job of commander in chief.

Trump, in particular, would be a very problematic nominee for Republicans — not just because of his relative cluelessness on foreign policy but also because of his comments on immigration, women, prisoners of war, Iowans and lots (and lots) of other things.

Establishment Republicans had long believed that former Florida governor Jeb Bush’s massive financial edge — a super PAC that supports him raised $100 million in the first six months of the year — would allow him to overtake the likes of Carson and Trump as actual votes neared.

But Bush has been far less than advertised as a candidate, and it’s not clear that all the money in the world can sell a message that Republican caucus and primary voters simply don’t want to buy.

That leaves Marco Rubio, the senator from Florida, as the establishment pol best positioned to overtake the outsiders at the top of the field. And it could happen. But, Rubio’s fundraising has been less than impressive, and although he has moved up in polling, he has less than half of the support enjoyed by Trump or Carson in both early-state and national surveys.

[The Take: Why no one is dropping out of the GOP presidential race]

Put simply: Any Republican who tells you that Trump and/or Carson are a fad who will fade before Iowa is engaging in the most wishful of thinking. It’s a near-certainty at this point that the top tier going into Iowa will look almost exactly like it does today — Carson and Trump at the top, with Rubio and Sen. Ted Cruz (Tex.) inching upward.

The state of the Democratic race is far less in flux — and, therefore, is causing much less agita for the party establishment.

Hillary Rodham Clinton, after months of listless campaigning, almost certainly secured the Democratic nomination with her strong showing in October — a month bookended by a standout performance in the first presidential debate and her marathon testimony in front of the House committee investigating the 2012 attacks in Benghazi, Libya.

Clinton remains far from a perfect candidate — her decision to exclusively use a private e-mail server while at the State Department will be a major point of emphasis for Republicans in the general election — but she is by far the most complete candidate in the Democratic field.

Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders seems comfortable being a protest candidate rather than a serious challenger to Clinton — as evidenced by his refusal in each of the first two debates to use questions about Clinton’s e-mail issue to draw a broader contrast between the two candidates.

Sanders’s viability in Iowa and, especially, New Hampshire, a state where he is a slight favorite as of today, means that he will remain a relevant part of the race all the way through February. But it’s hard to see a path to victory for Sanders unless he can significantly expand his coalition beyond whites or peel voters off of Clinton — neither of which seem likely.

The state of both parties’ races today will almost certainly be the state of those races when actual voters begin to start paying attention again right around Jan. 4. That prospect should make Republicans frown and Democrats smile.",1
3974,Entering U.S. as refugees would be hard for terrorists,"Washington (CNN) Even before the debris from the Paris terrorist attacks was swept away, politicians began sounding the alarm that Syrian refugees could be a national security threat to the United States. The issue has dominated the U.S. political conversation during the week since gunmen and suicide bombers terrorized Paris on a Friday night.

All Republican presidential candidates called on President Barack Obama to renege on his pledge to admit 10,000 refugees fleeing Syria's brutal civil war into the U.S. and argued instead for a full stop, fearing terrorists could infiltrate their ranks.

Thirty-one governors have declared Syrian refugees unwelcome in their states and on Thursday the House passed a bill to bar refugees from Syria and Iraq from entering the U.S. Nearly 50 Democrats joined 242 Republicans to pass the bill, which the White House has threatened to veto. Sen. Ted Cruz, a Republican presidential candidate, suggested the U.S. only accept Christian refugees . Ben Carson, another candidate, likened refugees to ""rabid dogs"" threatening the neighborhood.

But those responses ignore one very important fact: the refugee program is quite simply the toughest way for a foreigner to legally enter the United States. There are other security gaps that would be easier for would-be terrorists to exploit.

Were any of the Paris attackers refugees?

As of now, none of the Paris attackers have been confirmed as having entered Europe as refugees.

In fact, most of the Paris attackers were European citizens born in France or Belgium. Two of them appear to have entered Europe through Greece although it doesn't appear that they came in through a refugee program.

Perhaps more importantly, the European refugee admission system is dramatically different from the U.S. system for Syrians, in large part because the U.S. is geographically separated from Syria. The U.S. has the opportunity to do far more vetting before refugees arrive on their shores.

How does a refugee get into the U.S.?

Refugees must undergo an 18- to 24-month screening process, minimum, that the United Nations' refugee arm oversees. And that's before individual countries even begin to consider a refugee's application and conduct their own additional interviews and background checks.

The screening process generally includes multiple interviews, background checks and an extensive cross-referencing process that tests refugee's stories against others and accounts from sources on the ground in their home country.

Throughout that process, U.N. officials and local government officials in temporary host countries like Turkey, Jordan and Lebanon look to determine the legitimacy of asylum seekers' claims and ensure that they meet the criteria of a refugee, including that they are not and have not been involved in any fighting or terrorist activities.

Refugees also have their retinas scanned and have their fingerprints lifted.

Christopher Boian, a spokesman for the United Nations High Commission for Refugees, called the process ""stringent"" and ""long and complex.""

""If at any stage in that process there is ever the slightest shadow of a doubt or the slightest whisper of suspicion, they are removed from the process. That is that,"" Boian said.

""The very, very few Syrian refugees who are accepted and referred for consideration for resettlement in another country -- there simply is no more closely scrutinized population on earth these days,"" he added.

That's because other countries have so far pledged to resettle just 159,000 of the more than 4 million Syrian refugees -- setting an extremely high bar for resettlement.

And refugees aren't automatically considered for resettlement: only the most vulnerable refugees -- such as torture victims, female heads of household, people with serious medical conditions and other especially vulnerable groups.

So after they go through that process by the U.N., the U.S. does an additional screening?

That's right. After a rigorous screening process and several interviews carried out by the U.N. refugee agency, refugees the U.S. agrees to consider for resettlement have to undergo an additional interview, medical evaluation and security screening.

According to one U.S. government official, there's an additional layer of vetting that's specific to Syrian applicants, including special briefings for interviewers and information from the U.S. intelligence community.

The security screening involves checks against several government agencies' databases and terrorist watch lists using biographic and biometric information. It's a process Mark Toner, a State Department spokesman, recently called ""the most stringent security process for anyone entering the United States.""

And Syrian refugees get an additional, more targeted layer of screening involving the U.S. Intelligence agency, according to a government official.

Sounds pretty rigorous. How does the refugee process stack up to other ways of getting into the U.S.?

The refugee program is simply the toughest way for any foreigner to enter the U.S. legally.

For most people, getting a tourist visa to enter the United States is much easier, but still requires an in-person interview and involves a typical background check. The process takes anywhere from a few days to a couple months.

But there's an even easier way to get into the U.S. if you're a citizen of one of 38 mostly European countries, including France and Belgium.

As a sign that the Obama administration agrees that there are gaps that need closing, one of the U.S. officials said, in the coming days the administration expects to announce plans for additional steps to be taken with European countries that participate in the visa waiver program.

Sen. Angus King, an independent from Maine who sits on the intelligence committee, said it ""would be much harder"" for a terrorist to get into the country through the refugee program than with a passport from one of the 38 countries in the visa waiver program.

""(The refugee process) would take 18 months to two years. Under the visa waiver program, it could take 24 hours,"" King told CNN in a phone interview. ""The target of our work should be strengthening the visa waiver program.""

""We do need to pay attention to whether the terrorists could infiltrate the refugee flow. I don't think it's something we should ignore, but the amount of vetting that goes on there already is very through,"" King added.

So is that program getting strengthened?

A bipartisan proposal to do just that is gaining momentum on Capitol Hill.

Noting that 20 million people each year use the visa waiver program to visit the United States, Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-California, said in a Thursday news conference that a bill she is proposing with Sen. Jeff Flake, R-Arizona, would help guard against terrorists trying to exploit the program.

""Terrorists could exploit the program, could go from France to Syria, as 2,000 fighters have done, come back to France, use the visa waiver program and without further scrutiny come into the United States,"" said Feinstein, a senior member of the intelligence committee.

The Feinstein-Flake bill, which is set to be formally introduced after Thanksgiving, would keep foreigners who've traveled to Syria or Iraq in the last five years from using the visa waiver program. It would also mandate fingerprinting for all travelers entering the U.S. from visa waiver countries and requires all foreigners from those countries to have a modern passport that has an embedded e-chip that is more secure and includes an individual's biometric information and other data.

Flake, the bill's Republican sponsor, told reporters Thursday the refugee program could be strengthened to include better tracking of refugees once they arrive in the country, but said touted the rigorous process as something that shouldn't be a source of concern.

""On the front end, it is a very thorough vetting that they get. So of all the things that we ought to be concerned about, that is not at the top of the list,"" he said.",1
3202,Here's why moderate Republicans aren't running for Congress anymore,"Hey, you! Any interest in running for the US House or, maybe better, the US Senate? A few seats are up for grabs in 2016. It's a very powerful, prestigious, decently well-paying job. Lots of important decisions. Great on a résumé.

What's that you say? Not interested. Not for you? Yeah, I get it. I wouldn't want to run for Congress either. I know, you're probably a reasonable person, a nuanced thinker with a bit of an independent streak. You don't want to get drawn into the maw of that tribal trench warfare down there on the DC swamp. It's a bitter, angry place. And no fun.

But hey, somebody has to do the job. And, flippant tone aside, it really matters who does do the job. If reasonable, level-headed people like you don't want to run for Congress, that means only hair-on-fire ideologues will put run the place, and ... oh wait. That does seem to be happening a bit these days.

Which takes us to that upcoming 2016 congressional election.  Yet another golden opportunity to bring some fresh talent into Washington, maybe for some folks who are more excited about governing than about trying to make government disappear altogether?

If such optimism sounds like the triumph of hope over experience, it probably is. Which raises an important question: Why don't we get many moderates, especially moderate Republicans, running for office these days?

I've gathered here two good explanations from some recent political science literature:

Say you're a moderate Republican. You might look at the Republican Party in Congress and feel like it's not exactly your people in charge of the place. You'd see that the leaders in Congress tend to be on the extremist side, and you'd make a reasonable guess that you wouldn't get too far in Congress as a moderate. By contrast, if you're a True Conservative, you'd see an opportunity to fit right in.

This is the ""Party Fit hypothesis,"" as developed by political scientist Danielle Thomsen in a paper titled ""Ideological Moderates Won't Run: How Party Fit Matters for Partisan Polarization in Congress."" (She also has a forthcoming book on this.) Thomsen looked at some surveys of state legislators and some data on who actually runs for Congress. Her conclusion based on the data is simple: ""The more liberal the Republican state legislator, the less likely she is to run for Congress; the more conservative the Democratic state legislator, the less likely she is to do so.""

In an email, Thomsen told me that there are indeed moderates in the state legislatures. She estimates that ""about 20% of Republican state legislators are as liberal as former Senator Olympia Snowe (R-ME) and nearly 30% of Democratic state legislators are as conservative as former representative John Tanner (D-TN)."" It's just that they are much less likely to run for Congress.

Like most aspects of polarization, the ""party fit"" story is asymmetrical — the polarizing impact is much stronger for Republicans. Democrats have maintained more ideological diversity and get more moderates to run. This is not true for Republicans.

And like most aspects of polarization, it feeds on itself. As Thomsen also wrote in her email to me, "" As moderates gradually lost their place in both parties, polarization has become self-reinforcing.  The hyper-partisanship in Congress has discouraged moderates from running for and remaining in Congress, which has further exacerbated the ideological distance between the parties.""

Again, say you're a moderate Republican. Chances are your local and state party leaders are not all that interested in encouraging you to run. Most likely, they are ideologues themselves, and they'd like to find people who share their beliefs, especially if they are Republicans. They want True Conservatives.

This is a conclusion I draw from a fascinating survey of 6,000 county-level political party leaders, conducted by political scientists David Broockman, Nicholas Carnes, Melody Crowder-Meyer, and Christopher Skovron. They asked what qualities party leaders wanted.

Sure, the party leaders said they looked for the usual things — honesty, experience intelligence, dedication, good looks, and, yes, ability to raise money.

But they also cared about ideology — particularly the Republicans. Broockman et al. write:

And party leaders do play a very important role in candidate recruitment, as Broockman documented in a separate paper: In pretty much every study trying to explain why candidates decided to run for office, recruitment was a major factor.

Again, we have a self-reinforcing loop here: The more ideologues run the party, the more they are going to recruit other like-minded candidates to run for office.

There is also probably a fundraising aspect to this. Most of the big donors tend to be pretty ideological (again, especially on the right). If they give a lot of money, it's almost always because they feel very strongly that one or the other of the two major parties needs to be in charge. Active passion and strong partisanship tend to go together.

For example, in explaining ""leapfrog representation"" (the phenomenon of extremist candidates jumping over the median voter in a district when a seat changes partisan control), political scientists Joseph Bafumi and Michael C. Herron point that active donors tend to be more extreme than non-donors. They argue that this may offer one explanation why candidates do not converge on the middle — if you can't raise money from (ideological) donors, it's harder to run for office.

Sure, you might argue, party leaders may be ideologues themselves, especially on the right. But most of all, they want to stay in power. And to stay in power, they need to win elections.  And to win elections, they need to converge on the median voter who is, by definition, in the middle of the left-right ideological distribution. Ergo, the moderating pressures of electoral competition should overcome these forces of extremism.

Fair enough. In close races, party leaders may indeed face a trade-off between ideology and electability.

But one problem is there just aren't that many close races.

By the latest Cook Political Report 2016 projections, 378 out of 435 House seats are considered safe — that's 87 percent. Add in the 25 ""likely"" seats, and we're at 403 out of 435, or 93 percent, at low or no risk. So it doesn't matter whether parties pick moderates or ideologues — they're almost certainly going to win as long as they don't pick a convicted felon (or maybe even if they do).

In the Senate, 19 or 33 seats up in 2016 are solid for one party or another by the Cook assessment. If we add in the likely seats, we're at 25 or 33, or 75 percent low or no risk. In state legislatures, meanwhile, 43 percent of seats are not even contested.

In other words, the proposed moderation of the median voter theory doesn't have very many seats on which to work its supposed magic.

But then again, it's not even clear that competitive elections actually bring candidates to the middle. Research by political scientists Anthony Fowler and Andrew B. Hall suggests that partisans who win in close congressional elections vote just as extreme as partisans who win by landslides. Fowler and Hall conclude, ""Elected officials do not adapt their roll-call voting to their districts' preferences over time, and ... voters do not systematically respond by replacing incumbents.""

No wonder, then, that political scientists Jacob Hacker and Paul Pierson have described the median voter theory as a failure in a recent paper criticizing the ""Downsian"" paradigm (Anthony Downs popularized the median voter theory). As Hacker and Pierson conclude, ""Parties not only fail to converge, they diverge asymmetrically."" One key reason for this, they argue, is that organized interests within the parties make strong demands, and ""party leaders will be attentive to such demands because groups can provide resources they need, offering critical financial and organizational support.""

Okay, so you're probably not going to run for Congress in 2016. Nor am I.

But somebody out there is going to put up with all the endless fundraising calls and the invasions of privacy and the negative ads attacking them and the endless recitation of the same platitudinous speeches over and over again. And, especially on the right, that somebody is probably going to be an ideologue. Because who else wants to run these days? And who else do party leaders want to recruit?

The obvious suggestion is that we need to get some different people running for national office — again, especially on the right.

More broadly, we might want to think a little more about the pipeline of who's getting involved in politics at all. And yeah, we probably also ought to do something about this problem of only a tiny share of the millennial generation viewing politics as a worthwhile career. But there's plenty of time ahead to work through these problems.

So watch this space for some ideas in the months ahead. I'm going to be thinking a bit about this problem.

This post is part of Polyarchy, an independent blog produced by the political reform program at New America, a Washington think tank devoted to developing new ideas and new voices. See more Polyarchy posts here.",1
3466,"Supreme Court to consider redefining 'one-person, one-vote' principle","WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court agreed Tuesday to define what it meant by ""one person, one vote"" a half century ago.

The justices will consider a challenge brought by two rural voters in Texas who claim their state Senate ballots carry less weight than those cast in urban areas with large numbers of non-citizens ineligible to vote.

Under the current system in nearly all states, state legislative districts are drawn with roughly equal populations. The standard dates back to decisions made by the Supreme Court in the early 1960s.

If the justices change the standard from total population to legal voters, illegal and some legal immigrants would not be counted, along with children and most prisoners who have committed felonies. That would equalize the power of each vote but result in districts of unequal population.

It also would make it harder for Hispanics in ethnic areas to elect the candidate of their choice, because their voting strength would decline, or the districts would be less compact and subject to legal challenge. That could help Republicans in rural areas and hurt Democrats in cities.

States and localities most likely to feel the effect of any change include Texas, California, Arizona, New Mexico, Florida and the New York metropolitan area. While only state legislative districts would be affected, a separate challenge could be filed to change the way congressional districts are drawn.

In the Texas case, Sue Evenwel's mostly rural district has about 584,000 citizens eligible to vote, while a neighboring urban district has only 372,000. As a result, voters in the urban district have more sway to influence the outcome.

A federal district court in Texas ruled that the state Legislature's use of total population could not be appealed. But as far back as 2001, at least one justice, Clarence Thomas, had said the issue should be reviewed by the Supreme Court.

""The one-person, one-vote principle, by its terms, entitles voters to an equal vote,"" the challengers said. ""Unless the districting process no longer protects that right, the judgment below cannot stand.""

The organization behind the challenge, the Project on Fair Representation, also was the source of other major Supreme Court cases challenging minority preferences. Among them: Fisher v. University of Texas, challenging the use of affirmative action policies in college admissions, and Shelby County, Ala., v. Holder, challenging a major section of the Voting Rights Act.

The challengers were backed by a half-dozen conservative and libertarian groups, an unusually large number for a case that had yet to be granted by the high court.

Texas responded that the justices had never required legislative districts to be drawn based on the number of voters, rather than total population. ""Multiple precedents from this court confirm that total population is a permissible apportionment base under the Equal Protection Clause,"" the state said.

The case will be taken up during the court's next term, which begins in October.",1
1364,Iowa nightmare revisited: Was correct winner called on caucus night?,"DES MOINES — It's Iowa's nightmare scenario revisited: An extraordinarily close count in the Iowa caucuses — and reports of chaos in precincts and computer glitches — are raising questions about accuracy of the count and winner.

This time it's the Democrats, not the Republicans.

Even as Hillary Clinton trumpeted her Iowa win in New Hampshire on Tuesday, aides for Bernie Sanders said the eyelash-thin margin raised questions and called for a review. The chairwoman of the Iowa Democratic Party rejected that notion, saying the results are final.

The situation echoes the events on the Republican side in the 2012 caucuses, when one winner (Mitt Romney, by eight votes) was named on caucus night, but a closer examination of the paperwork that reflected the head counts showed someone else pulled in more votes (Rick Santorum, by 34 votes). But some precincts were still missing entirely.

Like Republican party officials in 2012, Democratic party officials worked into the early morning on caucus night trying to account for results from a handful of tardy precincts.

But at 2:30 a.m. Tuesday, Iowa Democratic Party Chairwoman Andy McGuire announced that Clinton had eked out a slim victory, based on results from 1,682 of 1,683 precincts.

After voters from the final missing Democratic precinct tracked down party officials Tuesday morning to report their results, Sanders won by two delegate equivalents over Clinton in the final missing precinct, Des Moines precinct No. 42.

The Iowa Democratic Party said the updated final tally of delegate equivalents for all the precincts statewide was:

That's a 3.77-count margin between Clinton, the powerful establishment favorite who early on in the Democratic race was expected to win in a virtual coronation, and Sanders, a democratic socialist who few in Iowa knew much about a year ago.

Sanders campaign aides told the Register they've found some discrepancies between tallies at the precinct level and numbers that were reported to the state party. The Iowa Democratic Party determines its winner not based on a head count like in the Republicans' straw poll, but based on delegate equivalents tied to a math formula. And there was enough confusion, and untrained volunteers on Monday night, that errors may have been made.

""We feel like that there’s a very, very good chance that there is,"" said Rania Batrice, a Sanders spokeswoman. ""It's not that we think anybody did anything intentionally, but human error happens.""

Team Sanders had its own app that allowed supporters and volunteers to send precinct-level results directly to the campaign. At the same time, caucus chairs sent their official results to the state party, either over a specially built Microsoft app or via phone. Sanders aides hope to sit down with the state parties and review the paperwork from the precinct chairs, Batrice said.

""We just want to work with the party and get the questions that are unanswered answered,"" she said.

McGuire, in an interview with the Register, said no.

""The answer is that we had all three camps in the tabulation room last night to address any grievances brought forward and we went over any discrepancies. These are the final results,"" she said.

McGuire in her 2:30 a.m. statement said: ""Hillary Clinton has been awarded 699.57 state delegate equivalents, Bernie Sanders has been awarded 695.49 state delegate equivalents, Martin O’Malley has been awarded 7.68 state delegate equivalents and uncommitted has been awarded .46 state delegate equivalents. We still have outstanding results in one precinct — Des Moines 42 — which is worth 2.28 state delegate equivalents. We will report that final precinct when we have confirmed those results with the chair.""

Team Clinton quickly embraced that news, and flatly stated that nothing could change it.

Clinton's Iowa campaign director, Matt Paul, said in a statement at 2:35 a.m.: ""Hillary Clinton has won the Iowa caucus. After thorough reporting — and analysis — of results, there is no uncertainty and Secretary Clinton has clearly won the most national and state delegates. Statistically, there is no outstanding information that could change the results and no way that Senator Sanders can overcome Secretary Clinton's advantage.""

McGuire repeated that Tuesday afternoon, saying the reporting app had a built-in failsafe to prevent volunteers from reporting more delegates than were assigned to each precinct.

Clinton, who saw her expected Iowa win slip away in 2008, grasped the prize Tuesday.

""I can tell you, I've won and I've lost there, and it's a lot better to win,"" she said at a rally in New Hampshire, the state that votes next on the presidential nominating calendar.

But that didn't quell doubts back in Iowa.

“Politics is a contact sport with few referees, so torturing your opponents with questions about the transparency of an election can be very harmful and damaging,” said Steffen Schmidt, a longtime political observer and professor at Iowa State University in Ames.

Discrepancies can occur in official elections, and caucuses are not even official election events run by the secretary of state's office, noted Dennis Goldford, a Drake University professor who closely studies the Iowa caucuses.

""The caucus system isn't built to bear the weight placed on it,"" he said. ""There aren't even paper ballots (in the Democratic caucuses) to use for a recount in case something doesn't add up.""

Democrats have never released actual head counts, and McGuire said they would not be released this time, either. Determining a winner based on state delegate equivalents rather than head count is a key distinction between how the Democrats conduct their caucuses versus conducting a primary, she said. New Hampshire and Iowa are generally careful to maintain such distinctions as part of their effort to preserve their status as the first caucus state and first primary state.

There were reports of disorganization and lack of volunteers Monday evening. Party officials reported a turnout of 171,109, far less than the record of 240,000 seen in 2008. Democratic voters reported long lines, too few volunteers, a lack of leadership and confusing signage. In some cases, people waited for an hour in one line, only to learn their precinct was in a different area of the same building. The proceedings were to begin at 7 p.m. but started late in many cases.

The scene at precinct No. 42 — the one with the final missing votes — was ""chaos"" Monday night, said Jill Joseph, a rank-and-file Democratic voter who backed Sanders in the caucuses.

None of the 400-plus Democrats wanted to be in charge of the caucus, so a man who had shown up just to vote reluctantly stepped forward. As Joseph was leaving with the untrained caucus chairman, who is one of her neighbors, ""I looked at him and said, 'Who called in the results of our caucus?' And we didn't know.""

The impromptu chairman hand-delivered the results to Polk County Democratic Party Chairman Tom Henderson Tuesday. Sanders won seven state delegates, Clinton won five.

Ames precinct 1-3 started caucusing two hours late, at 9 p.m., because the crowd was so big and the check-in line so slow, said Peter D. Myers, a finance major and member of the student government at Iowa State University, who caucused for the first time.

Capacity at the caucus site, Heartland Senior Center, was 115, but 300 people turned out, Myers said. At one point, they considered moving to the parking lot of the Hy-Vee grocery store.

“It was so chaotic that we ended up making the building work even though capacity was doubled,” he said.

Myers said he registered to vote in August but “was alarmed to find out I wasn't on the list, so I had to go to the back of the line. The gentleman in front of me has caucuses the past three cycles and he wasn't on the list, either.”

No one was there to lead the caucus, so “a pregnant lady took charge and counted the Bernie supporters, and a Hillary captain took the small group to a corner and counted the supporters,” he said.

Sanders ended up with four delegates and Clinton one, he said.

An Indianola precinct that gathered in Hubbell Hall at Simpson College had a discrepancy between the number who checked in, and people counted in the first vote.

“The chair and secretary knew the count was off but proceeded anyway,” said Paige Godden, a reporter for The Record Herald and Indianola Tribune. “We did the final count at least three times. People were very frustrated by the end.”

New voters made up nearly 40% of the caucusgoers — 207 of 521 — at Democratic precinct No. 59 on at Des Moines Central Campus, organizers said. The precinct ran out of voter registration forms and had to print more.

When the caucus began, the one-by-one head count discovered 58 more people voting than had checked in. Organizers asked anyone who had not signed in to do so, and then recounted. Iowa Attorney General Tom Miller, a Clinton supporter who lives in the precinct, stepped in to help with the recount.

The precinct’s caucus chair, Mark Challis, wasn’t sure if the counts were accurate, but changes wouldn’t have affected the final vote tally, which had Sanders substantially ahead.

Democrat Mary Ann Dorsett of Des Moines told the Register that 492 voters turned out in her precinct, but there were only a handful of people assigned to check people in.

“It was a very large room, so clearly they expected a large turnout,” Dorsett said. “The lines snaked through the corridor and out the door. It took over an hour to check in. Republicans in the same precinct were seated long before this, and already listening to speeches.”

Dorsett thinks the one-by-one head-counting system is “a real head-scratcher in terms of the possibility of inaccuracy as well as time wasted.”

“If all the smartphones were eliminated, it could have been 1820, and we were re-enacting the roles of a bunch of farmers sitting in a church hall, counting heads. Is this the 21st century?” she said. “This may well be my last caucus unless the Democratic Party cleans up its act.”

Meanwhile, Republican Party of Iowa officials are doing a review — they’re comparing the app results for each candidate with what the precinct chairs jotted down on their “e-forms” on caucus night.

“When you’re counting thousands of votes you’ve always got to be careful,” Iowa GOP spokesman Charlie Szold said.

Microsoft, one of the premier tech companies in the world, had developed websites to deliver results in real time. But both the Democratic website, idpcaucuses.com, and GOP website, iagopcaucuses.com, struggled intermittently throughout the night, crashing for periods of time and locking out the public from access to the results.

McGuire said the app system the volunteers in the precincts used to file their numbers was never down. ""They (Microsoft) had plenty of capacity for our results,"" she said.

Microsoft spokeswoman Angela Swanson-Henry said: ""National interest in the Iowa Caucuses was high, and some who attempted to access websites may have experienced delays which were quickly addressed.""

Contributing: Tony Leys and Kevin Hardy, The Des Moines Register. Follow Jennifer Jacobs on Twitter: @JenniferJJacobs",1
1019,"In a revealing interview, Trump predicts a ‘massive recession’ but intends to eliminate the national debt in 8 years","Donald Trump said in an interview that economic conditions are so perilous that the country is headed for a “very massive recession” and that “it’s a terrible time right now” to invest in the stock market, embracing a distinctly gloomy view of the economy that counters mainstream economic forecasts.

The New York billionaire dismissed concern that his comments — which are exceedingly unusual, if not unprecedented, for a major party front-runner — could potentially affect financial markets.

“I know the Wall Street people probably better than anybody knows them,” said Trump, who has misfired on such predictions in the past. “I don’t need them.”

Trump’s go-it-alone instincts were a consistent refrain — “I’m the Lone Ranger,” he said at one point — during a 96-minute interview Thursday in which he talked candidly about his aggressive style of campaigning and offered new details about what he would do as president.

The real estate mogul, top aides and his son Don Jr. gathered over lunch at a makeshift conference table set amid construction debris at Trump’s soon-to-be-finished hotel five blocks from the White House. Just before, he had met there with his foreign-policy advisers and just after he visited officials at the Republican National Committee — signs that, in spite of his Trump-knows-best manner, the political novice is making efforts to build a more well-rounded bid.

[Read the full transcript of the Trump interview]

Over the course of the discussion, the candidate made clear that he would govern in the same nontraditional way that he has campaigned, tossing aside decades of American policy and custom in favor of a new, Trumpian approach to the world.

In his first 100 days, Trump said, he would cut taxes, “renegotiate trade deals and renegotiate military deals,” including altering the U.S. role in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization.

He insisted that he would be able to get rid of the nation’s more than $19 trillion national debt “over a period of eight years.”

Most economists would consider this impossible because it could require taking more than $2 trillion a year out of the annual $4 trillion budget to pay off holders of the debt.

Trump vehemently disagrees: “I’m renegotiating all of our deals, the big trade deals that we’re doing so badly on. With China, $505 billion this year in trade.” He said that economic growth he foresees as a consequence of renegotiated deals would enable the United States to pay down the debt — although many economists have said the exact opposite, that a trade war would be crippling to the U.S. economy.

Trump also said that the United States has lost its standing in the world and that he would make people “respect our country. I want them to respect our leader.” Asked how he would do so, Trump cited an “aura of personality.”

As a group of world leaders attended President Obama’s Nuclear Security Summit less than a mile away, Trump said that, like Obama, he would support full-scale nuclear disarmament but quickly added: “I love that. But from a practical standpoint, not going to happen.”

Were he to be elected president, Trump said he would want high-level employees of the federal government to sign legally binding nondisclosure agreements so that staffers couldn’t write insider accounts of what it’s like inside a Trump White House.

“When people are chosen by a man to go into government at high levels and then they leave government and they write a book about a man and say a lot of things that were really guarded and personal, I don’t like that,” Trump said.

But first, Trump must get elected, and his campaign is struggling through one of its most challenging stretches. In the past week, his campaign manager has been charged with battery for grabbing a reporter, Trump has been criticized for mocking the looks of an opponent’s wife as compared with those of his own spouse, and he has backtracked from comments about abortion that offended many in his own party.

Trump said that everyone close to him — family, friends, Republican leaders — has been urging him to tone down his attacks and reach out to former rivals, both to reassure wary voters and to begin the difficult process of unifying a party in which many have sworn to never back him. Trump does not intend to take the advice. He said such overtures are “overrated.”

“I think the first thing I have to do is win,” he said. “Winning solves a lot of problems. And I have two people left”: his two remaining Republican rivals, Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas and Ohio Gov. John Kasich.

“Sometimes you have to break an egg,” Trump said, and Cruz and Kasich were the two remaining eggs.

Trump did offer some concessions to the realities of being a political novice, saying that he would not pick an outsider like himself as a vice-presidential running mate, but rather, “somebody that can walk into the Senate and who’s been friendly with these guys for 25 years, and people for 25 years. And can get things done. So I would 95 percent see myself picking a political person as opposed to somebody from the outside.”

In another unprecedented move, Trump said he plans to announce a list of 10 to 12 judges from which he would pick to fill vacancies on the Supreme Court to allay concerns from conservatives that he wouldn’t choose someone to their liking.

“I’m getting names. The Federalist people. Some very good people. The Heritage Foundation,” Trump said. “I’m going to announce that these are the judges, in no particular order, that I’m going to put up. And I’m going to guarantee it. I’m going to tell people. Because people are worried that, oh, maybe he’ll put the wrong judge in.”

And after a series of violent incidents at his rallies between supporters and protesters, Trump acknowledged that, at least for a little while, he has tried to calm things down.

“We’ve purposefully kept the crowds down this past week,” he said. “You know, we’ve gone into small venues and we’re turning away thousands and thousands of people, which I hate, but we didn’t want to have the protest. You know, when you have a room of 2,000 people, you can pretty much keep it without the protesters.”

The question posed to Trump about his decision to run: “Where do you start the movie?”

A wry smile spread over his face as he repeated the question about the moment when he decided to turn what had long been a flirtation with running for the presidency into something real.

Asked who he talked to about this critical decision, Trump answered: “To myself.”

“To my family, but to myself.”

So it was an interior dialogue?

“This is thought process. And I’m saying to myself, you know, look, they put me in these polls. I’m number one.”

Trump said his interest really started to pick up in the summer of 2014, when he was still busy with his hit NBC reality show, “The Apprentice.” He kept his ambition mostly to himself, slowly thinking it through into early last year, when he hired political advisers, months before he formally jumped in.

Trump said his experience throughout the last two years wasn’t like 1987, when he first made a speech in New Hampshire that he “forgot about” soon after delivering it. This time, as he read the daily newspapers, printed-out online articles (his preferred method of reading) and kept tabs on cable news, he felt the pull.

“I said, ‘You know, this is something I really would like to do.’ I think I’d do it really well. Obviously the public seems to like me,” Trump recalled.

“I’ll tell you a moment when it kicked to yes. Because it was a monetary moment also. . . . There was a moment in, I would say February of last year, so that would be four months, three, four months before I announced, when Steve Burke, great guy, of Comcast . . . came to see me with the top people at NBC. And they wanted to extend my contract.”

Trump told them he was going to run for president instead.

“I just felt there were so many things going wrong with the country,” Trump said of his thinking at the time. He was frustrated with what he saw as the “stupidity” of trade deals and Iran nuclear negotiations that were “terrible” and dominated by “Persians being great negotiators.”

Trump’s wife, Melania, heard most of his complaints, but was not enthused about him becoming a candidate. “She said, ‘We have such a great life. Why do you want to do this?’ ”

“I said, ‘I sort of have to do it, I think. I really have to do it.’ . . . I could do such a great job.”

Later, Melania said, “I hope you don’t do it, but if you run, you’ll win,” according to Trump.

Now, more than a year later and with the Republican nomination in sight, Trump’s family is giving him different advice. “My family said to me — and Don [Jr.] has said this, and Ivanka, and my wife has said this — ‘Be more presidential.’ ”

Trump said he is getting similar guidance from close friends. He had a story to share. A couple weeks ago, a friend, a famous athlete, called. This was right after Trump beat Sen. Marco Rubio in Florida, the senator’s home state. “That was a big beating. Don’t forget, he was the face of the Republican Party. He was the future of the Republican Party. So [the athlete] called me up. And he said, ‘Hey Donald, could you do us all a favor? We love you. Don’t kill everybody. Because you may need them on the way back.’ ”

But Trump doesn’t see it that way, at least not yet. “I think you have to break the egg initially,” he said, adding that he has to beat his opponents and secure the nomination before he is willing to consider reaching out or easing off in any way.

When it was suggested that he seems comfortable being the Lone Ranger — the famous old-time TV and radio masked vigilante who fought for good outside the law — Trump immediately concurred.

“I am,” he said. “Because I understand life. And I understand how life works. I’m the Lone Ranger.”

Asked how he would build a coalition for the general election, Trump responded that he hasn’t focused on Hillary Clinton yet — an implication that once he starts attacking her, voters would rally to his side.

Pressed on whether it is incumbent on him to tame the anger within his party, Trump said it was, but also: “I bring rage out. I do bring rage out. I always have. I think it was, I don’t know if that’s an asset or a liability, but whatever it is, I do. I also bring great unity out, ultimately. I’ve had many occasions like this, where people have hated me more than any human being they’ve ever met. And after it’s all over, they end up being my friends. And I see that happening here.”

Not with everyone, though. Trump acknowledged that he has been “rough” and “nasty” in debates — so much so that some relationships with his former rivals are likely beyond repair. “One of the problems I have is that when I hit people, I hit them harder maybe than is necessary,” he said. “And it’s almost impossible to reel them back.”

Like Rubio, and former Florida governor Jeb Bush. “Some of the people that I was competing against, I’m not sure they can ever go back to me,” Trump said. “I was very rough on Jeb.” It was “Jeb: Low energy. Little Marco. Names that were devastating.”

Trump seemed unsure whether Cruz would ultimately fit that category. Trump noted that they had gotten along quite well for many months and suggested they could again, but he was also ambivalent about potentially reaching out to Cruz if he beats the senator from Texas for the nomination.

“I’ll never have to call him,” to get his help and support, Trump said, adding that if Cruz did reach out, he would congratulate him. “Because out of 17 people, you beat 16. Okay? Which is pretty good.”

Still, Trump admitted that he needed to do more outreach. “Honestly, a lot of people are calling me, but I should be calling them,” he said. “Because to a certain extent, I should be calling them, they shouldn’t have to be calling me.”

Trump noted that two of his former rivals, Ben Carson and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, are supporting him. As for some others, “They will be loved. At the right time, they will be loved.”

Asked specifically at this uncertain moment in his campaign whether “all politics, all successful politics, is about coalition building,” he responded: “It’s true.”

“I do,” Trump said, his arms folded across his familiar dark suit, white shirt and red tie, as he sat in what he hopes will be his newest trophy hotel. “I agree. I agree.”

Pressed on when that coalition building might begin, he turned to stories about boxing great Muhammad Ali and football coaching icon Vince Lombardi.

Ali, he said, earned respect “through having the goods. You know, so Muhammad Ali is a friend of mine. He’s a good guy. I’ve watched many people over the years. Muhammad Ali would get in the ring, and he’d talk and talk and scream and talk about the ugly bear, and this, that — you know. And then he’d win. And respect is about winning. We don’t win anymore. I see it in my — we don’t win anymore. And he’d win. I’ve seen many fighters that were better than Muhammad Ali, in terms of talking. I’ve seen guys that were so beautiful, so flamboyant, they’d get into the ring — and then they’d get knocked out. And guess what? It’s all gone.”

“The coalition building for me will be when I win. Vince Lombardi, I saw this. He was not a big man. And I was sitting in a place with some very, very tough football players. Big, strong football players. He came in — these are tough cookies — he came in, years ago — and I’ll never forget it, I was a young man. He came in, screaming, into this place. And screaming at one of these guys who was three times bigger than him, literally. And very physical, grabbing him by the shirt. Now, this guy could’ve whisked him away and thrown him out the window in two seconds. This guy — the player — was shaking. A friend of mine. There were four players, and Vince Lombardi walked in. He was angry. And he grabbed — I was a young guy — he grabbed him by the shirt, screaming at him, and the guy was literally. . . . And I said, wow. And I realized the only way Vince Lombardi got away with that was because he won.”

Trump has for months contended that the U.S. economy is in trouble because of what he sees as an overvalued stock market, but his view has grown more pessimistic of late and he is now bearish on investing, to the point of warning Americans against doing so.

“I think we’re sitting on an economic bubble. A financial bubble,” Trump said. He made clear that he was not specifying a sector of the economy but the economy at large and asserted that more bullish forecasts were based on skewed employment numbers and an inflated stock market.

“First of all, we’re not at 5 percent unemployment. We’re at a number that’s probably into the twenties if you look at the real number,” Trump said. “That was a number that was devised, statistically devised to make politicians — and, in particular, presidents — look good. And I wouldn’t be getting the kind of massive crowds that I’m getting if the number was a real number.”

[The bizarre optimism in Donald Trump’s theory of the economy]

Trump’s assertion does not match data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Its analysis of joblessness beyond the unemployed — such as “marginally attached” workers and those who have dropped out of the labor force — was under 10 percent nationally last month.

Trump’s view also runs counter to that of most economists, whose rough consensus is that the U.S. economy has about a 20 percent chance of slipping into recession this year largely because growth remains weak across the world, according to a Wall Street Journal survey of economists in March.

Most economists aren’t overly worried about an imminent downturn because job creation remains strong, workers are starting to see their wages grow and the Federal Reserve remains cautious about shifting away from the low-interest-rate stance that has helped stimulate the economy.

Any number of Trump’s predictions haven’t worked out. In 2012, for instance, he predicted that if Obama were reelected, oil and gas prices would go “through the roof like never before.”

In 2011, Trump said that when Obama’s health-care law took effect, national unemployment would “go even higher” than 9 percent. He was also bullish on real estate investments in the run-up to the housing bust.

Nonetheless, Trump said, “it’s precarious times. Part of the reason it’s precarious is because we are being ripped so badly by other countries. We are being ripped so badly by China. It just never ends. Nobody’s ever going to stop it. And the reason they’re not going to stop it is one of two. They’re either living in a world of the make-believe, or they’re totally controlled by their lobbyists and their special interests.”

“I’m pessimistic,” Trump said. “Unless changes are made. Changes could be made.”

By Trump, for instance: “I can fix it. I can fix it pretty quickly.”

Trump firmly believes that a turnaround on trade would be the necessary beginning of a solution to any looming recession.

He mentions the Trans-Pacific Partnership as one pact he would immediately seek to renegotiate, putting him at odds with congressional Republicans who supported giving the president fast-track trade authority last year.

Coupled with his push on trade would be a “very big tax cut,” which Trump unveiled last September. That proposal increases taxes on the “very rich” but reduces taxes for most taxpayers and would cut the corporate tax rate to 15 percent. To woo companies back to the United States, he would offer an incentive of a deeply discounted rate and would no longer allow corporations to defer taxes on income earned overseas.

In the center of Washington on Thursday, world leaders were attending a summit focused on reducing nuclear stockpiles around the world. A day earlier, Trump had made headlines for saying at an MSNBC forum that he would “possibly” use a nuclear weapon as president. Less than a week before, in an interview with the New York Times, Trump had suggested that Japan and South Korea should consider acquiring nuclear arms as a way of disengaging the United States from its role as a military protector — a proposal that the Obama White House promptly called “catastrophic.”

Told that Obama had said in 2010 that his greatest worry is a nuclear device exploding in an American city, Trump at first took a dig at the president.

“It’s funny. It’s very interesting. I’m surprised he said that because I heard him recently say that the biggest problem we have is global warming, which I totally disagree with. Okay?” Trump said.

But after mocking, Trump turned solemn on the topic, calling the nuclear threat the “single greatest problem” for global peace. “You look at Hiroshima and multiply it times a thousand,” he said, shaking his head.

Trump said if other countries would agree to do so simultaneously, he would be open to eliminating nuclear weapons held by the United States. “If it’s done on an equal basis, absolutely,” he said.

But Trump added a caveat. He said as much as he supports the idea of eliminating nuclear weapons, it may not be feasible in the current climate and with countries such as Russia and Pakistan perhaps unwilling to relinquish their arms since they are “spending a tremendous amount of money.”

“That’s something that in an ideal world is wonderful, but I think it’s not going to happen very easily. I would love to see a nuclear-free world. Will that happen?” Trump said. “Look, Russia right now is spending a tremendous amount of money on redoing their entire nuclear arsenal.”

Turning to Russia’s leader, Vladimir Putin, Trump said he continues to appreciate praise from Putin, even though his human-rights record and incursions into Ukraine and elsewhere have alarmed many. “I want Putin to respect our country, okay?” Trump said. “I think he respects strength. Okay? I think Putin respects strength. And I’ve said it before, I think I will get along well with Putin. Now you never know. I don’t say that — only a fool would say, ‘I will,’ but I feel that I will get along well with Putin.”

After talk of Putin and strength, Trump was read a few lines from Jeffrey Goldberg’s interview with Obama in the Atlantic, which quotes Obama as saying, “Real power means you can get what you want without having to exert violence.”

Trump listened carefully and said: “Well, I think there’s a certain truth to that. I think there’s a certain truth to that. Real power is through respect. Real power is, I don’t even want to use the word, fear. But you know, our military is very sadly depleted. You look at what’s going on with respect to our military, and it’s depleted from all of the cuts,” Trump said, noting that he frequently sees advertisements for former U.S. military bases being available for purchase.

“I don’t want people to be afraid. I want them to respect our country,” he said. “Right now, they don’t respect our country.”

Trump said the United States should not retreat from the world but should reevaluate its relationships and role in many international groups and alliances, including NATO.

“First of all, it’s obsolete,” he said. “Our big threat today is terrorism. Okay? And NATO’s not really set up for terrorism. NATO is set up for the Soviet Union more than anything else. And now you don’t have the Soviet Union.”

But for Trump, NATO, Putin, nuclear weapons, all of that is for later. For now, against mounting calls from friends, loved ones and fellow Republicans, remains the fight.

“My natural inclination is to win,” Trump said. “And after I win, I will be so presidential that you won’t even recognize me. You’ll be falling asleep, you’ll be so bored.”

Jim Tankersley and Evelyn M. Duffy contributed to this report.",1
2089,Climate change: What you can do (Opinion),"Susan Goldberg is the editor in chief of National Geographic magazine, which dedicated its entire November issue to climate change. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author.

(CNN) When National Geographic first sent some of the world's best photographers and mapmakers on assignment more than 125 years ago, we didn't set to capture the ""before"" photos for an imperiled planet. But that's exactly what happened.

Over the decades, from the Matterhorn to the Great Barrier Reef to the West Antarctic Ice Sheet, these intrepid explorers became the visual record-keepers of climate change.

Today, that record is alarmingly clear. Since the late 19th century, Earth's average temperature has increased 1.5 degrees Fahrenheit, melting glaciers and raising sea levels.

As President Barack Obama noted this year, ""shrinking ice caps forced National Geographic to make the biggest change in its atlas since the Soviet Union broke apart.""

Meanwhile, roughly a fifth of the Amazon rainforest , which stores a quarter of the world's carbon found on land, has been destroyed over the past 40 years. In 1980, scientists logged 291 ""catastrophic"" floods, droughts, storms and other weather events; last year, that number tripled to 904.

Humans are a highly adaptive species. Just ask Greenland's Inuits who, in the words of one anthropologist, ""went from subsistence hunting to Facebook in less than a century."" But our adaptability has limits.

Climate change is affecting nearly everything. It's displacing entire cultures, posing challenges to our health, weakening our economies and threatening our national security.

The question we face as journalists who chronicle the state of the planet is stark: Will we write a new chapter in the progress of humankind? Or will we write the obituary of Earth?

As world leaders meet in Paris this month for the U.N. Climate Change Conference, it appears, thankfully, that the years of dithering and denial finally may be behind us. While some leading presidential candidates continue to question the science and impact of climate change, recent polls show that three-quarters of Americans now acknowledge that climate change is happening.

It is critical that we build on this momentum.

For all the talk of alternative energy technologies, ultimately, the most important source of energy is all of us. That's why all of us -- individuals, businesses and governments -- have a responsibility to fix the problems we have caused.

Take personal consumption. It's easy to assume that one person can't affect our warming world, and that's part of what makes climate change such a daunting issue to tackle. But one person can make a difference.

Leaving your car at home twice a week can cut 2 tons of carbon emissions annually. If the average American family did laundry with cold water, that could save 1,600 pounds of CO2 a year. As for all the phone chargers and other electronics that we plug in and don't use? Those consume the equivalent of a dozen power plants , meaning that simply switching on and off a power strip could save your household up to $200 a year while also helping to save the planet. It just goes to show that when it comes to climate change, there's no such thing as chump change.

At the same time, scientists, business leaders and entrepreneurs alike are realizing the benefits of a green economy, whether it's major U.S. corporations saving millions by cutting energy use to nascent businesses selling solar lights to off-grid vendors in India and Myanmar.

Currently, just 13% of electricity in the United States comes from renewable technology. But if American industry truly commits to this undertaking, the United States could be to the Age of Climate Change what we were for the Information Age -- the driver and beneficiary of a revolutionary economy.

Finally, governments need to galvanize a national and international response to this defining challenge of our time. Whoever takes the oath of office in 2017 will not only need to negotiate and adhere to strict limits on carbon emissions, but he or she will need to encourage America's transformation into a sustainable society.

Already, we've seen countries such as Germany lead the way, generating more than a quarter of its electricity from renewable sources. In the United States, policymakers at every level will be responsible for upgrading outdated infrastructure, building smarter cities and spurring the development of wind, solar and other renewable technologies.

The message of magazines past and future is clear. One way or another, we inhabitants of Earth need to cool it. The choice -- and the opportunity -- is ours.",1
2189,Obama: Gov. Scott Walker needs to ‘bone up’ on foreign policy,"President Obama and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker traded barbs Monday after the president suggested that the likely Republican presidential candidate ""bone up on foreign policy.""

Obama made the remarks in an interview with NPR published Monday, responding to a question from reporter Steve Inskeep about Walker's vow to undo a nuclear pact with Iran on his first day in the White House.

In defending his administration's tentative framework with Iran over its nuclear program, Obama told NPR that he is confident that it does not need congressional approval. He added that he hopes lawmakers ""won't start calling to question the capacity of the executive branch of the United States to enter into agreements with other countries. If that starts being questioned, that's going to be a problem for our friends and that's going to embolden our enemies.""

Obama added: ""And it would be a foolish approach to take, and, you know, perhaps Mr. Walker, after he's taken some time to bone up on foreign policy, will feel the same way.""

Walker, who has been eager to establish his foreign policy chops ahead of a likely bid for the GOP presidential nomination next year, didn't take long to fight back with a string of Twitter messages.

Walker has been overshadowed the past two weeks as a pair of rivals — Sens. Ted Cruz (Tex.) and Rand Paul (Ky.) — announced their candidacies for the Republican nomination. The governor has not impressed many of the party's leaders with his knowledge of international affairs, drawing mockery last month for refusing to talk about foreign policy on a trip to London and then for comparing his experience battling labor protesters to taking on Islamic State terrorists.

Obama has been eager to sell the Iran nuclear framework to a skeptical Congress as his administration seeks to finalize a deal without lawmakers approving additional sanctions on Tehran that could scuttle the talks.",1
2258,Watch: Obama criticizes Kenya's president on gay rights as they stand right by each other,"President Barack Obama forcefully disagreed with Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta on gay rights as they stood right by each other in a joint news conference on Saturday.

""With respect to the rights of gays and lesbians, I've been consistent all across Africa on this,"" Obama said. ""I believe in the principle of treating people equally under the law, and that they are deserving of equal protection under the law, and that the state should not discriminate against people based on their sexual orientation.""

Kenyatta responded later on, saying LGBTQ rights is just one of the issues that he and Obama disagree on, CNN's Kristen Holmes and Eugene Scott reported. ""Kenya and the United States, we share so many values,"" he said. ""But there are some things that we must admit we don't share — our culture, our societies don't accept. It's very difficult for us to be able to impose on people that which they themselves do not accept.""

A Supreme Court decision recently legalized same-sex marriages across the US. But many countries in Africa, including Kenya, still ban same-sex relations altogether. Other countries punish same-sex relations with the death penalty.

Here's a thorough breakdown of national laws from the International Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans and Intersex Association, which is now slightly outdated since it's missing the Supreme Court decision affirming marriage equality in the US (click to enlarge):

So while the US is making great strides on LGBTQ rights, much of the rest of the world lags far behind — sometimes dangerously so for LGBTQ people.",1
524,Obama’s plan to boost defense budget points to brewing national security debate,"The battle over the budget that President Obama will submit Monday is emerging as a preview of the 2016 presidential election debate on national security, an area that for now appears to be the greatest vulnerability of Obama and the Democrats.

The president will ask Congress to break through its own spending caps — commonly referred to as “sequestration” — and allocate about $561 billion for Pentagon expenditures, about $38 billion more than is currently allowed under the law.

There’s broad consensus in both parties that the military needs more money to modernize its forces and meet its responsibilities in a world that seems to have grown more chaotic and dangerous in the past 12 months. It’s unclear, however, how Congress and the White House can come to an agreement on where to find the additional funds.

Even if both parties share the blame, a cash-strapped Pentagon could still provide an opening for Republicans — whose standing on national security issues was damaged by the Iraq war — to make an argument that they are the party best positioned to keep the country safe.

“A lot of Republicans see opportunity in an election that’s a referendum on Obama’s foreign policy,” said Danielle Pletka, vice president for foreign and defense policy studies at the conservative American Enterprise Institute. A presidential election featuring Hillary Rodham Clinton, who served as Obama’s secretary of state, would raise the profile of international issues.

Democrats, though, are determined to prevent the re­emergence of their pre-Iraq-war reputation as being the weaker party on defense.

The impasse over the defense budget has left the Pentagon’s top generals complaining that the spending caps, which have been in place since 2013, are damaging the military at a time when the country can least afford it. The list of new threats includes Islamic State fighters, who last year seized major cities in Iraq and Syria, a Russian-backed insurrection in eastern Ukraine and the collapse of the government in Yemen.

“The global security environment is more dangerous, and sequestration is still on the books as the law,” Gen. Martin Dempsey, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said last week. “It’s absolutely crazy for this country.”

Obama has in recent months been able to cite a resurgent economy, strong job growth and a low unemployment rate as proof that his economic policies are delivering for the nation. “Because of the policies that this administration put in place, our economy has bounced back stronger than ever,” White House press secretary Josh Earnest told reporters Friday.

The public perception of the president’s handling of national security matters, amid the growing unrest in the Middle East and Ukraine, has not been nearly as strong. “We’ve had an interesting and, I would acknowledge, up-and-down year with respect to the perception of our foreign policy,” said a senior administration official who was not authorized to speak publicly ahead of the formal budget announcement.

In recent years, Republicans and Democrats have been able to blunt the worst effects of the budget caps by cobbling together short-term deals that modestly increased defense and domestic spending by finding offsets — essentially, cuts to other programs or fee increases. But each year that the budget caps are in place, it gets harder to find new savings to meet the Pentagon’s needs, lawmakers and White House officials said.

Republicans have shown little willingness to raise taxes to cover the costs of a bigger military budget. The White House, meanwhile, is not likely to back a budget compromise that would boost defense spending at the expense of prized domestic programs that have also been slashed in recent years.

“It looks like the administration is trying, but I don’t think the fundamentals are there for a compromise,” said Kathleen Hicks, who served as a top official in the Pentagon under Obama and now is a senior vice president at the Center for Strategic and International Studies.

Republicans, long divided between deficit and defense hawks, have not made additional spending on defense a top priority in recent years. But as the economy improves and the presidential election nears, they appear to be coalescing around the need for more Pentagon spending “for no reason other than expediency,” Hicks said.

“They’ll have to move to the center” on defense spending, she said. “And I do think world events are pushing them in that direction.”

It is unclear how hard the Obama administration is willing to fight for more military spending. Although the president’s blueprint includes a big boost for the Pentagon, some in the president’s party have questioned his commitment on the issue. The president did not mention the need for more military spending in his State of the Union address or in a major foreign policy speech at the U.S. Military Academy in late May— an omission that some hawkish Democrats found “worrisome,” Hicks said.

White House officials, though, insist that a failure to provide relief to the Pentagon would be devastating to the country’s military and its national security and that Obama will not accept a budget that carries the caps forward.

The promises of more money from Congress and the White House have yet to ease concerns in the Pentagon. The top brass have been complaining for years that the budget caps have forced them to pare back training, slash troop levels and gut their modernization programs.

Now their biggest worry is that lawmakers and the public have stopped listening to them on the issue and, absent a major crisis, will not fix the problem.

“At what point do we lose our soldiers’ trust, the trust that we will provide them the right resources, the training and equipment?” said Gen. Ray Odierno, the Army chief of staff.

The military’s case for more money also has been hindered by the turmoil at the top of the Defense Department.

Former defense secretary Chuck ­Hagel, who was essentially fired by Obama in November, had little background in Pentagon budget issues and generally seemed overwhelmed by the job, military officials said. Obama’s pick to replace him, Ashton B. Carter, has not been confirmed by the Senate. He has a long background serving at top levels of the Pentagon and is expected to be a more forceful and articulate advocate for lifting the budget caps.

Meanwhile, liberal Democrats, eager to fend off the Republican critique that excessive domestic spending and government waste have caused the Pentagon’s budget woes, cite the supporters of the 2003 Iraq war as the real problem.

“These are the same guys who voted for a war in Iraq and forgot how it was going to be paid for,” said Sen. Bernard Sanders (I-Vt.), a possible Democratic presidential candidate. “You know how it’s paid for? It’s paid for on the credit card. We don’t know how much it will cost by the time we take care of the last veteran . . . $3 trillion or $4 trillion. They weren’t worried about that.”

Missy Ryan and Steven Mufson contributed to this report.",1
5147,What Trump and Clinton are looking for in a VP,"Donald Trump is looking for a veep with the political experience Trump lacks, while Hillary Clinton is looking to diversify the ticket.

Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton (l.) stands with Sen. Elizabeth Warren at a campaign rally in Cincinnati, Ohio, June 27. According to campaign insiders, Senator Warren is on the shortlist to be Mrs. Clinton's running mate.

According to insiders, Donald Trump wants a running mate who has what he lacks – political experience –while Hillary Clinton is putting a premium on competence and diversity.

Yet the presidential rivals are running strikingly similar processes for tapping their vice presidential picks: relying on prominent Washington lawyers to comb through the background of top contenders, seeking guidance from a small circle of trusted advisers and family members, and weighing their personal chemistry with prospects.

Mr. Trump, a wealthy businessman who has never held public office, is mulling a small number of political veterans. He's seriously considering former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions, and Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, according to people with direct knowledge of the vetting process.

""We're vetting a lot of good people, and we have a lot of interest in people that want to leave high positions and do this,"" Trump said Thursday.

The right VP candidate could help bring party leaders, Republican voters, and big donors into the Trump fold, all people the campaign desperately needs ahead of the general election.... With more than 60 percent of voters feeling unfavorable about Trump at the end of June, the right VP pick could help voters feel more positive about the Republican ticket.

But in light of their own low favorability ratings, Ms. Hinckley wrote, ""Gingrich and Christie might not be the ones to do it.""

The presumptive Republican nominee appears less concerned about diversity, considering only white men over age 50 for the role. His campaign chairman said that Trump is not interested in choosing a woman or minority for the sake of appealing to a particular segment of the electorate.

Former Secretary of State Clinton has said she wants a running mate who is well-prepared to become president, and Democrats say she's giving priority to diversity and has been weighing women, Hispanic candidates, and black candidates — a nod to the voting blocs Democrats need to win in presidential elections.

Top contenders for the Democratic ticket include Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren, one of Washington's most prominent female lawmakers; Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julian Castro, a telegenic 41-year-old Hispanic politician; and Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine, a white man over 50 from a swing state.

New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker, one of two black senators, was also being considered, though it's unclear whether he is still in the running.

A running mate rarely shifts the trajectory of a presidential race, but it's still among the most important decisions nominees face during the general election, and their choice is viewed as a reflection of their priorities and values.

Clinton has veteran Democratic lawyer James Hamilton overseeing her selection process, with input from longtime confidants John Podesta and Cheryl Mills. Clinton is expected to begin meeting with candidates herself next week, according to two Democrats with knowledge of the process.

Given Clinton's decades in the public eye, her advisers don't expect her selection of a running mate to change her electoral prospects significantly. But one Clinton aide said it was important that her running mate help tell the ""story"" of her candidacy.

Clinton has increasingly said her campaign is about Americans being ""stronger together"" — a phrase intended to convey the importance of a diverse country fighting for common goals.

Aides who have worked in senior White House posts under President Obama and former President Bill Clinton have also been emphasizing the need for personal chemistry, noting that a strained relationship between a president and vice president can be destructive in the West Wing.

Clinton and Trump face fast-approaching deadlines as they evaluate their choices.

Trump has said he plans to announce his running mate at the Republican National Convention, which kicks off in Cleveland in just over two weeks — but the campaign has also considered pushing up the date. A person familiar with Trump's decision-making process said the one-time reality television star is weighing how to maximize the suspense of his choice. He might do it showbiz-style at the convention.

Trump has spent weeks discussing his options with his adult children, business associates, and even friends from his country clubs. A.B. Culvahouse, a lawyer who has overseen vice presidential vetting for previous GOP nominees, sent vetting paperwork to top contenders late this week.

While the businessman has made clear he'll tap a political veteran for the post, those close to him say that's not the only element.

""He's not going to pick someone he doesn't personally like,"" according to one person with knowledge of the process. Like others who spoke to the Associated Press on the condition of anonymity, they were not authorized to discuss the vice presidential process publicly.

The businessman has a close relationship with most of the vice presidential finalists. He's less familiar with Governor Pence, though Marc Lotter, a spokesman for the Indiana governor, has said the two plan to meet this weekend.

In choosing a political veteran, Trump would not be sending a message only to voters, but to the numerous GOP leaders who are wary of his candidacy.

""That would soothe some concerns — but not all of them,"" said Kevin Madden, a former adviser to Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican nominee.

Clinton is expected to wait until after the Republican convention to announce her running mate, allowing her to use her pick to distract from any boost Trump receives from the GOP gathering. She and her running mate will be nominated at the Democratic convention in Philadelphia the last week in July.

Lemire reported from Erie, Penn. Associated Press writer Steve Peoples contributed to this report.",1
1783,The GOP’s nuclear option for Donald Trump: Why the only way to beat him is so scary,"But before you really devote yourself to purging this cherisher of women from your mind, do yourself a favor and read Evan Osnos’s recent New Yorker piece on the “loose alliance” of scared and angry Americans who are driving the Trump phenomenon. As Osnos understands, Trump’s supporters, who are part of a nativist resurgence throughout Western politics, are more important than the man himself. And regardless of Trump 2016’s ultimate fate, these people aren’t going anywhere.

I’ve written previously about the Trumpites (or Trumpeteers, if you prefer) and how they’re defined as much by their authoritarianism as their ethno-nationalism. But while those characteristics are certainly present among the people Osnos spoke to for his report, another trait jumps out, too. And it’s one that helps explain why the Republican Party establishment is so out of touch, and so incapable of defeating Trump in a zero-sum battle for influence.

The trait is a lack of belief. Not in God or country, both of which Trump supporters rather enjoy, but rather in the fundamental legitimacy of American society’s most powerful and entrenched institutions; the government, the banks, the media, the academy, etc. Because aside from one extremely notable exception (which we’ll talk about in a bit), there’s not a single major institution of American political life that these folks wouldn’t like to see Trump conquer — the Republican Party itself very much included.

For a sense of how this plays out in the real world, think of the now-infamous opening question of the GOP’s first top-tier presidential debate. In truth, the question was more of an order: Any candidate who would not promise to support the GOP in 2016, regardless of the candidate, was asked to raise their hand. The request was ostensibly directed toward all of the debate participants, but everyone knew its real target was the only candidate who hadn’t ruled out a third-party run: Trump.

The question was an attempt to bring Trump to heel by leveraging the Republican Party’s institutional prestige against him. The goal was simple: expose Trump as a bad team-player. And if we lived in a time when party loyalty mattered, it probably would’ve worked. But the devoted reactionaries who now comprise the GOP base don’t trust — much less like — the “RINOs” among them. The patent anti-Trump bias of the Fox News/Republican Party borg only made them love him more.

That’s certainly the impression you get reading Osnos’s piece, or this Time report on a recent focus group run by Frank Luntz. One woman tells Luntz that she is “frustrated beyond belief.” She says she feels like she’s been “lied to,” because despite Republican gains in the 2014 midterms, “[n]othing’s getting better.” Her sentiment was widely and deeply shared. “We’ve got to show the Republicans that we’ve had it with them,” another woman said. “They treat us like crap,” she added. “That’s why we want Trump.”

It’s hard to imagine there’s anything the Republican Party can do in this climate to win the favor of Trump’s supporters. But state Republican Party efforts in North Carolina, South Carolina, and Virginia to “compel” Trump to swear loyalty to the GOP are especially doomed. Such an ultimatum is not only “[t]he kind of thing that could make [Trump] bolt the GOP,” as ex-Trump advisor Roger Stone tweeted. It’s the kind of thing that could make Trump supporters in those states vote for a third-party. Or simply not vote. So the GOP is in quite a bind. If it goes after Trump, it will only bring him and his supporters closer together. But if the Republican Party tries to ignore him, or allow him to transform it into an American version of UKIP, then it will no longer be able to serve its fundamental purpose of winning elective office for Republican candidates — especially the ones aiming for the White House. And if you’re looking at this from the perspective of the GOP as an institution, that’s unacceptable. For conservatives trying to win the Trumpites back to the GOP, it seems, the Holy Grail would align the party with an institution that has even more gravitas and authority than Donald Trump. And as I said earlier, polling suggests there is at least one institution that fits the bill. Using it as a wedge to separate Trump from his admirers, however, would raise some major ethical questions. For example, what if the cure for Trumpism is somehow even worse? Because the institution in question is the military — which Americans trust far more than the media, organized religion, and the rest of the government — that’s a real concern. It was when he spoke of the armed forces that Luntz’s focus group adored Trump the most. “[T]he military is going to be so strong,” he promised, “nobody is going to mess around with the United States.” He got nearly unanimous 100s for that boast, apparently; “a seldom occurrence among focus groups,” according to Time. Perhaps the world should be thankful, then, that there is no war hero or celebrity general for the GOP to task with destroying Trump. (Thanks, Paula!) But if we assume that Trump is succeeding mainly because he reaches voters who felt otherwise ignored, and not because of any extraordinary political talents, then there’s no reason to think the problem Trump represents will go away once he does. It could just as easily come back again and again and again, each time in a slightly different form. And if the GOP eventually does find a military figure who is acceptable to the establishment while simultaneously bringing the Trumpites back into the party tent? Well, then there may be a time in the not-so-distant future when we’ll pine for the relatively benign and innocent days of the Summer of Trump.",1
171,Checking a claim that 'nobody did anything wrong' on Benghazi,"As part of a partnership with Factcheck.org, a look at Hillary Clinton's recent claim regarding the various congressional investigations into the 2012 Benghazi attacks. Clinton claimed that the seven investigations have found that 'I and nobody did anything wrong.' Did they really?

Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said all of the government investigations into the terrorist attacks on U.S. diplomatic facilities in Benghazi concluded that ""nobody did anything wrong."" That's not exactly accurate.

An independent accountability board appointed by Clinton found ""systemic failures and leadership and management deficiencies at senior levels."" On the day the report came out, four State Department employees were placed on administrative leave, and all four were later reassigned.",1
736,Who's winning Indiana? It's anybody's guess,"The election in 232 photos, 43 numbers and 131 quotes, from the two candidates at the center of it all.",1
4283,"Palin’s endorsement the latest prize as Trump, Cruz battle for conservatives","The escalating feud between Donald Trump and Ted Cruz has expanded into a fight for the backing of the GOP’s anti-establishment establishment, with both seeking validation from figures with immense influence on the right.

Trump unfurled a highly anticipated endorsement from former Republican vice-presidential nominee Sarah Palin while campaigning in Iowa on Tuesday, giving him a jolt among the party’s restless base. Palin’s endorsement came a day after Trump received the effusive praise of evangelical leader Jerry Falwell Jr., whose views could help Trump among religious voters.

But other conservative voices, many of whom had cheered Trump in recent months, have rallied to Cruz’s side. On talk radio, Mark Levin and Glenn Beck have fumed over Trump’s recent questions about Cruz’s Canadian birth. In Cruz, they see a movement leader who champions their values, whereas they say Trump is an interloper who lacks an ideological core.

The frenzied courting of conservatives is testament to their power in shaping a contest that is being dominated by two Washington outsiders. Neither has won the backing of a single governor or senator — and it’s unclear that either man even wants to. In this race, it is the media titans, personalities and activists who have long stood on the GOP’s fringe who now have all the cachet.

“You need a scorecard to keep track,” said Craig Shirley, a conservative historian. “Talk radio and bloggers — anyone outside of the system is at the center of the party, and we’re witnessing in real time the shift away from the Republican establishment in deciding who the nominee will be.”

Palin on Tuesday described Trump as someone who could change the status quo in American politics, and she praised his values as a father and community leader.

“He builds big things, things that touch the sky,” she said as Trump looked on, glowingly. “He has spent his life looking up.”

Of the GOP leadership and critics of Trump, she said: “They are so busted. . . . What the heck would the establishment know about conservatism?”

After Palin finished, Trump waved and put his arm around her. “We’re going to give them hell,” he said as the crowd roared.

The value of Palin’s endorsement was hotly debated Tuesday, with Trump supporters saying her popularity in Iowa will give the reality-TV star a significant lift and Cruz backers playing down her impact.

Barry Bennett, Ben Carson’s former campaign manager, sided with those who thought it was consequential. “I think Sarah Palin actually helps Trump a lot because she’s showing them that it’s okay,” Bennett said. “Whatever lack of credentials he has, he’s making some inroads into places where we didn’t think he’d play.”

One key Cruz ally said Palin could help Trump win over women. “He’s a thrice-married, non-churchgoing billionaire, and she gives him credibility with conservative women,” said Kellyanne Conway, who manages a Cruz super PAC. “It’s a net positive.”

Palin’s move came as a surprise to some in her orbit, given her friendly rapport with both Trump and Cruz. In 2011, she dined with Trump at a pizza shop in New York as she mulled her own White House bid, and, according to Republicans familiar with her thinking, she has been increasingly enthusiastic about Trump as he has surged in the current race. Their circles also overlap: Trump’s political director, Michael Glassner, is a former Palin aide.

Aside from Palin, Trump’s campaign is backed by prominent conservatives such as activist Phyllis Schlafly and radio host Michael Savage. Willie Robertson, a star of the “Duck Dynasty” ­reality-TV show, is with Trump, too.

Last week, it was Cruz who won the support of another “Duck Dynasty” star, when Phil Robertson signed on. The senator from Texas is also backed by longtime activists such as L. Brent Bozell III and Richard Viguerie, social conservative leader James Dobson, and actor James Woods.

It is on talk radio, especially, where Cruz has built support, which has proved critical now that Trump has taken to attacking him relentlessly. Most of these drive-time and lunch-hour heroes to rank-and-file Republicans were initially complimentary of Trump’s focus on illegal immigration last year, but they have since soured.

“I’m sick and tired of stupid talk!” Levin said Monday on his program. “This is why I’m sick and tired of stupid issues! I didn’t spend 40 years of my life — 45 to be exact — to reach a point where we actually might take back the White House with somebody who is conservative, whomever that is, to be discussing birther issues!”

On Saturday, Beck will appear in Waterloo, Iowa, at a rally hosted by a pro-Cruz super PAC. Those who are planning to be with Beck onstage attest to Cruz’s strength on the right in the state: Rep. Steve King, conservative author David Barton and Christian organizer Bob Vander Plaats. Cruz is banking on that deep goodwill, carefully built up over the course of the 2013 government shutdown and the 2014 elections, to sustain him.

Trump and Cruz had spent most of the campaign praising each other, but they have switched to attack mode ahead of the Iowa caucuses on Feb. 1.

Trump’s case against Cruz is more temperamental than ideological. He has called the Texan “nasty” and disliked by his Senate colleagues, and has wondered aloud, repeatedly, whether Cruz’s birth in Canada leaves him vulnerable to lawsuits over his citizenship.

“When you talk about temperament, Ted has got a rough temperament,” Trump said Tuesday in Winterset, Iowa, ahead of the Palin event. “You can’t call people liars on the Senate floor, when they are your leader.”

Cruz has a more understated approach. He mostly avoids taking personal shots at Trump and keeps his emphasis on the policy differences between them, pointing out where the businessman has sided with Democrats, in particular.

“If you’re looking for someone who’s a dealmaker, who will capitulate even more to the Democrats and give in to Chuck Schumer and Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi, then perhaps Donald Trump is your man,” Cruz told reporters Tuesday at a stop in Barnstead, N.H.

Palin’s endorsement, which came after days of teasing by Trump’s campaign and widespread speculation on cable TV, riled the right in the hours before it was made official.

Appearing Tuesday morning on CNN, Cruz spokesman Rick Tyler called Palin’s expected nod a “blow” to her reputation because “she would be endorsing someone who’s held progressive views all their life.”

“I think if it was Sarah Palin — let me just say, I’d be deeply disappointed,” he said.

Supporters of Palin and Trump responded with fury. In a blog post, Palin’s eldest daughter, Bristol, wrote that Tyler’s remark “makes me hope my mom does endorse Trump.”

By the afternoon, after Sarah Palin’s endorsement, Cruz felt compelled to clarify that Tyler’s view did not reflect his own. “I love Sarah Palin. Sarah Palin is fantastic,” he told reporters. “I will always remain a big, big fan of Sarah Palin’s.”

The drama Tuesday was not limited to the right. Fault lines were beginning to be drawn by members of the GOP leadership as they grappled with the possibility of having the race come down to Trump or Cruz, rather than a candidate who is a more natural fit with donors and party brass.

Speaking at an Iowa energy summit, Gov. Terry Branstad (R) called Cruz an “opponent of renewable fuels” who should be defeated.

Trump reacted gleefully on Twitter: “Wow, the highly respected Governor of Iowa just stated that ‘Ted Cruz must be defeated.’ Big shocker! People do not like Ted.”

Branstad’s position reflects a broader unease with Cruz among Republican leaders. In Trump, most party leaders see a candidate who is unpredictable and controversial, but far less ideological than Cruz and, therefore, more likely to work with them. Several have reached out to Trump in recent weeks as their preferred candidates have stalled in the polls.

Cruz was dismissive of Branstad and said the development signals his own stature as the race’s only true conservative outsider. “It is no surprise that the establishment is in full panic mode,” Cruz told reporters Tuesday.

Rush Limbaugh, who has not picked a side in the Trump-Cruz standoff, said on his program Tuesday that “Trump is trying to position Cruz as angry, unstable, can’t get along with anybody, and thus will not be able to do deals. . . . Cruz is trying to highlight Trump’s past liberalism, ‘New York values,’ what have you. . . . Now, we’ll see if this works.”

Jenna Johnson and Jose DelReal in Iowa, and Philip Rucker, David Weigel and Katie Zezima in New Hampshire contributed to this report.",1
3691,Unravelling Chattanooga: What do we know about shooter?,"The man authorities say killed four Marines in Chattanooga, Tenn., Thursday has no known connections to terrorist organizations and was seen by his peers as 'normal.'

A mugshot of Muhammod Youssuf Abdulazeez from a DUI charge in April in Hamilton County is seen in this image provided by the Hamilton County Sheriff's Office Thursday. Investigators on Thursday sought to determine what led a 24-year-old gunman to open fire at two military offices in Chattanooga, Tenn., killing four Marines in an attack officials said could be an act of domestic terrorism. Abdulazeez, identified as the shooter by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, was shot to death in the rampage that also injured three people.

Authorities say the man they believe killed four Marines in Chattanooga, Tenn., on Thursday had not previously been on their radar, and that no connection has been found yet tying him to an international terrorist organization.

Muhammad Youssef Abdulazeez was a 24-year-old, Kuwait-born, naturalized American. Officials and witnesses say Mr. Abdulazeez opened fire on a military recruiting center and a Navy-Marine training center several miles away. Three people were wounded, in addition to the four Marines killed.

Abdulazeez was also killed during the attack, by what a US official said was a shot fired by Chattanooga police.

Details on the motives for Abdulazeez’s attack and on the ""numerous weapons"" used in the attack are still unknown.

""We are looking at every possible avenue, whether it was terrorism, whether it's domestic, international, or whether it was a simple criminal act,"" FBI agent Ed Reinhold said.

The FBI issued the following statement Thursday:

The FBI’s Knoxville Field Office, along with the Chattanooga Police Department and other law enforcement partners, are working jointly to investigate today’s shootings at a military recruitment center and a reserve center in Chattanooga, Tennessee in which four individuals were killed and three injured. The shooter, Mohammod Youssuf Abdulazeez, 24, is also deceased. While it would be premature to speculate on the motives of the shooter at this time, we will conduct a thorough investigation of this tragedy and provide updates as they are available.

Marilyn Hutcheson, who works across the street from where one of the attacks took place, says she heard a barrage of gunfire begin around 11 am. The incident lasted about 20 minutes, she said.

""I couldn't even begin to tell you how many,"" Ms. Hutcheson told The Associated Press. ""It was rapid-fire, like pow-pow-pow-pow-pow, so quickly. The next thing I knew, there were police cars coming from every direction.""

Abdulazeez, an electrical engineering graduate from the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga, had been popular among his peers, says Hussnain Javid, who attended both high school and college with Abdulazeez.

“He was very outgoing,” Mr. Javid told AP. “Everyone knew of him.”

Another high school peer, Greg Raymond called Abdulazeez “creative” and “light-minded,” but disagreed that he was popular.

""He was a really calm, smart, and cool person who joked around. Like me, he wasn't very popular so we always kind of got along. He seemed like a really normal guy,"" Mr. Raymond told AP.

Residents in the neighborhood where authorities believed he lived also said they did not know Abdulazeez or his family very well.

The attacks come at a time when the US military and law enforcement officials have warned about “lone wolves” threatening domestic targets, as well as during the month of Ramadan, when the Islamic State has threatened intensified violence and has encouraged extremist attacks in the United States.

Evidence connecting Abdulazeez to the Islamic State has not been found, but the SITE Intelligence Group, which tracks extremist groups, said Abdulazeez wrote online Monday that “life is short and bitter” and that Muslims should take opportunities to “submit to Allah.”

President Obama said Thursday that a prompt investigation would ensue, and that the White House had told the Pentagon to keep military installations vigilant.

""It is a heartbreaking circumstance for these individuals who served our country with great valor to be killed in this fashion,"" Mr. Obama said.

This report contains material from Reuters and the Associated Press.",1
2627,'There appear to be no rules anymore',"There is an path for Democrats to regain the presidency — and it does not run through Ohio, Michigan or Wisconsin.",1
2237,"University of Missouri, please immediately fire employees who taunted media","To watch the video of photographer Tim Tai getting pushed around by a turf-protecting scrum of protesters at the University of Missouri is to experience constitutional angst.

“You don’t have a right to take our photos,” said one protester at the university’s Mel Carnahan Quadrangle following the news that University system President Tim Wolfe and chancellor R. Bowen Loftin would resign amid an uproar about racial issues on campus.

“I do have the right to take photos,” replied Tai, a 20-year-old senior at the university who was shooting the proceedings on Monday on assignment for ESPN.com. A former staff photographer for the Columbia Missourian, Tai was forced by circumstances to double-task as he attempted to take photographs and provide civics lessons.

Following the announcement of the resignations, Tai chronicled a celebration including the protest group Concerned Student 1950. After 10 minutes or so of jubilation, said Tai in an interview with the Erik Wemple Blog, protesters decided that it was time to push the media away from an encampment of tents on the quad’s lawn. ” ‘Media, get off the grass,’ ” said the organizers, as Tai recalls.

Yet he wasn’t backing up. He wanted some good shots of the tents, and that’s where the trouble started.

“You’re an unethical reporter; you do not respect our space.”

Those were just a few of the taunts that Tai received as he attempted to do his work. His references to a certain founding document persuaded precisely none of his opponents. “Ma’am, the First Amendment protects your right to be here and mine,” he said. At one point, Tai tangled with a protester about the absence of any law proscribing his presence on this disputed grass. “Forget a law — how about humanity?” protested the protester.

So much for the ideal of the American collegiate quad as a locus of tolerance and free expression. Time to usher in a new ethic of intimidation, a twist that carries some irony at the Columbia, Mo., campus. Back in February 1987, 58 protesters seeking the university’s divestiture from companies that do business in South Africa were arrested for trespassing on the quad. They were dropped in all cases but one, who secured an acquittal on the grounds that the quad was a highly public space.

“The people who were trying to impede the photographer, in effect, were trying to impede his rights to be there,” says Sandy Davidson, a curators’ teaching professor at the University of Missouri school of journalism. Nor was Tai intent on peering into the tents with his lenses. “I was not trying to get into the tents,” says Tai. “I wanted a picture of the tents, placing it in the quad … because that’s part of the story.” Regarding the restraint that the protesters were demanding, Tai felt this wasn’t the time. “I think … there are times when it’s best for photographers to put their camera down,” he says. However: “In this situation, this was national news, breaking news … at a public university and the students involved have become public figures.”

Upon checking his photos, Tai realized that the obstruction worked. “They didn’t turn out well because all the hands were in the way, and you know …,” he says. Were he to be given a redo, he’d likely just move to another spot. “At the moment, I felt I had to stand up for being there,” he says.

Tom Warhover, executive editor of the Columbia Missourian, said the Tai video aligns with recent events. “The protesters all week have asked people kind of to stay out of the tent area proper, if you will, and so we’ve had many confrontations because it is a public space and … other students have a right to be there,” says Warhover, who approves of how Tai carried himself: “I’m pretty proud of Tim’s actions, both standing up for himself and his job but doing it in a way that didn’t provoke.” Through his travels, Tai has learned that on one hand, the protesters “want to protect idea of privacy and protect a safe space where not they’re not overwhelmed with the attention. On the other hand, they want to control the narrative themselves because they feel the media has not treated minority or black stories accurately.”

There’s no excuse for protesters to push a photographer in a public square; there’s no excuse for protesters to appeal for respect while failing to respect; there’s no excuse for protesters to dis the same rights that allow them to do their thing.

And there’s even less excuse for faculty and staff members at the University of Missouri to engage in some of this very same behavior. In his chat with this blog, Tai cited the involvement of Richard J. “Chip” Callahan, professor and chair of religious studies at the university. In the opening moments of the video, Callahan faces off with Tai over whether the photographer can push to get any closer to the tents. “I’m not gonna push them,” says Tai.

Moments later, the protesters resolve to throw up their hands (literally) to show Tai who owns this public roost. Callahan participates in this collective action. As Tai swivels his camera from place to place, Callahan shuffles to block the sight paths. Behold these screenshots:

Callahan, after moving a bit to the left and holding up his hands.

Callahan again, after moving to the right with hands aloft. The religious studies prof paired agility drills with his censorship.

A source with access to Callahan’s tweets (they’re “protected“) passes along these screenshots to yield some insight on his views regarding the media and the protests at the university:

Callahan didn’t respond to e-mails and phone calls. The university’s media office said it has no comment at this point on the staffers. Not only did Tai identify Callahan as the person at the start of the video, but so did Peter Legrand, a graduate who took courses from Callahan.

At the 2:00 minute mark in the above video, Janna Basler, the university’s assistant director of Greek life and leadership, adds her own thuggish sensibilities to the mix: “Sir, I am sorry, these are people too. You need to back off. Back off, go!” In her showdown with Tai, Basler lays bare how little she knows about photography. As they tussle about a woman with whom Tai had just finished arguing, Basler says, “She gets to decide whether she’s going to talk to you or not.”

Tai responds like someone who’s interested in securing images, not quotes: “I don’t want her to talk to me,” he says as Basler gets in his face. When Tai asks her whether she’s with the office of Greek life, Basler responds, “No, my name is Concerned Student of 1950.”

And the video ends with assistant professor of communication Melissa Click essentially threatening a journalist: “Who wants to help me get this reporter out of here? I need some muscle over here.”

These three university employees had a chance to stick up for free expression on Monday. Instead, they stood up for coercion and darkness. They should lose their jobs as a result.

UPDATE: The university’s journalism school dean has released a statement reading, in part, as follows:",1
1064,How Trump vs. Clinton could reshape the electoral map,"A prospective general election between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton could significantly alter which states are in play this fall and heighten more than in any recent election the racial, class and gender divisions within the national electorate.

After successive campaigns in which President Obama expanded the Democrats’ electoral map options by focusing on fast-growing and increasingly diverse states, a 2016 race between Clinton and Trump could devolve principally into a pitched battle for the Rust Belt.

With a focus on trade issues and by tapping anti-establishment anger, Trump would seek to energize white working-class Americans, who Republicans believe have been on the sidelines in recent elections in substantial numbers. Trump would also attempt to peel away voters who have backed Democrats, a potentially harder task.

At the same time, Clinton could find Trump a powerful energizing force on her behalf among African Americans and Latinos, which could help to offset the absence of Obama on the ticket after two elections that drew huge minority turnout. That could put off-limits to Trump some states with large Hispanic populations where Republicans have competed intensely in recent elections.

Although polls give Clinton a solid advantage over Trump in a general election, many Democrats remain wary because of what one party strategist called “the unpredictability of Trump.” As one former member of Obama’s campaign team put it, “I feel like in some ways my brain has to think differently than it ever has.”

Democrats will assess the landscape in several ways: which states are likely to be in play, which of those are different from past elections, and which voting groups present particular problems. They expect to update their analyses constantly, given how quickly Trump can have an impact on events.

A Washington Post-ABC News poll from earlier this month showed stark divides among those backing Trump and Clinton.

Overall, the former secretary of state led 50 to 41 percent among registered voters. Trump led 49 to 40 percent among white voters, while Clinton led 73 to 19 among non-whites. Trump led by five points among men, and Clinton was up by 21 among women. Trump led by 24 points among whites without college degrees, while Clinton led by 15 among whites with degrees.

Many Republicans fear that numbers like those could doom the party to defeat in the fall, and they remain hopeful that they can stop Trump in the primaries or at a contested convention. But some Democrats worry that polling data about Trump could provide a false sense of security because voters might be reluctant to acknowledge that they intend to back him.

Party strategists and independent analysts have just begun to explore in-depth the contours of a Trump vs. Clinton election, examining in particular how the strengths and weaknesses of each candidate might affect the preferences of specific voter blocs. More difficult to assess, but no less important, is how a Trump-Clinton contest would affect turnout among those groups.

The main conclusion to date is that a Trump nomination would test theories among some Republicans about the potential strength and power of the white vote to change the electorate and give the GOP the White House. Given what is known, Trump would appear to have no choice but to center his energies on states in the industrial and upper Midwest.

The eventual conclusions of party strategists about Trump’s possible route to victory will affect critical choices for both campaigns as they decide where to invest tens of millions of dollars in resources for television ads, where to deploy their most extensive voter mobilization and get-out-the vote operations, and where the nominees will concentrate their campaign travel in the fall.

Ruy Teixeira, a senior fellow at the progressive Center for American Progress, said Trump’s only path to victory lies in “a spike of white working-class support. . . . It’s trying to break apart the heartland part of the ‘blue wall,’ with less emphasis on the rest of the country.”

The “blue wall” is a term coined by journalist Ronald Brownstein of Atlantic Media and refers to the 18 states plus the District of Columbia that Democrats have won in the past six elections. Those states add up to 242 electoral votes, giving Democrats a foundation and therefore several combinations of other states to get to 270.

Among the 18 states that have been in Democratic hands since the 1992 election are Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin and Minnesota. Along with Ohio and Iowa, those heartland states are likely to be the most intensely contested battlegrounds in the country if a Trump-Clinton race materializes.

All those states have higher concentrations of white voters, including larger percentages of older, white working-class voters, than many of the states in faster-growing areas that Obama looked to in his two campaigns.

“If he drives big turnout increases with white voters, especially with white male voters, that has the potential to change the map,” said a veteran of Obama’s campaigns, who spoke anonymously in order to share current analysis of the fall campaign.

Steve Schmidt, a Republican strategist and veteran of past presidential campaigns, said Trump’s overall general election strength is unpredictable at this point, in part because Trump could campaign as a different candidate from the one on display throughout the primaries. But he said that what Trump has shown to date is an ability to surprise his opponents and offer crosscutting messages to draw support.

“To be successful as a Republican candidate you have to be the equivalent of a neutron bomb,” Schmidt said. “He’s a neutron bomb. Donald Trump has been disruptive in the way Uber has been disruptive in the taxi industry.”

No one expects a totally different electoral map in a Trump-Clinton campaign, given the hardening of red-blue divisions. Analysts say that nearly all the same states that have been fought over in recent elections will remain potential targets, especially at the start of the general election. Ohio, Florida and likely Virginia in particular will be fought over until the very end of the election.

On the other hand, states such as Nevada, New Mexico and possibly Colorado could see less competition unless Trump can overcome his extraordinarily high negative ratings within the Hispanic community.

The two pairs of presidential campaigns since the beginning of the 21st century proved to be remarkably static in terms of the number of battleground states and whether they voted Republican or Democratic.

Those campaigns collectively also highlight the shrinking number of truly contested states. In 2000, there were 12 such states decided by fewer than five points. By 2012, there were just four.

The 2000 and 2004 campaigns produced close finishes in the electoral college, with Republicans winning both with fewer than 290 electoral votes. The 2004 campaign was a virtual rerun of 2000, with just three states shifting to the other party: Iowa and New Mexico in the direction of the Republicans and New Hampshire to the Democrats.

Obama’s 2008 campaign changed the map, with nine states that had supported then-president George W. Bush in 2004 backing the Democratic nominee. The 2012 campaign, like 2004, reinforced the status quo. By the end of the campaign, there were only a handful of real battlegrounds and just two states shifted from 2008: Indiana and North Carolina. Both moved in the direction of the Republicans.

William Frey, a demographer and senior fellow at the Brookings Institution, said that if Trump were to carry Iowa, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin and either New Hampshire or Minnesota, he would not need some of the traditional Southern battlegrounds. Frey hastened to add that such a sweep of the Midwest appears highly unlikely. Nonetheless, he said that path through the Midwest would hold the keys to victory for Republicans if the New York businessman is their nominee.

What makes the coming campaign so intriguing is that Trump’s and Clinton’s demographic strengths are near-mirror opposites. He has drawn significant support among white working-class voters during his march toward the Republican nomination, especially white men. Clinton has drawn sizable support among minority voters, particularly African Americans, in her contest against Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont.

Trump’s strength among men is offset by his weakness among women. Clinton has at times struggled to attract younger women in her battle with Sanders, but few doubt she would have a significant advantage in a general election campaign against Trump.

Similarly, Trump’s support among white voters without college degrees could be offset by the prospect of similarly strong support among whites with college degrees — a growing force in the Democratic coalition.

The focus on white working-class voters will not negate the key role minority voters could play in the outcome next November. “I think that energy underneath the wings of the minority community could be as strong as it was for Barack Obama, only this time against Donald Trump,” Frey said.

One Democratic strategist said that on the basis of preliminary analysis of poll data, Trump’s vote share among Hispanics could be lower than Mitt Romney’s 27 percent share in 2012 and that his margin among African Americans could be nearly as low as Romney’s.

A recent Washington Post-Univision poll of Hispanic voters showed Trump currently doing worse than Romney, trailing Clinton in a hypothetical general election by 73 to 16 percent.

Republican Schmidt, however, warned Democrats that Trump could prove more appealing to minority voters, especially African Americans, than they assume. “He’s an asymmetric threat,” Schmidt said. “He fits into none of the conventions. He has a completely unorthodox style.”",1
849,Trump ups the ante in Indiana,"Encouraged by a new poll giving him a double-digit lead in the state and eager to pivot to the general election, the Republican front-runner stressed the importance of Indiana's Tuesday GOP primary more than he or his top advisers have previously.

""Indiana is so important and we have to win it,"" Trump said to a crowd of approximately 1,500 people packed into a theater here in Terre Haute, Indiana. ""If we win Indiana, it's over.""

While also echoing his top advisers' comments that he can clinch the nomination without Indiana's 57-delegate prize, Trump urged Indiana Republicans to put him over the top -- a victory that would solidify Trump's increasingly clear path to winning the GOP nomination on the first ballot of the party's summer convention.

Still, Trump didn't relent in his attacks against the Texas senator, whom Trump accused of being a liar. Trump also focused on Cruz's now non-existent path to winning the GOP nomination on the first ballot of the convention and mocked Cruz for announcing a running mate , former GOP candidate and businesswoman Carly Fiorina , under those circumstances. Cruz can only stake a claim to win his party's nomination if he can keep Trump from clinching the 1,237 delegates needed before the party's July convention.

""I've been saying that!"" Trump exclaimed.

Cruz was born in Canada to an American citizen mother -- his Cuban-born father later became a citizen. Trump has that used to claim Cruz is not a ""natural-born citizen"" and therefore ineligible to be president.

The Cruz campaign did not respond to a request for comment.

A win in Indiana Tuesday could depress Trump's rivals' hopes of keeping him from the 1,237 delegate mark necessary for a GOP nomination win. Trump suggested Cruz and Ohio Gov. John Kasich -- who formed a pact with Cruz to stay out of Indiana and focus on other states -- might drop out if Trump triumphs in the Hoosier State.

That, Trump said, would give him a chance to try and bring much-needed unity to a fractured Republican Party.

""It's really important that we win because if we win -- you know, we want to raise money for the party and we want to raise money for the Senate races and the congressional races and do a lot of things instead of wasting our time with these people,"" Trump said.

But Trump's ongoing primary battle didn't stop him on Sunday from knocking the former secretary of state repeatedly before a rowdy crowd of Hoosier supporters.

Still, he pressed a plea for Indiana voters to deliver him a victory Tuesday that he said would empower him to focus on Clinton.

""Please. Let's focus on Hillary,"" he said.",1
1802,"Plutocrats love Jeb, but voters don’t: Bush’s “electability” argument is getting even weaker","A CNN/ORC poll released Wednesday pins Jeb Bush’s favorable rating at 35 percent compared to 57 percent who view him unfavorably. The only good news is that he’s 30 points above water among Republicans, 61 percent to 31 percent, and Republicans are the demographic that counts in a Republican primary. (He remains underwater among Tea Party supporters, though.) He’s way underwater among Democrats — but also among independents, who view him unfavorably 30 percent to 62 percent.

Then there’s ol’ Don Trump, who’s long held the position of candidate viewed most unfavorably (though very much liked by the people who do view him favorably, hence the high national and early-state polling numbers). Trump’s favorability rating sits at 38 percent, with his unfavorable at 58 percent. Not that different from Bush.

And then consider how each fares in a matchup with Hillary Clinton, whose favorables aren’t in such great shape either. Clinton defeats Trump by six percentage points, 51 percent to 45 percent. Against Bush? She leads by nine percentage points, 52 percent to 43 percent.

All of which raises some questions about what, exactly, the GOP establishment and the many, many wealthy donors who have donated to Bush see in him, expect from him. Or as the New York Times’ Nate Cohn puts it:

Jeb Bush is supposed to be the electable one. That’s why establishment donors flock to him: get him past the primary by giving his super PAC over $100 million, with which he can slam everyone else for as long as necessary, and then he can win the general election in a way that Cruz or Walker or Trump cannot. That’s because Jeb is supposedly the most reasonable of the general election candidates, the least beholden to ideological overreach, and the one most rhetorically open-armed about wooing Hispanic voters into the Republican coalition.

The only problem is that the more the public sees of Jeb, the more they dislike him and the thought of him becoming president. That wretched 30-62% figure among independents, combined with a head-to-head hypothetical in which he fares worse against Hillary Clinton than TRUMP! does, would seem to throw the whole rationale behind the Jeb Bush campaign down the toilet. Which is funny, because Jeb Bush doesn’t come across as nearly as much of an asshole as many of the other candidates do. He can seem mumbly or boring or stilted, but not actively malevolent. That he’s doing so poorly among independents — and that 92 percent of independents know enough about him to have an opinion — is likely a function of his last name. Bush hopes that the more he shows himself and explains his plans, the more he’ll be viewed as his own person. He’s not executing this plan especially well. The smartest thing that Jeb Bush has done this year was convince a whole host of wealthy Republican donors and establishment operatives to get behind his candidacy early. Now that they’ve invested so much into this candidate, they’re willing to stick it out well past the point at which the candidate has proven himself to be a boob.",1
1875,"Chris Christie: If I Run, I Will Beat Hillary Clinton","New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R) hasn't yet said he'll run for president in 2016, but during an interview with radio host Hugh Hewitt, he didn't seem fazed by the prospect of potentially challenging former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.

""If I run, I will beat her,"" Christie said.

Christie said should he run for president, he's confident he could win Pennsylvania, New Mexico and New Hampshire -- three states that voted for President Barack Obama over his 2012 Republican challenger, Mitt Romney.

Christie's currently visiting New Hampshire, though he told Yahoo earlier this week the trip shouldn't be seen as a likely start to a 2016 campaign.

""Whether I decide to run for president or not, ultimately, is something I won't decide until May or June of this year,"" he said.",1
62,"Christie Hides $800,000 in Travel Bills","New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie is refusing to hand over $800,000 in credit-card bills as part of a probe into his travel expenses. The monitoring organization New Jersey Watchdog alleges that Christie has been costing the public a pretty penny for his travels, including an 1,800 percent increase in the governor’s security detail since he took office. “Last year, Christie traveled out-of-state more than 100 days while visiting 36 states, Mexico, and Canada, primarily to help raise $106 million in campaign contributions as chairman of the Republican Governors Association,” wrote reporter Mark Lagerkvist. Christie’s office denied the request for the American Express bills because “the monthly statements indicate the names of the Executive Protection Unit members, the number of Executive Protection Unit members, and the location of these members on a day-to-day basis.”",1
3957,Russia deploys missiles in Syria after Turkey shoots down bomber,"Russia deployed long-range air defense missiles at its air base in Syria Thursday in a rapid response to the downing of one of its bombers by a Turkish warplane.

Russia's state-owned RIA Novosti news agency, quoting its own reporter on the ground, reported that the shipment of S-400 long-range missiles had been delivered. They will be based in Syria's coastal province of Latakia, just 30 miles away from the border with Turkey and are capable of striking targets within a 250-mile range with deadly precision.

The deployment of the missiles came hours after Turkey released audio recordings of what it says are the Turkish military's warnings to the pilot of the Russian Su-24 bomber that was shot down at the border with Syria early Tuesday.

The recordings indicate that the plane was warned several times that it was approaching Turkey's airspace and asked to change course. The voice is heard saying: ""This is Turkish Air Force speaking on guard. You are approaching Turkish airspace. Change your heading south immediately.""

Turkey has informed the United Nations that two Russian planes disregarded warnings and violated Turkish airspace ""to a depth of 1.36 miles and 1.15 miles in length for 17 seconds.

The plane's surviving pilot has denied that his jet veered into Turkey's airspace ""even for a single second""and rejected Turkey's claim that it had issued repeated warnings to the Russian crew. The other pilot was killed by militants in Syria after bailing out, while his crewmate was rescued by Syrian army commandos and delivered in good condition to the Russian base early Wednesday. A Russian marine was also killed by the militants during the rescue mission.

The Kremlin also moved the navy missile cruiser Moskva closer to the shore to help protect Russian warplanes with its long-range Fort air defense system.

""It will be ready to destroy any aerial target posing a potential danger to our aircraft,"" Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu said at a meeting with military officials. He also announced the severance of all military ties with Turkey and said that from now on, Russian bombers will always be escorted by fighters on combat missions over Syria.

Tuesday's incident was the first time in half a century that a NATO member shot down a Russian plane. If Russia responds by downing a Turkish plane, NATO member Turkey could proclaim itself under attack and ask the alliance for military assistance.

Most observers believe that a direct military confrontation is unlikely, but that the shooting down of the plane will further fuel the Syrian conflict and complicate international peace efforts.

The situation is also alarming because the Russian and Turkish presidents both pose as strong leaders and would be reluctant to back down and seek a compromise.

The announcements came as Russian forces launched a heavy bombardment against Syrian rebel-held areas in Latakia province. At least 12 airstrikes hit the area Wednesday as pro-government forces clashed with fighters from the Nusra Front, which is affiliated with Al Qaeda, and Turkmen insurgents, the British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights told Reuters.

The Russian plane's downing has marked a dramatic turnaround in relations between Russia and Turkey, who have proclaimed themselves to be ""strategic partners"" in the past and developed booming economic ties despite differences over Syria.

Putin described the Turkish action as a ""crime"" and a ""stab in the back,"" and called Turkey an ""accomplice of terrorists."" In a sign of the escalating tensions, protesters in Moscow hurled eggs and stones at the Turkish Embassy, breaking windows in the compound. Police cleared the area and made some arrests shortly after the protest began.

Putin has also dismissed Turkey's claim that the Russian warplane intruded its airspace, voicing particular annoyance about Ankara turning to NATO instead of speaking to Russia, ""as if it were us who shot down a Turkish plane.""

Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu sought to ease tensions Wednesday, calling Russia Turkey's ""friend and neighbor"" and insisting relations cannot be ""sacrificed to accidents of communication."" He told his party's lawmakers that Turkey didn't know the plane was brought down Tuesday was Russian until Moscow announced it.

NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg in turn said that the downing of the plane ""highlights the need to strengthen mechanisms to avoid such incidents in the future.""

""We should not sleepwalk into unintended escalation,"" he wrote in an op-ed that is to be published Thursday and was made available to The Associated Press.

Iran meanwhile lashed out at Turkey, with the official IRNA news agency quoting Presidednt Hassan Rouhani as saying Ankara is responsible for the heightened tensions in the region.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Click for more from Sky News.",1
4268,Marco Rubio self-destructs in New Hampshire,"Let’s dispel once and for all with this fiction that Marco Rubio knows what he’s doing.

A week ago, the youthful senator from Florida was in great shape. His surprisingly strong finish in the Iowa caucuses left him with a clear chance to consolidate mainstream Republican support — and a path to the GOP presidential nomination.

But in just a few minutes Saturday night, Rubio undid everything he had worked for during the past year — really, the past five years. His singularly disastrous debate performance, in which he repeated irrelevant, canned phrases, caused would-be supporters to flee for Ohio Gov. John Kasich and other more stable candidates.

And Tuesday night, Rubio proved true the axiom popularized by Alan Simpson, the wisecracking former senator from Wyoming: “One day you’re the toast of the town, the next you’re toast.”

The culprit here, as in most things that have gone wrong this campaign season, is Donald Trump, who after his convincing win in New Hampshire is once again the front-runner for the nomination. Typically, Iowa and New Hampshire serve as proving grounds for the candidates. Voters there scrutinize the contenders, who rise and fall in the polls as various candidates gain and lose the status of front-runner. But Trump’s celebrity short-circuited the process. With Trump dominating the coverage and the polls, Iowa and New Hampshire failed to fulfill their traditional vetting roles.

Rubio was one who never got the scrutiny. And when he emerged, blinking, into the spotlight after Iowa, voters found an empty suit. Watching him campaign last week, I wrote: “Rubio’s strong Iowa finish has brought new attention — and overcapacity crowds — in New Hampshire. But the would-be supporters are greeted by a robot.”

[What Marco Rubio would have said if he had won New Hampshire]

This wasn’t necessarily a surprise to those who watched Rubio closely (or even to those who recall his water-gulping response to the State of the Union three years ago). Buzzfeed’s McKay Coppins, who wrote about Rubio in a 2015 book, observed that he had an “incurable anxiousness — and an occasional propensity to panic in moments of crisis, both real and imagined.”

He had seemed to be a good debater — but with 10 or more candidates crowding the stage in early debates, he didn’t have to go far beyond canned lines. On Saturday, exposed to withering attacks from rival Chris Christie, a former prosecutor, Rubio suffered what was perhaps the most memorable lapse at the presidential level since Edmund Muskie appeared to weep in the New Hampshire snow in 1972.

“Let’s dispel once and for all with this fiction that Barack Obama doesn’t know what he’s doing,” Rubio proclaimed early in the debate, as ungrammatical and off-point. “He knows exactly what he’s doing.”

A moment later, Rubio said again: “But I would add this. Let’s dispel with this fiction that Barack Obama doesn’t know what he’s doing. He knows exactly what he’s doing.”

And again: “Here’s the bottom line. This notion that Barack Obama doesn’t know what he’s doing is just not true. He knows exactly what he’s doing.”

Even when called out by Christie for the mindless repetition, Rubio said again: “We are not facing a president that doesn’t know what he’s doing. He knows what he is doing. That’s why he’s done the things he’s done.”

The reviews were savage, and then, on Monday night, RubioBot malfunctioned again. “Janette and I are raising our four children in the 21st century, and we know how hard it’s become to instill our values in our kids instead of the values they try to ram down our throats,” he told supporters, then added: “In the 21st century, it’s becoming harder than ever to instill in your children the values they teach in our homes and in our church instead of the values that they try to ram down our throats.”

Exit polls left little doubt that Rubio’s glitches ruined his prospects in New Hampshire. Two-thirds said the debates were important, and of the nearly half of GOP voters who made choices in the last few days, Kasich did far better than Rubio.

This left Rubio, with 70 percent of precincts reporting Tuesday night, languishing at 10 percent of the vote. He trailed not only Trump (34 percent) but also Kasich (16 percent), Ted Cruz and Jeb Bush, who was once left for dead. “I’m disappointed with tonight,” Rubio said Tuesday, acknowledging that “I did not do well on Saturday night.”

The results also left Republicans, once again, without a consensus alternative to Trump — and with dwindling hope of finding one. Had Rubio received scrutiny earlier, voters might have been able to find a candidate who didn’t wilt in the spotlight. But Iowa and New Hampshire didn’t serve their functions this time. Trump got in the way.

Read more from Dana Milbank’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.",1
3215,The GOP Is Dying Off. Literally.,"It turns out that one of the Grand Old Party’s biggest—and least discussed—challenges going into 2016 is lying in plain sight, written right into the party’s own nickname. The Republican Party voter is old—and getting older, and as the adage goes, there are two certainties in life: Death and taxes. Right now, both are enemies of the GOP and they might want to worry more about the former than the latter.

There’s been much written about how millennials are becoming a reliable voting bloc for Democrats, but there’s been much less attention paid to one of the biggest get-out-the-vote challenges for the Republican Party heading into the next presidential election: Hundreds of thousands of their traditional core supporters won’t be able to turn out to vote at all.

The party’s core is dying off by the day.

Since the average Republican is significantly older than the average Democrat, far more Republicans than Democrats have died since the 2012 elections. To make matters worse, the GOP is attracting fewer first-time voters. Unless the party is able to make inroads with new voters, or discover a fountain of youth, the GOP’s slow demographic slide will continue election to election. Actuarial tables make that part clear, but just how much of a problem for the GOP is this?

Since it appears that no political data geek keeps track of voters who die between elections, I took it upon myself to do some basic math. And that quick back-of-the-napkin math shows that the trend could have a real effect in certain states, and make a battleground states like Florida and Ohio even harder for the Republican Party to capture.

By combining presidential election exit polls with mortality rates per age group from the U.S. Census Bureau, I calculated that, of the 61 million who voted for Mitt Romney in 2012, about 2.75 million will be dead by the 2016 election. President Barack Obama’s voters, of course, will have died too—about 2.3 million of the 66 million who voted for the president won’t make it to 2016 either. That leaves a big gap in between, a difference of roughly 453,000 in favor of the Democrats.

Here is the methodology, using one age group as an example: According to exit polls, 5,488,091 voters aged 60 to 64 years old supported Romney in 2012. The mortality rate for that age group is 1,047.3 deaths per 100,000, which means that 57,475 of those voters died by the end of 2013. Multiply that number by four, and you get 229,900 Romney voters aged 60-to-64 who will be deceased by Election Day 2016. Doing the same calculation across the range of demographic slices pulled from exit polls and census numbers allows one to calculate the total voter deaths. It’s a rough calculation, to be sure, and there are perhaps ways to move the numbers a few thousand this way or that, but by and large, this methodology at least establishes the rough scale of the problem for the Republicans—a problem measured in the mid-hundreds of thousands of lost voters by November 2016. To the best of my knowledge, no one has calculated or published better voter death data before.

“I’ve never seen anyone doing any studies on how many dead people can’t vote,” laughs William Frey, senior fellow at the Brookings Institution who specializes in demographic studies. “I’ve seen studies on how many dead people do vote. The old Daley Administration in Chicago was very good at that.”

Frey points out that, since Republicans are getting whiter and older, replacing the voters that leave this earth with young ones is essential for them to be competitive in presidential elections. But the key question is whether these election death rates will make any real difference. There are so many other variables that dead voters aren’t necessarily going to be a decisive factor.

“The [GOP] does rely too much on older and white voters, and especially in rural areas, deaths from this group can be significant,” Frey says. “But millennials (born 1981 to 1997) now are larger in numbers than baby boomers ([born] 1946 to 1964), and how they vote will make the big difference. And the data says that if Republicans focus on economic issues and stay away from social ones like gay marriage, they can make serious inroads with millennials.”

But what if Republicans aren’t able to win over a larger share of the youth vote? In 2012, there were about 13 million in the 15-to-17 year-old demo who will be eligible to vote in 2016. The previous few presidential election cycles indicate that about 45 percent of these youngsters will actually vote, meaning that there will about 6 million new voters total. Exit polling indicates that age bracket has split about 65-35 in favor of the Dems in the past two elections. If that split holds true in 2016, Democrats will have picked up a two million vote advantage among first-time voters. These numbers combined with the voter death data puts Republicans at an almost 2.5 million voter disadvantage going into 2016.",1
1753,Carly Fiorina swipes at Trump: ‘Look at this face.’,"PHOENIX - ""Ladies,"" Carly Fiorina said, ""look at this face!""

Fiorina took direct aim at Donald Trump here Friday evening, offering up a sharp rejoinder to comments by Trump that appeared to mock Fiorina's appearance.

""Look at that face,"" Trump told Rolling Stone in an interview published Wednesday. ""Would anyone vote for that? Can you imagine that, the face of our next president?!""

Absolutely, Fiorina said at the National Federation of Republican Women's annual conference here.

""This is the face of a 61 year old woman. I am proud of every year and every wrinkle,"" ""Fiorina said as the overwhelmingly female crowd laughed and cheered.

The real estate mogul defended himself Thursday, saying that he was ""talking about persona. I'm not talking about look."" Critics pounced on Trump, saying that his remarks about Fiorina reinforced the notion that he is a misogynist.

Fiorina also hit Trump on the issue of leadership, saying that wealth does not a leader make.

""Leadership is not about position. It is not about title. It is not about how big your office is or how big your plane or your helicopter or your ego,"" Fiorina said.

Fiorina had additional words for Trump after the speech, according to Fox News.

Fiorina pitched herself as a proven leader who challenged the status quo and has done business with world leaders. She tried to project an authoritative informality, repeatedly addressing the crowd as ""ladies,"" commiserating with the hopes, dreams and struggles of many and lamented that those in the political sphere try to pigeonhole women's interests.

""Our experiences, our views, our hopes, our desires, are as diverse as the other half of the nation. The men. And I personally am so tired of hearing about women’s issues,"" she said. ""All issues are women's issues.""

Women, she said, still bear a disproportionate burden of poverty and child care duties and the pace of change for women has been slower. She recounted stories of sexism and the double standards that women face,  including being called a ""token bimbo"" at work and the time a colleague told her she can't come to a meeting with a client, because he wanted to get together at a strip club called the Board Room.

""I said, 'I hope you don't feel too uncomfortable, but I'll see you at The Board Room,'"" Fiorina recalled saying. ""I got in the cab and I gave him the name and address of the strip club and he said 'oh are you the new act?'""

Fiorina recounted being asked if a woman's hormones would prevent her from serving in the Oval Office.

""So, ladies, let’s just think: can we think of a single instance in which a man’s judgement was clouded by his hormones?"" she asked as the crowd whooped, applauded and gave her a standing ovation.

""I'm not standing up,"" a man in the crowd said.

Fiorina also called out Hillary Clinton numerous times, saying she took ""photo-ops"" with world leaders while Fiorina did business with them -- Fiorina said on her first day in office she would call ""my friend"" Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to pledge her stalwart support for Israel and the Supreme Leader of Iran to tell him that the Iranian nuclear deal is off. She said that a commander-in-chief must ""understand technology,"" a dig at the controversy surrounding Clinton's e-mail while she was at the State Department.

Even though Republican majorities were elected in Congress, she said, nothing has happened: the border isn't secure and Planned Parenthood isn't defunded, an issue that drew loud applause.

Most of all, she told the women, she wants them to vote for her because she is up for the job.

""I am not asking for your vote and your support because I am a woman. I am asking for your vote and your support because I am the most qualified candidate to win this job and do this job,"" she said.",1
4906,Where Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton stand on economic issues,"In the end, elections usually come back to the economy—to jobs, wages, taxes, imports and exports, the price of goods and the cost of an education. Differences over all these issues—from tax rates and immigration to globalization and the minimum wage—are particularly sharp this year between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton. Here’s a look at where the two candidates stand on the top economic issues.",1
1235,Can Anyone Beat Trump in the Primary? History Says No,"If you’re looking to stop Trump, history won’t be providing you with any roadmaps.

Let’s say you’re a Republican who is looking with abject terror at the thought of a Donald Trump nomination. You look at poll numbers from upcoming states—Trump by six! Trump by eight! You read and hear about “vectors” and “glide paths”, and you start looking for reassurance that it’s still early, that the last shall be first. Examples abound in sports—didn’t the Red Sox trail the Yankees 3-0 in the 2004 League Championship Series? Weren’t the New York Giants 13 1/2 games out of first in 1951? Surely there are cases where a doomed candidate turned the campaign around, right?

Well…sort of. There are any number of primary campaigns that saw a significant shift of fortunes, but they provide cold comfort for the anti-Trumpeteers. Why? Because 1) they happened a relatively long time ago, 2) they all happened in two-candidate races and 3) none of them resulted in a victory for the come-from behind candidate.

When President Gerald Ford barely beat ex-California Governor Ronald Reagan in New Hampshire in 1976, it might have been seen as a strong showing against a sitting President. But because the Reagan campaign had touted his strength there, the close finish was portrayed as a loss. When Ford won the next four primaries, including a landslide win in Illinois, Reagan’s challenge was on life-support.

In North Carolina, however, a combination of Senator Jesse Helms’ organizational muscle and a half-hour TV speech centered on foreign policy gave Reagan a victory that kept his campaign alive. Over the next 10 weeks, Reagan won 10 primaries, turning the fight into a delegate-by-delegate battle. In the end, the power of incumbency and a last-minute flip by the Mississippi delegation on a crucial rules fight gave the nomination to Ford. We have not seen a genuinely contested nomination fight since.

Of the first ten contests, he won only his native Massachusetts. With polls showing him headed to a big loss in New York, his campaign prepared to fold its tents. But the polls were wrong. Kennedy won the state by an 18-point landslide. That gave his campaign enough energy to keep the fight going all the way through the primaries—he won California, New Jersey, and seven other states—and the convention. He was never able to close the gap, but with more than a third of the delegates, Kennedy was able to win platform concessions and a much-celebrated prime-time speech. (He was also able, intentionally or not, to subject Carter to the humiliation of pursuing him at the rostrum in an attempt to stage a hands-clasped unity photo opportunity.)

Few campaigns have seen more twists and turns than the 1984 Democratic primary. What began as a ceremonial coronation of former Vice President Walter Mondale was upended, with no advance warning, when Senator Gary Hart and his “new ideas” campaign won a landslide in New Hampshire. He followed that with five wins in the next two weeks; only Mondale victories in Georgia and Alabama, with crucial margins provided by black voters, kept him afloat.

Then a tried-and-true pattern -- rise, scrutiny, decline—kicked in. Hart (unlike Reagan and Kennedy) was a relatively unknown political commodity. When the spotlight turned on him, questions great and small arose: Why had his changed his name from Hartpence? Why was his real age a mystery? More seriously, did the core of the Democratic Party freely want to nominate a figure who regularly challenged liberal orthodoxy (“We’re not a bunch of little Hubert Humphreys,” he once said to a party that revered Humphrey’s liberal passions).

With big-city Democrats, labor, and African-Americans rallying to his side, Mondale won Illinois and then New York by a landslide. Once again, the nomination seemed to be in Mondale’s grasp. But Hart then won a string of primaries in May, and in June beat Mondale in California. Pre-primary polls also showed Hart with a big lead in New Jersey. But when he told a California audience by telephone that he was consigned to a “toxic waste dump in New Jersey,” Garden State Democrats responded by giving Mondale a 16 point win. But for that careless comment, Hart might well have turned the convention into a genuine battle.

That was more than thirty years ago. And in the decades since, there’s been nothing like a sharp turn of fortune in any nominating contest. There have been early challenges to favorites; there has been at least one case—Clinton in 1992—where it took a month or so for the ultimate nominee to win his first primary. There have been years—2008 for Democrats, 2012 for Republicans—when it took months for the nominee to claim enough delegates to end the contest. Moreover, there’s no historical parallel to today’s Republican race. Far from being an unknown commodity like Hart in 1984, Trump is better known than any of his rivals. And given that what he has handily survived, it is hard to imagine what he might say or do that could properly be described as “self-destructive.”

This doesn’t mean a Trump nomination is a done deal. With a majority of the party still opposing him, a two-person race offers a theoretical possibility. There may be enough left of “traditional Republicans” that a unified chorus proclaiming Trump a disaster could prove effective. But if you’re a Republican looking to find a clue to derailing Trump, history is not going to offer you anything like a roadmap.",1
4360,"Morning Plum: Get ready for another ideological death struggle, this time over climate","Today, President Obama will roll out the final version of the EPA’s Clean Power Plan, an ambitious effort to reduce carbon emissions from power plants by nearly one-third from 2005 levels by 2030. This seems likely to set in motion an ideological death struggle that will rival the one over Obamacare — but with arguably even higher stakes.

That’s because the long-term success of the new EPA rule — presuming it survives legal challenges — will depend to no small degree on the actions of the next president. The states don’t have to tell the federal government how they will seek to meet the rule’s carbon emissions targets — many GOP states may not comply — until around the time Obama’s presidency is ending and beyond. With implementation set to stretch out over many years, a Republican president could seek to relax or undo the plan, as Jason Plautz notes.

What’s more, the stakes are extremely high here because the success of this plan could help determine the viability of long-term international efforts to combat climate change. With an international climate accord expected soon, the fate of Obama’s plan will help determine whether the U.S. can keep its end of the carbon-emission-reducing bargain. As the New York Times puts it:

Climate scientists warn that rising greenhouse gas emissions are rapidly moving the planet toward a global atmospheric temperature increase of 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit, the point past which the world will be locked into a future of rising sea levels, more devastating storms and droughts, and shortages of food and water. Mr. Obama’s new rules alone will not be enough to stave off that future. But experts say that if the rules are combined with similar action from the world’s other major economies, as well as additional action by the next American president, emissions could level off enough to prevent the worst effects of climate change.

Ben Adler adds that Obama’s plan is “the centerpiece of any realistic program to meet…the intended targets we have outlined ahead of the Paris climate talks that will take place later this year.” (Indeed, Congressional Republicans are encouraging GOP governors to resist the new rule with the explicit purpose of undermining the chances of getting an international climate deal by sowing doubts as to whether the U.S. can meet its own pledges.)

Thus, the next president may well determine whether this plan helps lay the foundation for future international cooperation designed to avert an outcome that many scientists think could be irreversible. That will thrust the issue into the presidential race, making it perhaps more important than in previous cycles.

Hillary Clinton issued a strong statement pledging to defend Obama’s plan against “Republican doubters and defeatists,” a sign her campaign sees this issue as a good point of contrast with which to cast the GOP as the party of the past. And indeed, the major Republican presidential candidates have already come out against the plan. But this is only the beginning. An international climate accord could be reached at the end of the year — just when the GOP presidential primaries are (sorry, I can’t resist this) heating up in a big way.

Given that this would combine Obummer Mandates with a new effort at international engagement that many GOP primary voters will likely oppose, it could perhaps make Obama’s climate push even more ideologically toxic to Republicans, requiring the GOP candidates to outdo one another in their zeal to oppose it.

* KEY DEM CONGRESSMAN BACKS IRAN DEAL: Dem Rep. Adam Schiff, a pro-Israel moderate who is respected on foreign policy by many Democrats, comes out in favor of the Iran deal in an interview with Jeffrey Goldberg:

As Goldberg notes, this could influence undecided Jewish Dems. Proponents are increasingly pushing back on the notion that opposing the deal is the only “pro-Israel” position.

* SCHUMER LEANING AGAINST IRAN DEAL? Politico reports on the intense pressure from both sides on Senator Chuck Schumer as he makes up his mind on whether to support the Iran deal. Politico suggests he’s leaning against it. But:

Keep an eye on that: if Schumer does oppose the deal, he may not do so all that loudly, and enough Dems could still support it to prevent Obama’s veto of disapproval measure from being overridden. The White House can’t lose more than a dozen Dems.

* WARREN COMES OUT FOR IRAN DEAL: Senator Elizabeth Warren has just come out in favor of it. That isn’t surprising, but it’s a reminder that if Schumer opposes it, he’ll antagonize the left in a big way — and he’s set to become next Senate Dem leader.

* POLL FINDS BROAD OPPOSITION TO IRAN DEAL: A new Quinnipiac poll finds that Americans oppose the “nuclear deal with Iran” by 57-28. The poll doesn’t define the deal, and a recent Washington Post poll that did define it found majority support. But this does suggest that proponents may have a great deal of work to do if Americans are broadly inclined against it out of distrust of Iran.

Meanwhile, a new YouGov poll that does define the deal found support for the deal has dropped from 51 percent to 36 percent, though only 38 percent oppose it.

* REPUBLICANS OPPOSE HIKING TAXES ON RICH: Another interesting tidbit from the new Quinnipiac poll: 61 percent of Americans think the federal government should try to reduce the gap between well off and less well off Americans, and 60 percent support increasing taxes on higher income earners to reduce middle class taxes.

But Republicans oppose both those things by 57-35 and 65-31.

* HILLARY GOES UP ON THE AIR: The Clinton campaign is airing two ads in Iowa and New Hampshire with strong biographical emphasis: One discusses her mother’s influence on her, and the other talks about her work for children. “We’re going to make sure everyone knows who Hillary Clinton really is,” the Clinton camp says. “We’ve planned for a competitive primary with Hillary herself working to earn every vote.”

The Beltway pundit consensus appears to be that Clinton’s favorability ratings are in free fall, so perhaps this is also part of an effort to “get her positives up,” as the jargon has it.

* WHAT REALLY MATTERS AT GOP DEBATE: E.J. Dionne has a nice column arguing that what really matters at this week’s GOP debate isn’t Donald Trump’s antics; it’s the question of whether the GOP candidates will deviate even a tiny bit from stale GOP economic doctrine:

Nope. All signs are that the GOP candidates all believe the answer to stagnating wages and the failure of the recovery to achieve widespread distribution is to get government out of the way.

* AND TRUMP-MENTUM RAGES ACROSS THE LAND: A new NBC News poll finds Donald Trump continues to surge among Republican voters nationally: He’s first with 19 percent; Scott Walker has 14; and Jeb Bush has 13. Breakdown:

So Trump is winning lots of GOP-leaning independents while also cutting into the conservative support of Walker and Cruz.",1
4076,"Terror attack over, 147 dead at Kenya university","NAIROBI, Kenya — Armed terrorists stormed a university in northern Kenya on Thursday, killing 147 people, wounding dozens and taking hostages during a 15-hour siege until four militants were killed by security forces. Christians and converts to Islam appeared to have been the targets.

More than 550 students were evacuated and 79 were injured in the standoff on the Garissa University campus, about 90 miles from the Somali border. The Somali-based Islamic terrorist group al-Shabab claimed responsibility for the attack — the al-Qaeda-linked organization's deadliest in Kenya.

Students said the gunmen separated Christians from Muslims and held hostages in a dormitory, where they placed explosives around the Christian hostages, according to Kenya's National Police Service.

Kenyan Interior Cabinet Secretary Joseph Nkaissery said some students were killed during morning prayers at the mosque. Jackson Kamau, a student at the university, said the militants killed those who were likely converts to Islam. Locals can differentiate between Somali Muslims born into Islam and those who have converted because they come from different ethnic groups.

""We'll not allow terrorists to divide our country on religious lines,"" said Aden Duale, majority leader in Kenya's National Assembly.

Most of the 147 dead were students. Two security guards, one policeman and one soldier also were killed in the attack, Nkaissery said.

One suspected extremist was arrested as he tried to flee, Nkaissery told a news conference in Nairobi.

Heavy gunfire erupted at the college as the Kenyan military worked to end the siege. Police Inspector General Joseph Boinett said a dusk-to-dawn curfew will be in place in Garissa and three neighboring counties starting Friday through April 16.

The White House strongly condemned the attack and said the United States was providing assistance to the Kenyan government.

""We extend our deep condolences to the families and loved ones of all those killed in this heinous attack, which reportedly included the targeting of Christian students,"" White House spokesman Josh Earnest said in a statement.

Kenyan police offered a $220,000 bounty for Mohammed Mohamud, also known as Dulyadin and Gamadhere, who they suspect planned the attack.

Students who were able to escape said gunmen stormed the university, setting off explosives and shooting people on the campus just after 5 a.m. local time.

""Most of us were asleep when the incident happened,"" said Nicholas Ntulu, a student at the university. ""We heard heavy gunfire and explosions. Every person ran for dear life as we passed the gunmen. Several (students) were shot dead.

""There was nobody to help us at the time of the attack,"" he said. ""The police officers took more than an hour to arrive at the scene.""

President Uhuru Kenyatta urged Kenyans to stay calm. ""This is a moment for everyone throughout the country to be vigilant as we continue to confront and defeat our enemies,"" he said.

Kenyatta ordered the inspector general of police to accelerate the applications of 10,000 recruits for the Kenya Police College.

""We have suffered unnecessarily due to shortage of security personnel,"" he said. ""Kenya badly needs additional officers, and I will not keep the nation waiting.""

Frightened students rescued from the university gathered at a military camp near the Garissa airstrip.

""The sounds of gunfire was all over — we couldn't tell what was the right direction to go to be safe,"" said Ann Musyoka, a second-year student. ""We had to face the gunmen — they shot several people as we escaped towards the gate.""

Victims were rushed to a hospital, and those critically injured were airlifted to the capital, Nairobi.

""I was not at the institution when the incident occurred, but several students phoned me, crying over the attacks,"" said Jacktone Kweya, the dean of students. ""When I tried calling them back, their phones were off. It's very disturbing.""

Robert Godec, the U.S. ambassador to Kenya, said the United States ""strongly condemns"" the attack.

""We extend our deepest condolences to all who have been affected,"" he said in a statement. ""The attack once again reinforces the need for all countries and communities to unite in the effort to combat violent extremism.""

The assault comes in the wake of an intelligence report issued last week by security officials warning that al-Shabab was planning an attack on major institutions in retaliation for Kenyan military action in Somalia as part of an African Union initiative against the group.

Al-Shabab has carried out several attacks in Garissa and across Kenya in the past few years, including an attack in 2013 at the Westgate shopping mall in Nairobi that left 67 people dead, and others on mosques in Mombasa, a coastal city in the east.

Nairobi-based security analyst Abdiwahab Sheikh said the incident highlights how the government has failed to shore up security in the country.

""The government has not learned anything from the Westgate attack,"" he said. ""How do you allow terrorists to take students hostage for more 10 hours? I think our security forces need to learn from the past.""",1
347,Robert Durst of HBO's 'The Jinx' charged with murder,"(CNN) Millionaire real estate heir Robert Durst was ""lying in wait"" when he shot and killed his longtime friend because she ""was a witness to a crime,"" prosecutors alleged Monday.

The evidence behind that accusation wasn't revealed in the Los Angeles County District Attorney's court filing, which charged Durst with first-degree murder. If he's convicted in the December 2000 killing of Susan Berman, prosecutors said, he could face the death penalty.

The charges, filed two days after FBI agents arrested Durst in New Orleans, set the stage for a new courtroom battle for a man who's no stranger to run-ins with the law.

Durst's alleged connections with Berman's death and two others became the focus of HBO's true crime documentary, ""The Jinx.""

He admitted to shooting and dismembering his neighbor but was acquitted of murder.

He was suspected in his first wife's disappearance, but no one could pin him to it.

And just before Berman, his longtime confidante, was going to speak to investigators about his wife's case, she was killed.

He's long denied any connection to her death or his wife's disappearance. But some say his mutterings picked up on a live microphone and broadcast in the HBO documentary make it sound like Durst could be changing his tune.

""What the hell did I do?"" Durst says from a bathroom at the end of the documentary. ""Killed them all, of course.""

His attorney says not to read too much into those comments. But more on that later.

To understand the complexities of Durst's life -- and the deaths linked to it -- we have to start at the beginning:

His first wife, Kathie McCormack, was on her way to medical school in New York when she vanished in 1982.

""I put her on the train in Westchester to go into the city that evening. That was the last time I ever saw her,"" Durst testified in a separate case over a decade later.

Despite a cloud of suspicion over the years, Durst has never been arrested in the disappearance.

What we know: Crime writer Susan Berman was a longtime friend of Durst's.

In 2000, when investigators reopened the 1982 disappearance case of Durst's first wife, they made plans to visit Berman in Los Angeles.

""She was a confidante of Robert Durst. She knew him well,"" CNN's Jean Casarez said. ""And it was just days before investigators were to fly out to California to talk with her about what she may have known about the disappearance of Kathleen Durst that she was shot execution-style in her living room.""

Fast forward 15 years, to this past weekend: Durst's arrest was in connection with Berman's death. (See below.)

What we don't know: We don't know whether Durst was the person who sent an anonymous letter to police telling them there was a body in Berman's home.

A police handwriting analysis said the writing on that card looked like Durst's, author Miles Corwin told CNN in 2004. But even with that, at the time, Corwin said police didn't have enough evidence to arrest Durst. So what's changed?

In ""The Jinx,"" Berman's stepson reveals a letter from Durst he found among her possessions.

""You look at the letter, and the handwriting is astonishingly similar,"" said Michael Daly, a special correspondent for The Daily Beast.

What we know: In 2001 -- almost two decades after his wife's disappearance and after Berman's killing in late December 2000 -- millionaire Durst was living in the coastal Texas city of Galveston.

Durst testified that he hid out in Galveston and posed as a mute woman because he was afraid as he faced increasing scrutiny, Court TV reported at the time.

He got into a scuffle with his neighbor, Morris Black, and admitted to shooting and killing him.

Prosecutors said Durst planned Black's killing to steal his identity. Defense attorneys said Black sneaked into Durst's apartment, and Durst accidentally shot him as both men struggled for a gun.

Durst testified he panicked and decided to cut up Black's body and throw away the pieces.

What we don't know: Why Durst chose Pennsylvania to escape to after shooting and dismembering his neighbor.

He had jumped bond and almost got away -- if not for a sandwich that the heir stole from a store. He was captured in Pennsylvania for shoplifting, even though he had hundreds of dollars in his pocket.

What we know: Durst is now accused of killing Berman, the crime writer.

Authorities found him Saturday at a New Orleans hotel, where he was staying under a false name and was carrying a fake driver's license, according to a law enforcement official who's been briefed on the case. Durst had a Smith & Wesson .38-caliber revolver on him when he was arrested, according to New Orleans Police Department records.

He'd paid for the hotel in cash, and authorities believe he was preparing to leave the country and flee to Cuba, the official said.

Investigators found marijuana and a ""substantial"" amount of cash in Durst's hotel room, a source familiar with the investigation told CNN.

Police said they arrested Durst ""as a result of investigative leads and additional evidence that has come to light in the past year.""

The Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office on Monday charged him with first-degree murder. In New Orleans, he's also facing felony firearms and drug charges.

What we don't know: What the new evidence is that led authorities to arrest Durst, why they arrested him when they did and when he'll be taken to Los Angeles.

Susan Criss, a former Texas District Court judge who presided over the 2003 murder trial, told CNN that producers of ""The Jinx"" gave all the evidence they uncovered to police, and it's likely Durst's statements on the show are part of the case against him.

""That case has been several years in the making,"" she said. ""The investigation has been going on. The making of the cases has been going on. And I think these are pieces of evidence that are going to be used, and they're going to be very powerful pieces of evidence.""

But that doesn't mean investigators only learned about evidence as the show aired, she said.

""They turned over the handwriting sample a couple years ago, at least two or three years ago,"" she told CNN. ""They told me when they did it. The police had it. The police didn't just learn this when they watched television. They've had that.""

""Do I think this is a coincidence? Hell, no,"" he said. ""There has been rumor, innuendo and speculation for a number of years, and now we're going to get our day in court on this.""

Once that day comes, prosecutors said Monday that Durst could face the death penalty if convicted.

He waived his right to fight extradition to Los Angeles during an appearance Monday before a New Orleans Magistrate Court. But Durst remains in jail in New Orleans, where he was booked Monday on charges of being a felon in possession of a firearm and possession of a firearm with a controlled substance. That could delay his extradition.

The Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office says he'll be brought back to Los Angeles for arraignment ""at a future date.""

Durst's lawyers deny that he had anything to do with Berman's death and say they're eager for him to go to Los Angeles.

""Bob Durst didn't kill Susan Berman,"" DeGuerin told reporters Monday. ""He's ready to end all the rumor and speculation and have a trial.""

What we know: The HBO documentary series ""The Jinx"" aired in six episodes, ending Sunday.

Immediately after the finale's last shot, Durst went into the bathroom, apparently not realizing his microphone was still on.

""There it is. You're caught,"" he said.

He then rambled a series of seemingly unrelated sentences before saying, ""He was right. I was wrong.""

Then, the most intriguing remarks: ""What the hell did I do? Killed them all, of course.""

What we don't know: What did those words really mean?

Criss told CNN that it wasn't the first time Durst made statements that seemed to incriminate himself while being recorded.

""In our trial, he had been recorded on the phone talking to his wife and friends, making a lot of admissions, and the state never used that,"" she said. ""But he was aware that he had been recorded, saying things that could implicate him in the murder we were trying. Earlier in those interviews, in a previous interview for that very program ('The Jinx'), there was a break where he was caught practicing his testimony. And so he realized, he knew he had a mic on. This is the third time he's made that mistake.""

While the comments may appear incriminating, his attorney told Fox News' ""Justice With Judge Jeanine"" that the offhand remarks might not mean anything.

""Your honesty would lead you to say you've said things under your breath before that you probably didn't mean,"" attorney Chip Lewis said.

When asked for comment, HBO praised the series' director and producer in a statement Sunday.

""We simply cannot say enough about the brilliant job that Andrew Jarecki and Marc Smerling did in producing 'The Jinx,' "" said HBO, which is owned by Time Warner -- the parent company of CNN. ""Years in the making, their thorough research and dogged reporting reignited interest in Robert Durst's story with the public and law enforcement.""

Jim McCormack, the brother of Durst's first wife, said he's glad Durst's ability to avoid conviction may be unraveling.

""The dominoes of justice are now starting to fall,"" he said. ""Through our faith, hope and prayers the last domino will bring closure and justice for Kathie.""",1
2921,Why the Iraq offensive will fail,"American officials said this week they plan to train up to 25,000 Iraqi troops in a major mission to retake Mosul, Iraq’s second-largest city, from Islamic State militants sometime this spring.

The mission is welcome, but frankly it is unlikely to succeed unless there is, at the same time, a deeper understanding on the part of our government of the real threat that the Islamic State and its adherents pose to us as a nation—and what our role in this broader fight must be. Unless the United States takes dramatically more action than we have done so far in Iraq, the fractious, largely Shiite-composed units that make up the Iraqi army are not likely to be able, by themselves, to overwhelm a Sunni stronghold like Mosul, even though they outnumber the enemy by ten to one. The United States must be prepared to provide far more combat capabilities and enablers such as command and control, intelligence, logistics, and fire support, to name just a few things.

Yet to defeat an enemy, you first must admit they exist, and this we have not done. I believe there continues to be confusion at the highest level of our government about what it is we’re facing, and the American public want clarity as well as moral and intellectual courage, which they are not now getting.

There are some who argue that violent Islamists are not an existential threat and therefore can simply be managed as criminals, or as a local issue in Iraq and Syria. I respectfully and strongly disagree.

We, as a nation, must accept and face the reality that we and other contributing nations of the world are at war, and not just in Iraq. We are in a global war with a radical and violent form of the Islamic religion, and it is irresponsible and dangerous to deny it. This enemy is far broader than the 40,000 or so fighters in the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. There also exists a large segment of this radical version of Islam in over 90 nations abroad as well as here at home. Just ask those countries from which foreign fighters are flowing into the Levant to support this “jihad.”

Nor is this enemy going away any time soon. As abhorrent as this form of radical Islam is, we must recognize and understand that it is a political ideology with the foundation of its laws emanating from the Qur’an and the Prophet’s life as its guide—and nothing else is needed. This form of radical Islam is in direct conflict with a large segment of the Islamic community; a community that must stand taller and be counted right now or they will be counted among the dead—killed at the hands of these radical militants (this includes both Sunni and Shia).

Having served in the theaters of war of Iraq and Afghanistan for many years, and faced this enemy up close and personal, I have seen first hand the unrestrained cruelty of our enemy. While they may be animated by a medieval ideology, they are thoroughly modern in their capacity to kill and maim as well as precisely and very intelligently transmit their ideas, intentions and actions via the Internet.

In fact, they are increasingly capable of threatening our nation’s interests and those of our allies, and it would be foolish for us to wait until they pose an existential threat before taking decisive action. Doing so would only increase the cost in blood and treasure later for what we know must be done now.

Not surprisingly, the recent draft authorization for the use of military force, or AUMF (a minor component of a still required comprehensive strategy), signals that we are willing to wait for them to become existential. Again, this is irresponsible and dangerous thinking. This authorization requires far more and far stronger objectives and authorities for our military commanders and not be simply another limiting timetable that sets unreal expectations.

Instead, this authorization should be broad and agile, and unconstrained by unnecessary restrictions. These restrictions cause not only frustration in our military and intelligence communities but they also significantly slow down the decision-making process for numerous fleeting opportunities. If this is due to a lack of confidence in our military and intelligence leadership, get rid of them and find new ones.

And if there is not a clear, coherent, and comprehensive strategy inclusive of all elements of national power forthcoming from the administration, there should be no authorization at all, simply leave the existing one in place.

There are solutions to this problem. However, solving tough, complex problems such as eliminating this radical form of Islam from the face of the planet will require extraordinary intellect, courage, and leadership. Leadership that isn’t consensus building, but thoughtful, insightful, yet, when it matters, decisive.

We have seen this type of leadership throughout world history and we have examples in our own history—Washington, Lincoln, FDR to Ronald Reagan. When faced with threats to our way of life and the lives of our friends and allies around the world—they stepped up to lead. Whether that leadership meant forcing our will on the enemy or outmatching them with our wits and imagination, they faced the difficult reality head on.

To that end, I offer the following three strategic objectives:

• First, we have to energize every element of national power in a cohesive synchronized manner—similar to the effort during World War II or the Cold War—to effectively resource what will likely be a multi-generational struggle. There is no cheap way to win this fight.

• Second, we must engage the violent Islamists wherever they are, drive them from their safe havens and kill them. There can be no quarter and no accommodation. Any nation-state that offers safe haven to our enemies must be given one choice—to eliminate them or be prepared for those contributing nations involved in this endeavor to do so. We do need to recognize there are nations who lack the capability to defeat this threat and will likely require help to do so inside of their own internationally recognized boundaries. We must be prepared to assist those nations.

• Third, we must decisively confront the state and non-state supporters and enablers of the violent Islamist ideology and compel them to end their support to our enemies or be prepared to remove their capacity to do so. Many of these are currently considered “partners” of the United States. This must change. If our so-called partners do not act in accordance with internationally accepted norms and behaviors or international law, the United States must be prepared to cut off or severely curtail economic, military and diplomatic ties.

Winning doesn’t come without cost and solving difficult messy problems is never easy, but that’s what leaders do. Let’s lead!",1
3002,Hope and hype of Hiroshima can’t conceal Obama’s dismal record on nuclear disarmament,"Seven years ago, in the Czech capital of Prague, Barack Obama delivered his first major foreign policy speech as president. To rapturous applause, he laid out his vision for “the peace and security of a world without nuclear weapons”. It earned him that year’s Nobel peace prize.

On Friday he will bookend his two terms in office with another appeal for nuclear disarmament, this time during a historic trip to Hiroshima. No other sitting US president has ever visited the Japanese city that was razed to the ground by a single atomic bomb in the final days of the second world war.

An estimated 140,000 people, almost all of them civilians, perished instantly in the vast inferno, or died within a few months from severe burns, blast injuries or radiation sickness. Many more succumbed years later to cancers and other radiation-related illnesses.

The president will make no apology on behalf of his nation for this horrific attack. That he has made clear. But most of the remaining survivors, known as hibakusha, have not demanded one. Their focus instead is on the future – how to realise the oft-cited, long-elusive goal of a nuclear weapon-free world, lest anyone else ever suffer as they have.

Many hibakusha have been dismayed by the president’s dismal record on disarmament. Setsuko Thurlow, who was 13 years old when the building she was in collapsed around her from the atomic blast, wrote in the New York Daily News last week: “We are frustrated by Obama’s eloquent propensity to say one thing and do another.”

Under the Obama presidency, contrary to perceptions, the pace of nuclear warhead dismantlement has slowed, not hastened. Indeed, the two presidents Bush and Bill Clinton each made greater gains in downsizing the colossal US nuclear stockpile amassed during the cold war.

But more alarming than this failure to destroy old nuclear weapons has been the Obama administration’s aggressive pursuit of new, “smaller” ones, for which the threshold of use would be lower, according to former military commanders.

At great expense, the president has bolstered all three components of the nation’s “nuclear triad”: the strategic bombers, intercontinental ballistic missiles and submarine-launched missiles. This was the price paid for securing Republican support in 2010 for the ratification of a modest bilateral arms reduction treaty with Russia.

Obama’s much-publicised “nuclear security summits” largely ignored the greatest source of nuclear insecurity in the world today: 15,000 nuclear weapons, including 1,800 on hair-trigger alert. Instead, they focused on measures to keep “vulnerable nuclear material” out of terrorists’ hands – a vital endeavour, certainly, but for all the fanfare the results were small.

Now the United States is stridently resisting diplomatic moves by two-thirds of the world’s nations to declare nuclear weapons illegal. It boycotted UN talks in Geneva this month aimed at setting the stage for negotiations on a prohibition treaty. But it cannot veto this initiative, just as it could not veto the processes that led to bans on landmines in 1997 and cluster munitions in 2008.

While a prohibition on nuclear weapons will not result in disarmament overnight, it will powerfully challenge the notion that these weapons are acceptable for some nations. It will place them on the same legal footing as both other types of weapons of mass destruction – namely, chemical and biological weapons.

In Geneva, Australia spoke neither for nor against a ban. Under the caretaker government, it was compelled to remain silent on matters for which there is no bipartisan agreement. The Coalition government has fervently opposed the “ban the bomb” movement, arguing that the so-called US “nuclear umbrella” guarantees Australia’s “security and prosperity”.

Labor, by contrast, has declared its firm support for “the negotiation of a global treaty banning [nuclear] weapons”, welcoming “the growing global movement of nations that is supporting this objective”. This was an important addition to its revised national platform in 2015.

Its new policy, no doubt, will prove unpopular with our powerful ally – whoever may serve as the next commander-in-chief – but it is in harmony with the policies of our nearest neighbours, from whom we have grown increasingly isolated on this issue in recent years. Among the most outspoken proponents of a ban are New Zealand, Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines and Thailand.

Australia should look to these and other nuclear-free nations in our region, and beyond, for guidance on disarmament matters – not to a nation bristling with 7,000 nuclear weapons. The US will not, alas, lead the way to a world without these horrible weapons. Even under one of its most progressive presidents, it has failed abysmally to do so.

The promise of Prague was broken. Let us not get caught up in the hope and hype of Hiroshima. To succeed in eliminating nuclear weapons, we must begin by stigmatising and prohibiting such weapons. The US will not support us in this endeavour. But the overwhelming majority of nations will. We must stand firmly on the right side of history.

The problem is not North Korea or Russia or China, or whoever else we may perceive as the enemy. The problem is the weapons these and others possess and threaten to use every day through the doctrine of “deterrence”. They are inherently indiscriminate, inhumane and immoral weapons. Soon, too, they will be illegal. Australia must stop defending them simply out of deference to its ally.",1
3067,Congress Undermines U.S. Global Economic Standing,"The debacle in Congress last week over President Barack Obama's trade agenda was further evidence that domestic political wrangling is harming U.S. leadership in the global economy.

By failing to pass Trade Adjustment Assistance, which provides help to American workers affected by international trade, Congress has raised doubts about the U.S.'s ability to conclude the Trans-Pacific Partnership, an agreement with 11 other Pacific Rim economies. It also dims the prospects for the negotiations on the Trans-Atlantic Trade and Investment Partnership with Europe.

It wasn't the first time recently that Congress sought to derail an agreement the executive branch had successfully advanced abroad. In recent months, lawmakers have again failed to approve reforms to the International Monetary Fund that were crafted by the administration, approved by most of the fund's global membership and are in the U.S. national interest (and they entail neither additional financial obligations nor an erosion of U.S. influence, representation and veto power on major IMF decisions).

As with trade, congressional blockage of IMF reforms had less to do with the merits of the case than with the posturing of individual lawmakers as they prepare to seek re-election. The dysfunction reflects a legislative branch that has been operationally undermined not just by extreme polarization of the two parties, but also by the influence of the extremes within the parties as they set up the terms of the debate for the next presidential-nomination primaries.

Outside the U.S., the image of an uncooperative Congress has also been fueled by the Republican lawmakers who took the unprecedented step of sending a letter to Iran's leadership warning that the nuclear agreement being pursued by Obama could well be overturned after the November 2016 elections.

To be fair, such signals to the rest of the world haven't been emitted by Congress alone. The administration itself slipped in its handling of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank.

Ignoring advice to join this new institution and seek to shape and influence it from within, the U.S. embarked on a concerted public campaign to block it. Those efforts were thwarted as U.S. allies joined the China-led initiative, forcing a rather embarrassing retreat.

All this justifiably worries those who believe that effective U.S. economic leadership is essential to a well-functioning global system. This is especially true now, when world growth is struggling, there are genuine concerns about currency wars and countries have fallen further behind in dealing with some collective challenges, including environmental ones.

Historically, the U.S. has been the most effective in coordinating crisis management efforts, pushing forward multilateral reforms and enabling global policy cooperation. Moreover, there is no credible alternative to U.S. leadership on the international economic stage.

The Group of Seven isn't representative of the realities of recent global economic realignments. The G-20 is unwieldy and lacks sufficient continuity. Europe, with its endless challenges, is too internally focused and preoccupied. China is hesitant to step up to broader international responsibilities. And too many international institutions are burdened with longstanding legitimacy and credibility deficits related to outmoded representation and governance features.

After Congress's loud statement last week, many hope that lawmakers will find a way to put trade authorization back on track this week. Yet such a stop-go strategy is far from cost-free. It does little to restore confidence in Congress, whose public approval rating languishes at or close to record lows. And it suggests to the rest of the world that, due to seemingly endless internal political polarization and dysfunction, the U.S. cannot be relied on to play its natural role as the world’s economic conductor.

Congress would be well advised to take note of this before turning other international economic initiatives into spectacles. And, while it is at it, it should really move to approve IMF reforms that are in both the national and global interest.

This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial board or Bloomberg LP and its owners.

To contact the author of this story:

 Mohamed A. El-Erian at melerian@bloomberg.net

To contact the editor responsible for this story:

 Max Berley at mberley@bloomberg.net",1
2912,Iran nuclear talks: What if the deal falls through?,"Washington (CNN) No deal is better than a bad deal, say critics of President Barack Obama's nuclear talks with Iran.

But what if Republican and Democratic opponents succeed in their intensifying effort to derail the diplomacy?

The price of failure could be an ugly blame game and cascade of political reprisals leading to nuclear chicken between Iran and the West -- potentially leading to war.

""We would have to deal with a resumption of Iran's nuclear activities, which we don't want to see take place. Iran would have to deal with the resumption of sanctions, which they don't want,"" said Gary Samore, a top nonproliferation official during Obama's first term.

For now, the grave consequences of a breakdown in talks are one reason the United States and Iran are still at the table, as a grueling diplomatic process reaches critical deadlines and painful political decisions beckon.

Secretary of State John Kerry and Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif are haggling over the remaining issues in Lausanne, Switzerland, ahead of an end-of-the-month deadline for a framework agreement, which then must be finalized by July 1.

But time may be running out for a deal in which six world powers would lift sanctions that have throttled Iran's economy in return for assurances that Tehran will continue to stay a year or so away from developing a nuclear bomb.

The White House puts the chances of a deal at only 50-50: Disputes still rage over the scale of nuclear infrastructure Iran will be allowed to keep, the pace of sanctions relief and the extent of nuclear site inspections.

Despite the controversy stoked last week in Washington when 47 GOP senators sent a letter to Iran's leaders warning that the future of a deal was not guaranteed, many analysts believe that the talks will go on, even if the end-of-March deadline slips.

""Not because all sides are desperate to keep talking. But I think sufficient momentum has been created in the last month or so that they see real possibilities,"" said Robert Einhorn, a former senior U.S. State Department arms control official.

Obama may now have slightly more political leeway on the talks than before -- ironically because of attempts by U.S. and Israeli critics to pen him in.

A few weeks ago, skeptical Democrats appeared to be lining up with Republicans and approaching a veto-proof Senate majority that could have forced Obama to submit a deal to Congress or accept the passage of new sanctions. Either move could have killed the agreement.

But the Republicans' letter and a fiercely critical speech to Congress by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on the proposed deal prompted some skeptical Democrats to close ranks, at least temporarily.

But Senate Republican Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told CNN's Dana Bash on ""State of the Union"" that Obama was on the cusp of agreeing a ""very bad"" deal that would allow Iran to keep its nuclear infrastructure intact. He said that if an agreement is reached, he would bring up legislation that would give Congress 60 days to back or reject a deal, despite fresh pleas from the White House for the GOP to hold off. If no deal is reached, McConnell said on Sunday that he would press ahead with toughening sanctions on Iran, he said.

Republican sources, meanwhile, said that despite the furor over the letter from the senators, no Democrats had yet formally pulled support for legislation requiring the Senate to have a say on the deal. That leaves the real possibility of a pitched political showdown on Iran in the coming months.

The opening for diplomacy is meanwhile not endless. And if no deal emerges by July, political pressure for a tougher administration stance towards Iran may be unstoppable.

If diplomacy fails, how events unfold will be dictated by how the process collapses; who gets the blame; and the political pressures exerted on Obama and Iranian President Hassan Rouhani in Washington and Tehran.

""If, at the end of June, there is not a deal, and talks have broken off, I think that it is inevitable that the Congress will adopt new sanctions legislation,"" said Einhorn, now with the Brookings Institution.

""What that will mean is the Iranians will reciprocate.""

Iran could start up centrifuges halted during the nuclear negotiations, bring more advanced machinery online and enrich uranium to the potent 20% level that would get it closer to a weapon.

And if it bars international inspectors, the world would have no idea how far Iran is from making a bomb.

The administration thinks that if the United States gets the blame for using hardball tactics that derail talks -- if, say, Congress imposes more sanctions, as administration critics want -- there is no way its international partners would keep existing sanctions in place, let alone double down and impose new ones.

In addition to unilateral U.S. sanctions Congress has imposed, the United Nations, European Union and other countries have put in place their own sanctions cutting off Iran from international partners and not just the American economy.

Cornelius Adebahr, a European security specialist at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, predicted Iran would reap a propaganda victory.

""It would give ammunition for Iran to say the U.S. is not reliable,"" he said.

Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Jim Walsh, a specialist on the talks, said the Iranian government would have little choice but to hit back at a tougher U.S. stance.

""The Iranians are just not going to take it. They are going to feel condemned to respond. Both sides will take their shovels and dig the holes deeper.""

Walsh continued, ""We would be between a lame duck (U.S.) president for whom negotiations had just failed, a weakened Rouhani, for whom negotiations have just failed, and a coming U.S. presidential election -- not exactly the best environment to return to talks and accomplish a diplomatic settlement.""

Aborted negotiations that leave Iran rededicated to its nuclear program raise the specter of Tehran with a bomb -- or some enemy country taking military action to stop it.

But critics of the deal being worked out in Switzerland don't agree that such an outcome is the likeliest scenario.

GOP hawks and Israel believe Tehran is so desperate for sanctions relief, especially at a time of low oil prices, that it will have no choice but to offer a better deal than the one currently on the table and agree to the complete halt to uranium enrichment that Israel and conservatives demand.

""If Iran threatens to walk away from the table -- and this often happens in a Persian bazaar -- call their bluff. They'll be back, because they need the deal a lot more than you do,"" Netanyahu maintained in his Congress speech.

Former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney made the case in a USA Today op-ed Friday that Obama should ""walk away from a flimsy nuclear agreement.""

Those opposed to the deal reject the administration that follow their advice would likely blow up the talks and set Washington on an inevitable path to war as the only remaining way to disable Iran's nuclear infrastructure.

Instead, GOP congressmen counter that several bills they are pushing, with significant Democratic support, do not forestall the possibility of continued diplomacy if talks fail. They say that extra sanctions would increase Obama's leverage in diplomacy, not weaken it.

Even if talks do succeed this year, the long-term future of an agreement still wouldn't be assured.

The diplomatic effort has powerful critics among hardliners in Tehran who, whatever's written on paper, could push to illicitly expand Iran's nuclear program and close in on a bomb. It's not just Republicans who fear Tehran may violate any deal or test the limits of compliance. Some people who back the talks admit that may be the case, too.

In Washington, Congress will be required to lift the existing sanctions on Iran to sustain the agreement in years to come -- a step that is hardly a given.

And the stiff Republican opposition means a deal is not assured of surviving the arrival of a new president in the White House come 2017. A future Republican president could reverse Obama's sanctions waivers fairly quickly, as the senators warned in their letter to Iran.

Whether the new president would want to do so is another matter, however, especially if Iran lives up to the terms of a deal, which would include stringent verification by international inspectors.

He or she would risk a heavy political price. A unilateral Washington pullout would likely infuriate U.S. partners and leave the rookie president facing a boiling crisis that could overwhelm the new administration's nascent foreign policy.

""That's what the administration is counting on -- if there is compliance and the deal is working well,"" said Einhorn.

Kerry reminded Congress this week that Britain, France, Germany, China and Russia would all be cosignatories of a deal.

""If all those countries have said this is good and it's working, (will a new president) just turn around and nullify it on behalf of the United States?"" he asked. ""That's not going to happen.""

Congress would face the same cost-benefit calculation when it comes to the sanctions only lawmakers can expunge. In the event of a Democratic White House victory in 2016, the congressional math could also change in favor of a deal.

And if Republicans keep their majorities, lawmakers who are bent on thwarting Obama may be less willing to handcuff a new GOP president.",1
5088,Democratic convention: passionate end to day one steadies early drama,"A stormy opening night of the Democratic convention battered the Philadelphia arena on Monday as defiant Bernie Sanders supporters resisted attempts to persuade them to embrace Hillary Clinton.

Impassioned pleas for unity from a trio of Democratic women led by Michelle Obama raised hopes that the tumultuous first day of the convention may provide catharsis.

But despite a direct plea for calm from Sanders, many of his 1,846 delegates in the arena repeatedly jeered at mentions of the party’s presumptive nominee for the first hour or two of the evening.

Only after the Vermont senator appeared on stage at the Wells Fargo Center to urge them that the decision to choose between Clinton and Trump was “not even close” did the rebellion that has divided the party for much of the year show signs that it had reached its peak.

“Any objective observer will conclude that – based on her ideas and her leadership – Hillary Clinton must become the next president of the United States,” Sanders said, after three minutes of trying to quiet the floor.

Signs that a week of big-name Democratic speakers may help overcome the uncomfortable split also emerged when the first lady delivered a speech that brought the room to a standstill.

“Because of Hillary Clinton our daughters, and all our sons and daughters, now take for granted that woman can be president of the United States,” said Obama with evident emotion in her voice.

“In this election we cannot sit back and hope that everything works out for the best ... Between now and November we need to do what we did eight years ago and four years ago,” added the first lady. “We need to pour every last ounce of our passion and our strength and our love for this country into electing Hillary Clinton as president of the United States of America.

Earlier, even a live rendition of Bridge over Troubled Water from Paul Simon, ripe with symbolism, could not disguise scenes of open revolt that proved far more vocal than expected and caused consternation on stage.

“Can I just say to the Bernie or Bust people: you are being ridiculous,” said Sanders-supporting comedian Sarah Silverman as she called for unity and backed Clinton “with gusto”.

“I will be respectful of you. And I want you to be respectful of me,” demanded Ohio congresswoman Marcia Fudge of the vocal Sanders supporters after she was repeatedly interrupted. “We are all Democrats and we need to act like it.”

The tone of the evening was set when the religious invocation at the start of the session was interrupted by rounds of competitive chanting for different corners for the room: “Bernie! Bernie!” drowned out by “Hillary! Hillary!” and back again, as the pastor stood awkwardly on stage.

Congressman Elijah Cummings had his speech about the struggle of his family against racism interrupted by Sanders supporters protesting against trade deals. Other speakers nervously approached applause lines not knowing whether they would be booed or cheered by the fractious crowd.

At times, there was a faint echo of the mood at the Republican convention last week, where every mention of Clinton’s name also prompted boos, albeit much louder and without the balancing cheers of her supporters.

During a two-minute pause while an official photograph was taken of the hall, a lone shout of “Bernie” punctuated the awkward silence.

And as a violent thunder storm forced the evacuation of marquee tents outside the arena, party officials sent a warning to those outside:

A text to Sanders delegates was also sent to try to calm the storm inside. “I ask you as a personal courtesy to me to not engage in any kind of protest on the floor,” said the text signed “–Bernie”. “It is of utmost importance you explain this to your delegations.”

Yet the anger was intensified by leaked emails suggesting bias against the Sanders campaign by party officials, and the Democratic National Committee began the night with an apology.

“These comments do not reflect the values of the DNC or our steadfast commitment to neutrality during the nominating process,” it said. “The DNC does not – and will not – tolerate disrespectful language exhibited toward our candidates. Individual staffers have also rightfully apologized for their comments, and the DNC is taking appropriate action to ensure it never happens again.”

The turning point came when Obama took to the stage, to a rapturous welcome from Democrats waving a sea of “Michelle” purple placards.

She called Clinton “the president I want for my girls” and someone “who knows that the world is not black and white and easily boiled down to 140 characters”.

“Only one person I trust with the responsibility to be president and that is our friend Hillary Clinton,” said Obama.

Massachusetts senator Elizabeth Warren, a popular figure on the left, also focused her attention on defeating Trump in a calm speech that drew out what was at stake in November’s election.

“For me this choice is personal; it’s about who we are as a people,” said Warren, blasting Trump as “a man who thinks of nothing but himself”.

In an extended call for Sanders supporters to join her on the journey toward backing Clinton, Silverman memorably described her Republican opponent as “calling people names from his gold-encrusted sandbox because [he] was given money instead of human touch”.

Richard Trumka, president of the labor organisation the AFL-CIO, struck a similar note: “He thinks he’s a tough guy. Well Donald, I worked in the mines with tough guys. I know tough guys, they’re friends of mine. And Donald, you’re no tough guy. You’re a bully.

But it fell to Sanders himself to list the ways in which Clinton’s policies increasingly matched the priorities of his supporters.

“I understand that many people here in this conventional hall and around the country are disappointed at the result ... I think it’s fair to say no one is more disappointed than I am,” he said.

“Our revolution continues … Election days come and go but the struggle of the people to create a government that represents all of us and not just the one percent continues.”

After he left the stage, an email to supporters announced he was creating a new organisation, called Our Revolution, which would “transform American politics to make our political and economic systems once again responsive to the needs of working families”.

John Parker, a delegate from Florida, said he was not too concerned with the rancor within the party on the first day of its convention.

“Democracy is not always pretty and people have the right to their opinion,” he said. “It is what it is. But look around, we’re all good now.

“There’s no choice but Hillary Clinton. We can’t take Donald Trump.”

Gary West, a Sanders supporter and delegate from Texas, said the email leaks revealed “a major bias in the party”. Having volunteered out of pocket to organize for Sanders across the country, West said he had not yet warmed up to Clinton and the controversy “made it more difficult”.

“We all suspected that these things were going on, the rigging of the primaries and the collusion between the DNC and the Hillary campaign,” West said. “And we were all told we were crazy.

“Nobody on stage has brought it up as an apology to Bernie, as an apology to the delegates.”

“It’s an uphill battle for Hillary to get the support of the progressive movement,” he added. “She has to prove herself.”",1
602,The GOP's big-money plan to save the Senate,The move would make it easier for the Trump administration to demolish the exchanges.,1
3173,Cruz blasts Trump as phony conservative in front of CPAC crowd,"Republican presidential candidate Sen.Ted Cruz blasted Donald Trump Friday as a phony conservative who must be stopped before he wins the presidential nomination.

In a speech to the annual Conservative Political Action Conference in National Harbor, Md., Cruz said, “It’s easy to talk about making America great again -- you can even put that on a baseball cap.

“But do you understand the principles that make America great in the first place?”

Cruz said Trump was in no position to answer that question.

Fresh from a bitter Super Tuesday battle and rancorous debate Thursday night, Cruz appeared relaxed in jeans. He took full advantage of Trump’s announcement earlier in the day that he would be skipping the event, which is typically considered a required stop for Republican candidates seeking to woo the conservative base.

Dr. Ben Carson, who spoke after Cruz on Friday, announced he was formally leaving the race. Sen. Marco Rubio was expected  to appear on Saturday, while Ohio Gov. John Kasich spoke earlier on Friday.

Citing rallies in Kansas and Florida, where there are upcoming primary battles, Trump demurred, leaving a hole in the CPAC schedule.

“I think someone told him (Fox News host) Megyn Kelly was going to be here,” Cruz said, joking. “But worse, he was told conservatives were going to be here. Even worse, he was told there would be libertarians here. Even worse, young people were going to be here.”

“I hope none of you have a degree from Trump University,” he said, referring to the lawsuits against Trump’s now defunct online school.

Cruz was only interrupted once by audience members chanting “Trump! Trump! Trump!” The audience applause was otherwise enthusiastic as Cruz revived a key charge against Trump from Thursday night - that he has been funding and cozying up to Democrats for years.

Referring to the loss of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia on the Supreme Court, Cruz warned that the court is now “one justice away” from the loss of religious liberty and the second amendment right to bear arms.

“Let me be very clear to every man and woman here at CPAC, I will not compromise away your religious liberty. I will not compromise away your second amendment right to keep and bear arms,” Cruz said.

He also poked at Trump, whom he said suggested in a previous debate that the U.S. should be neutral in order to negotiate in the peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians. “As president I have no intention of being neutral. America will stand unapologetically with the nation of Israel.”

Joking on stage with Fox News’ Sean Hannity, Cruz also suggested Hillary Clinton should get used to “orange pant suits” in case she's indicted in the ongoing email controversy and that for the first time, a general election debate may be “convened in Leavenworth.”",1
4689,Taking Trump voters’ concerns seriously means listening to what they’re actually saying,"Donald Trump’s supporters deserve to have their concerns taken seriously.

If the media and commentators in 2016 can agree on nothing else, it’s this. It’s a bit of an odd meme. I can remember literally no one in 2012 dwelling on the importance of taking the concerns of Mitt Romney voters seriously, even though they made up a considerably larger share of the population than Trump supporters. No one talks about taking the interests of Hillary Clinton supporters, a still larger group, seriously.

But Trump supporters, a smaller group backing a considerably more loathsome agenda, have received an unprecedented outpouring of sympathy, undertaken as a sort of passive-aggressive snipe at unnamed other commentators and politicians perceived to not be taking their concerns seriously.

“Trumpism has, in part, made the rest of the nation all the more eager to ignore the millions of white voters living on the edges of the economy,” Michelle Cottle worries at the Atlantic.

“Many decent, sincere people who feel disregarded, disrespected, and left behind — in ways that I do not feel and have never felt — can disproportionately embrace political opinions that I view as bigoted or paranoid,” David Blankenhorn empathizes at the American Interest. “Today’s upscale Americans are less and less likely even to interact with, much less actually give a damn about, those other Americans.”

“Their problems should still be addressed,” Michael Brendan Dougherty writes at the Week, “not because the elite views them as virtuous and thus deserving of the help of the state and its political class, but by virtue of our common citizenship.”

I agree with a lot of this. The government should help people who are materially struggling. Globalization definitely left some segments of the population struggling, and they deserve help. White people, while still economically dominant over black and Latino Americans in basically every way possible, can suffer from poverty too.

But there’s something striking about this line of commentary: It doesn’t take the stated concerns of Trump voters, and voters for similar far-right populists abroad, seriously in the slightest.

The press has gotten extremely comfortable with describing a Trump electorate that simply doesn’t exist. Cottle describes his supporters as “white voters living on the edges of the economy.” This is, in nearly every particular, wrong.

There is absolutely no evidence that Trump’s supporters, either in the primary or the general election, are disproportionately poor or working class. Exit polling from the primaries found that Trump voters made about as much as Ted Cruz voters, and significantly more than supporters of either Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders. Trump voters, FiveThirtyEight's Nate Silver found, had a median household income of $72,000, a fair bit higher than the $62,000 median household income for non-Hispanic whites in America.

A major study from Gallup's Jonathan Rothwell confirmed this. Trump support was correlated with higher, not lower, income, both among the population as a whole and among white people. Trump supporters were less likely to be unemployed or to have dropped out of the labor force. Areas with more manufacturing, or higher exposure to imports from China, were less likely to think favorably of Trump.

This shouldn’t be surprising. Lower-income whites are always likelier to support Democrats than other whites. It’d be very odd if Trump singlehandedly reversed that longstanding trend in American public opinion. But it suggests that the image of Trump supporters as whites on the economic margins, being failed by the elites in Washington and New York, is wrong.

So what is driving Trump supporters? In the general election, the story is pretty simple: What’s driving support for Trump is that he is the Republican nominee, a little fewer than half of voters always vote for Republicans, and Trump is getting most of those voters.

In the primary, though, the story was, as my colleague Zack Beauchamp has explained at length, almost entirely about racial resentment. There’s a wide array of data to back this up.

UCLA's Michael Tesler has found that support for Trump in the primaries strongly correlated with respondents' racial resentment, as measured by survey data. Similarly, Republican voters with the lowest opinions of Muslims were the most likely to vote for Trump, and voters who strongly support mass deportation of undocumented immigrants were likelier to support him in the primaries too.

In April, when the Pew Research Center asked Republicans for their views on Trump, and their opinions on the US becoming majority nonwhite by 2050, they found that Republicans who thought a majority nonwhite population would be ""bad for the country"" had overwhelmingly favorable views of Trump. Those who thought it was a positive or neutral development were evenly split on Trump.

By contrast, John McCain in 2008 and Mitt Romney in 2012 got less primary support from voters with high racial resentment and anti-immigration scores than they did from less racially resentful or anti-immigrant voters. Those two primaries were lost by the white nationalist wing of the Republican Party at a time when that wing was gaining in number. As New America's Lee Drutman has found, Republicans’ views of blacks and Latinos plummeted during the Obama years:

The white nationalist wing was gaining in strength, and due for a win. It got one in Trump.

Even in the general election, while support for Trump is correlated most strongly with party ID, the second biggest factor, per the analysis of Hamilton College political scientist Philip Klinkner, was racial resentment. Economic pessimism and income level were statistically insignificant.

The message this research sends is very, very clear. There is a segment of the Republican Party that is opposed to racial equality. It has increased in numbers in reaction to the election of a black president. The result was that an anti–racial equality candidate won the Republican nomination.

Given that the US is one recession away from a Republican winning the presidency, this is a concerning development.

The American press is overwhelmingly made up of left-of-center white people who live in large cities and have internalized very strong anti-racist norms. As a result, it tends to be composed of people who think of racism as a very, very serious character defect, and who are riddled with anxiety about being perceived as out of touch with “real America.” “Real America” being, per decades of racially charged tropes in our culture, white, non-urban America.

So in comes Donald Trump, a candidate running on open white nationalism whose base is whites who — while not economically struggling compared with poor whites backing Hillary Clinton and doing way better economically than black or Latino people backing Clinton — definitely live in the “real America” which journalists feel a yearning to connect to and desperately don’t want to be out of touch with.

Describing these people as motivated by racial resentment, per journalists’ deep-seated belief that racism is a major character defect, seems cruel and un-empathetic, even if it’s supported by extensive amounts of social scientific research and indeed by the statements of Trump’s supporters themselves.

So it becomes very, very tempting to just ignore this evidence and insist that Trump supporters are in fact the wretched of the earth, and to connect them with every possible pathology of white America: post-industrial decay, the opioid crisis, labor force dropouts, rising middle-age mortality rates, falling social mobility, and so on. This almost always fails (globalization victims and labor force dropouts are less likely to support Trump, per Rothwell), but if there’s even a small hint of a connection, as when Rothwell found a correlation between Trump support and living in an area with rising white mortality, you’re in luck. If you can squint hard enough, the narrative will always survive.

There’s a parallel temptation among leftists and social democrats who, in their ongoing attempt to show that neoliberal capitalism is failing, attempt to tie that failure to the rise of Trump. If economic suffering among lower-class whites caused Trump, the reasoning goes, then the solution is to address that suffering through a more generous welfare state and better economic policy, achieved through a multiethnic working-class coalition that includes those Trump supporters. Yes, these supporters may be racist, but it’s important not to say mean things about them lest they fall out of the coalition.

I actually agree that the current capitalist regime is failing. We need truly universal health care, universal child care, a universal child allowance or basic income, and programs to address deep poverty. Redistribution is a very good, necessary thing.

But we have a good case study we can examine to see if Western European–style welfare states can prevent far-right racist backlashes from popping up. It’s called Western Europe. And Sweden’s justly acclaimed welfare state did not prevent the rise of the viciously anti-immigrant Sweden Democrats, which has its origins in the Swedish neo-fascist and white supremacist movements and is now the third-largest party in Swedish parliament.

Nor did Austria’s welfare state prevent the far-right Freedom Party — led by Jörg Haider, who praised Hitler for having a “proper employment policy” — from entering government in 1999. France’s crèches and best-in-the-world government health care didn’t prevent Jean-Marie Le Pen, who has been repeatedly convicted of Holocaust denial, from reaching the runoff for the 2002 presidential elections. It has not stopped his successor and daughter Marine from leading polling for next year’s presidential elections. The Netherlands’ comprehensive welfare state has not prevented first Pim Fortuyn and then Geert Wilders from becoming major political forces, with the latter leading most polls for the next elections.

Nor has Germany’s strong, manufacturing-heavy and export-oriented economy, arguably the strongest in Europe, kept the far-right AfD party from gaining in recent local elections. It’s telling to note that while economically thriving Germany is facing a far-right menace, Spain, where unemployment is 20 percent (similar to the US in the Great Depression), has no far-right movement of much consequence.

Comprehensive welfare states are very, very good. They do not solve racism. Whites in both Europe and America have made it very clear that they will not accept becoming a demographic minority without a fight, and will continue to vote for candidates that speak to that concern and promise immigration policies that put off white minority status for as long as possible.

One thing this analysis decidedly does not imply is “Hey, Trump supporters are just racists, let’s give up on them.” Trump’s nomination is a threat to America that must be addressed and never allowed to happen again. Giving up is not an option. We have to figure out some way to respond.

Nor is somehow denying Trump supporters material support they need an option (though this is a proposal I’ve only ever heard attacked by journalists sympathetic to Trump supporters; I’ve never heard it actually proposed). Hillary Clinton, to her great credit, has offered programs ranging from expanded child care to free college to a plan to fight the opioid epidemic to child tax credit expansions to improvements to Obamacare that will leave millions of white Trump supporters much better off. This isn’t worth doing to win back their votes; it’s worth doing because it’s the right thing to do.

Notably, Trump is not proposing anything like this and would in fact raise taxes on many middle-class families. Insisting, as many journalists have, that his supporters aren’t voting for the white nationalist candidate because they agree with him on race seems like a way to be charitable to those voters. But the idea that voters are motivated by economic struggles and so are voting for a candidate who would make their economic situation far worse is much more insulting than accepting they are uncomfortable with racial equality. The implicit idea is that Trump’s voters aren’t motivated by genuine political disagreement about race, but are just dupes voting for the wrong candidate because they’re too dumb to Google his tax plan.

Any solution has to begin with a correct diagnosis of the problem. If Trump’s supporters are not, in fact, motivated by economic marginalization, then even full Bernie Sanders–style social democracy is not going to prevent a Trump recurrence. Nor are GOP-style tax cuts, and liberal pundits aggressively signaling virtue to each other by writing ad nauseam about the need to empathize with the Trump Voter aren’t doing anyone any good.

What’s needed is an honest reckoning with what it means that a large segment of the US population, large enough to capture one of the two major political parties, is motivated primarily by white nationalism and an anxiety over the fast-changing demographics of the country. Maybe the GOP will find a way to control and contain this part of its base. Maybe the racist faction of the party will dissipate over time, especially as Obama’s presidency recedes into memory. Maybe it took Trump’s celebrity to mobilize them at all, and future attempts will fail.

But Donald Trump’s supporters’ concerns are heavily about race. Taking them seriously means, first and foremost, acknowledging that, and dealing with it honestly.",1
4327,Donald Trump’s campaign of terror: How a billionaire channeled his authoritarian rage — and soared to the top of the polls,"Ever since The Donald descended that escalator at Trump Tower a couple of months ago to announce his entry into the presidential race, Democrats have been laughing. Watching the Republicans squirm and Fox News jump through hoops has made the GOP presidential primary a delightful entertainment for their rivals on the other side of the aisle. I don’t know how many of them had it in them to watch the whole Trump Town hall extravaganza in Derry, NH, on Wednesday — but those who did were unlikely to be laughing by the end of it.

There was the standard braggadocio and egomania that characterizes his every appearance and weird digressions into arcane discussions of things like building materials (for The Wall, naturally.) He complained about the press and politicians and declared himself superior to pretty much everyone on earth. But after you listen to him for a while, you come away from that performance with a very unpleasant sense that something rather sinister is at the heart of the Trump phenomenon.

Trump was still talking when Chris Hayes opened his show that night with this comment:

I want to talk about what we are seeing unfold here because I think what we are seeing is past the point of a clown show or a parody. I believe it is much more serious and much darker…You have someone now who is getting huge crowds, who is polling at the top of the GOP field, who polls show is beating Jeb Bush by 44 to 12 percent on the issue of immigration, going around the country calling little children, newborn babies, anchor babies saying that he’s going to use that term which I find a dehumanizing and disgusting term. Talking about giving the local police the ability to “do whatever they need to do to round up” the “illegals”. Building a wall, talking about basically chasing 11 million people out, talking about deporting American citizens to “keep families together”, talking about what would essentially be the largest most intrusive police state in the history of the American republic to go about this task, that is the person that is right now at the head of the Republican party’s presidential contest.

And the delirious crowd applauded all those those things just as they loudly cheered this reference to Bowe Bergdahl, the American soldier held by the Taliban for more than five years:

It’s that pantomime of him shooting Berghdahl dead and saying “when we were strong, when we were strong” that appeals so much.

Trump repeatedly paints a picture of America in decline — weak, impotent and powerless, in terrible danger of losing everything unless we get a leader who will cast off all this “political correctness,” this effete insistence on following the rules. He promises to “make America great again” by cracking down on the “bad people” and being very, very strong.

When talking about Iraq, he characterized the the Iraqi people as cowards, “running whenever the bullets are flying.” He said “the enemy has our best equipment, we have the old stuff”  and that the country is a mess because of all the “years of fighting unsuccessfully — because of the way we fight.” (The implication is that we didn’t take the gloves off.) He said, “the problem is that as a country we don’t have victories anymore. When was the last time we had a victory?” And he declared, “I believe in the military and military strength more strongly than anybody running by a factor of a billion… We are gonna make our military so strong and so powerful and so incredible, so strong that nobody’s gonna mess with us, folks, nobody. And we don’t have that right now.” This garnered huge cheers from the crowd.

On economics, it’s all about other countries taking advantage of the US.  He said, “They’re up here, we’re down there. I don’t blame China or Mexico or Japan. Their leaders are smarter and sharper and more cunning — and that’s an important word, cunning — than our leaders. Our leaders are babies…our country is falling apart.” He explains the problem:

China is killing us. They’ve taken so much of our wealth. They’ve taken our jobs. They’ve taken our business, they’ve taken our manufacturing, [audience member screams out “our land”] Our land? The way they’re going they’ll have that pretty soon.Think about it, we have rebuilt China — somebody said to me “that’s a harsh statement”  — it’s the greatest theft in the history of the United States.  Now I have great respect for China and their leaders.  The largest bank in the world is from China. They’re a tenant of one of my buildings. I love China I think it’s great.  But we don’t have the people that know what they’re doing so … they’re killing us. You know what that is? They call it a sucking action. They’re sucking the jobs and the money right out of our country.That’s what they’re doing. We’ve rebuilt China. They have bridges, they have airports so do other countries and we’re like a third world country…They’re taking our jobs, they’re taking our money.They take our jobs they take everything and we owe them money. How does that happen? It’s magic.  That’s not gonna happen with Donald Trump.

If a person feels as if this country isn’t what it used to be, that they’ve lost their place, that their future isn’t promising, Donald Trump is telling them right up front that foreigners are to blame. It isn’t the government being unwilling to collect taxes from people like Donald Trump so we can build infrastructure — we’re rebuilding China instead of our own country. It isn’t that we spend vast sums of money to maintain the world’s only superpower military, it’s that people from other countries are stealing us blind. And Trump will fight all these foreigners to take our country back from them wherever they are. Of course, there is no foreigner who is wrecking this once great country more than the undocumented immigrant and he plans to cleanse our culture of their evil influence: …we have crime all over the country, we have … the borders, the southern border is a disaster…The other night a 66 year old woman, a veteran, raped sodomized, brutally killed by an illegal immigrant. We gotta stop we gotta take back our country. We’ve gotta take it back! [huge applause] I love this country and I know that I can make it great again. We have to build a wall, we have to get the bad people out. A lot of the illegals, if you look at Chicago with the gangs,… you look at Baltimore, you look at Ferguson, a lot of these gangs, the most vicious, are illegals. They’re outta here. The first day I will send those people … those guys are outta here. [cheers] They talk about guns, I’m a big second amendment person, I believe in it so strongly [cheers]. Big.  But they talk about guns and you look at Chicago, Chicago has the toughest gun laws in the US by far, and people are being shot with guns all over the place. You need enforcement but you also have to get the bad people out, the people that aren’t supposed to be here and we’re gonna get em out so fast, so quick — and it’s gonna be tough. It’s not gonna be “oh please will you come with us please will you please come with us.” Because you know these law enforcement people, and I know the guys in Chicago, the police commissioner’s a great man. They can do it, if they’re allowed to do it. I know the guys, I know em, New York, they’re great. Bratton, great. They can all do it. They can all do it. But they have to be allowed to do their job, they have to be allowed to do their job. [Cheers] It isn’t just liberals like Chris Hayes who are becoming alarmed by this. Republican strategist Alex Castellanos sees the attraction of Trump in similar terms: When a government that has pledged to do everything can’t do anything, otherwise sensible people turn to the strongman. This is how the autocrat, the popular dictator, gains power. We are seduced by his success and strength… As our old, inflexible government grows beyond its capacity to service a complex and adaptive society, and its failures deface our landscape, it creates demand for efficiency. Who can bring order to this chaos? Who has the guts and the strength to make the mess we have made work? Then, the call goes out for the strongman. Who cares what he believes or promises? And with the voice of the common man, though he is anything but, the strongman comes and pledges to make America great again. Castellanos agrees with Trump that America is going to hell in a handbasket largely due to liberal failure, but doesn’t think that consolidating power in the hands of a single billionaire is a great way to deal with it. It’s easy to dismiss Trump’s ramblings as the words of a kook.  But he’s tapping into the rage and frustration many Americans feel when our country is exposed as being imperfect. These Republicans were shamed by their exalted leadership’s debacle in Iraq and believe that American exceptionalism is no longer respected around the world — and they are no longer respected here at home. Trump is a winner and I think this is fundamentally what attracts them to him: I will be fighting and I will win because I’m somebody that wins. We are in very sad shape as a country and you know why that is? We’re more concerned about political correctness than we are about victory, than we are about winning. We are not going to be so politically correct anymore, we are going to get things done. But his dark, authoritarian message of intolerance and hate is likely making it difficult for him, or any Republican, to win a national election, particularly since all the other candidates feel compelled to follow his lead. (Those who challenged him, like Perry and Paul, are sinking like a stone in the polls.) And while Trump’s fans may want to blame foreigners for all their troubles, most Americans know that their troubles can be traced to some powerful people right here at home.  Powerful people like Donald Trump. Still, history is littered with strongmen nobody took seriously until it was too late. When someone like Trump captures the imagination of millions of people it’s important to pay attention to what he’s saying. For all his ranting, you’ll notice that the one thing Trump never mentions is the constitution.",1
2084,“There is such a thing as being too late”: Obama issues a desperate call for a global climate deal,"The global climate negotiations scheduled to take place at the end of this year in Paris are not a time for empty rhetoric or half-hearted commitments to cutting down on greenhouse gas emissions, President Obama reminded the world Monday evening. On the contrary, he stressed, “This year, in Paris, has to be the year that the world finally reached an agreement to protect the one planet that we’ve got — while we still can.”

Speaking at a meeting of Arctic Circle nations in Anchorage, Alaska, Obama outlined the science behind his urgent call for climate action, and stressed that failure, this time, is not an option. “On this issue, of all issues, there is such a thing as being too late,” he said. “That moment is almost upon us.”

The warning rings frighteningly true, as time is indeed running out not just for an Obama climate deal, but for any climate deal. As talks began last year in Lima, Peru for a draft of the agreement intended to be signed and sealed this December in Paris, experts reminded the delegates that the world has already used up nearly two-thirds of its carbon budget — the amount of carbon we can continue to pour into the atmosphere while still having a chance at keeping warming below two degrees Celsius. It’s a limit, some experts contend, that we’ve already in effect blown past. Yet with the day of reckoning nearing, negotiations aren’t where they should be, to say the least: fewer than 60 countries, representing just 61 percent of the world’s emissions, have submitted their goals for cutting back, many of which are considered to be not nearly ambitious enough. In June, U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon complained that talks were moving “at a snail’s pace.”

Obama emphasized that the U.S. is on track to meet its submitted goal — a 26 to 28 percent decrease in emissions from 2005 levels by 2025 — thanks in large part to the finalization of the EPA’s new regulations for coal-fired power plants. There is, unfortunately, still reason to doubt the sincerity of the president’s commitment to the radical action he says is needed. Obama continues to press the fact that climate change is not only real — deniers, he scoffed, are “on their own shrinking island” — but a crisis that we’re experiencing right now, a point driven home by his decision to speak from Alaska, where the impacts of climate change are already taking a significant toll. Yet at the same time, his administration has allowed Shell to go ahead and drill for oil in the Arctic, a decision that to many feels irreconcilable with his insistence that the world must address the key causes of climate change as quickly as possible — not to mention the contention, among experts, that our best hope of preventing climate catastrophe requires us to leave all of the Arctic’s oil and gas reserves in the ground. “I am not trying to suggest that there are not going to be difficult transitions that we all have to make,” Obama conceded. Still, he said, “This is within our power. This is a solvable problem if we start now.”",1
1155,Missing on GOP debate stage: A future president (Opinion),"Mel Robbins is a CNN commentator, legal analyst, best-selling author and keynote speaker. In 2014, she was named outstanding news talk-radio host by the Gracie Awards. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author.

It was a verbal cage fight. There was no winner -- only a loser, the American people.

Fox News' Bret Baier started the debate by asking the audience to behave as if they were sitting between a library and Red Wings game.

It was a request the audience ignored by hooting, jeering, cheering and booing throughout the entire debate.

It went downhill from there, fast.

As the first question went to Trump, my husband said, ""He says the same thing every time."" I answered: ""Yes because it works and he's winning.""

In less than seven minutes, Trump was making a reference to his own penis size.

""(Rubio) referred to my hands, if they're small, something else must be small,"" he said. ""I guarantee you, there's no problem.""

This debate was somewhere between a cage fight and a reality show. It had plenty of insults, bickering, private parts and bad spray tans. But it lacked what America needs.

It lacked policy. It lacked substance. And it lacked something very important: a future president.

Tonight, it became clear that the GOP would rather be angry, broken and righteous than win an election. Americans are supporting Trump because they are angry, they are sick of Washington, they want to see change and they want an outsider. I can respect that, and I understand it.

Trump was so out of control with his insults and trash talk. It got old fast. I've written extensively about Trump for CNN.com.

Here's the crazy part. It doesn't matter. He's still going to be the GOP nominee.

In the most interesting moment of the debate, Fox's Megyn Kelly confronted Trump with video clips of him contradicting himself. It was the first time Trump was differential.

They showed Trump clips of himself reversing his decision on Afghanistan, on Syrian refugees and on George W. Bush and the issue of weapons of mass destruction. It was the only time he wasn't on the attack. He explained his flip-flopping by saying ""you have to show a degree of flexibility.""

Yet overall Trump's campaign is based on only two words: ""Believe me."" It'll be Trump and Rubio heading into the GOP Convention.

John Kasich was the smartest and most reasonable guy on the stage, and he promises not to leave anyone ""behind."" However, he's been left behind. It's over.

Cruz proved Thursday night that he's too ""scary"" to moderates and independents to win a national election.

And Rubio had some incredible moments -- particularly when he addressed the issues related to Flint's water crisis and when he was asked directly about comparing Trump to Kim Jong Un of North Korea. But he couldn't rise above the screaming match that Trump created. He tried to rise above it. But he was still the ""little"" Rubio, as Trump has said.

This was embarrassing to watch, and if the next four years are marked by the kind of nastiness we saw on the stage tonight, that's down right scary.",1
486,Senators Seek ‘Living Wage’ for Capitol Hill Contractors,"A group of senators is calling for higher wages and better health care for the contractors who work in Senate office buildings.

Private companies receive contracts to provide many of the services for government buildings on Capitol Hill, from running the cafeterias to cleaning offices to restoring aging buildings.",1
2735,Brian Williams Under Fire Over His Shifting Story Of Iraq Helicopter Attack,"""On this broadcast last week, in an effort to honor and thank a veteran who protected me and so many others after a ground-fire incident in the desert during the Iraq War invasion, I made a mistake in recalling the events of 12 years ago,"" Williams said. ""It did not take long to hear from some brave men and women in the air crews who were also in that desert. I want to apologize.""

He clarified Wednesday that he had been in a helicopter following the one hit by an RPG. He recalled how his NBC News team and the air crew next ""spent two harrowing nights in a sandstorm in the Iraq desert,"" a detail that is not in dispute.

The on-air apology, however, may not suffice. Williams' public recollection of the events that day has changed several times over the past decade, ranging from his being unaware of the lead helicopter having been struck when changing course, to his apparently witnessing the attack, to his most recently claiming that he was in the rocket-damaged helicopter.

The Iraq helicopter controversy is the first to shake Williams' decade-long tenure as anchor of ""NBC Nightly News,"" the top-rated evening newscast. A network star, he may be able to ride out the unflattering press and social media swipes. But the same might have been said about then-""CBS Evening News"" anchor Dan Rather, whose career at the network unraveled in 2004 after bloggers challenged documents he reported as detailing the young George W. Bush's service in the Texas Air National Guard.

""I don't know the particulars about that day in Iraq. I do know Brian,"" Rather said in a statement provided to The Huffington Post. ""He's a longtime friend and we have been in a number of war zones and on the same battlefields, competing but together. Brian is an honest, decent man, an excellent reporter and anchor -- and a brave one. I can attest that -- like his predecessor Tom Brokaw -- he is a superb pro, and a gutsy one.""

Williams, reporting from Kuwait City, described how the lead helicopter pilot of four Chinooks flying in formation had observed a man in a pickup truck fire an RPG and another man shoot a rifle. Williams didn't say in the report that the helicopter in which he was traveling had been hit. He noted that ""all four choppers dropped their load and landed immediately.""

""We quickly make our drop and then turn southwest,"" Williams said. ""Suddenly, without knowing why, we learned we’ve been ordered to land in the desert. On the ground, we learn the Chinook ahead of us was almost blown out of the sky.""

That version of the story, in which Williams doesn't witness the attack, matches what former crew members told Stars and Stripes. They described the anchor as being ""nowhere near"" the attack, having arrived in a fourth helicopter about an hour after the three helicopters in front were forced to make an emergency landing.

In a television segment on Downing's death, Williams said that the helicopters ""we were traveling in at the start of the Iraq War were fired on and forced down for three days in a stretch of hostile desert in a sandstorm."" He didn't distinguish between an RPG and small-arms fire, such as from a rifle.

A couple of months later, Williams again suggested that his helicopter had been fired upon. In a Sept. 12, 2007, interview with Gen. David Petraeus, he said that ""at the start of the war, when I was flying in a Chinook with General Downing, that helicopter was shot at by a farmer.""

Later that month, he recounted the story to David Letterman, saying that ""two of our four helicopters were hit by ground fire, including the one I was in -- RPG and AK-47.""

 

 On Jan. 30 of this year, Williams recalled on the ""Nightly News"" that the ""helicopter we're traveling in was forced down after being hit by an RPG."" The segment was offering tribute to Sgt. Tim Terpack, who led the platoon that protected the NBC News crew in the desert that day. Williams and Terpack were shown at a New York Rangers game while the arena announcer described how the anchor's ""Chinook helicopter was hit and crippled by enemy fire.""",1
3809,Obama administration announces halt on new coal leases,"The Obama administration announced Friday it will temporarily halt new coal leases on federal lands until it completes a comprehensive review to determine whether fees charged to mining companies provide a “fair return” to taxpayers.

The decision immediately triggered accusations from business groups and Republican lawmakers of a renewed ""war on coal.""

Interior Secretary Sally Jewell, on a conference call, stressed that the move “is not a pause on coal production” entirely -- but will give the government time to study the benefits of coal as well as its impact on the environment.

Jewell told reporters she is “confident” the pause on new leases will not disrupt the country’s ability to meet production needs.

Karen Harbert, president and CEO of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Institute for 21st Century Energy, slammed the decision. Herbert called the move “a foolish crusade” that strips America of one of its “diverse mix of energy sources.”

""Another day, another front on the war on coal from this administration,” she said in a statement following the announcement. “At this point, it is obvious that the president and his administration won't be satisfied until coal is completely eradicated from our energy mix.”

Roughly 40 percent of the coal produced in the United States comes from federal lands. The vast majority of that mining takes place in Wyoming, Montana, Colorado, Utah and New Mexico.

It's unclear what impact the moratorium will have on many coal companies given the declining domestic demand for coal and the closure of numerous coal-fired power plants around the country. Coal companies have already stockpiled billions of tons of coal on existing leases.

But the announcement will no doubt please environmental groups that have long said the government's fee rates encouraged production of a product that contributed to global warming.

Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell called Friday's announcement the ""latest front in an ideological war on coal that has contributed to devastation in communities in Eastern Kentucky and to the loss of thousands of jobs across the commonwealth.""

The administration held a handful of public hearings last year to get feedback on the adequacy of the fees charged companies for coal mined on federal lands. The government collects a 12.5 percent royalty on the sale price of strip-mined coal. The rate was established in 1976. The money is then split between the federal government and the state where the coal was mined. Coal companies also pay a $3 fee annually for each acre of land leased.

Government auditors have in the past questioned whether the rate provided an appropriate return, though they did not make specific recommendations to raise it. Industry groups counter that any increase in royalty rates will hurt consumers and threaten high-paying jobs.

President Obama said during the State of the Union address Tuesday that he would push to change the way the federal government manages its oil and coal resources.

The review will look at such issues as how, when and where to lease, how to account for the public health impacts of coal, and how to ensure American taxpayers earn a fair return on their resources.  An administration official noted that reviews of the federal coal program have occurred twice before, once in the 1970s and again in the 1980s, and pauses on the approval of new mining leases accompanied each review.

Jewell said some exceptions to the moratorium will be allowed, most notably for small lease modifications. And while the federal government will proceed with environmental reviews for pending lease applications, no final decision will be made.

The administration held hearings in Montana, Wyoming, Colorado and New Mexico last year on the federal coal program. Several people representing tribes, local ranchers and environmental groups spoke in favor of increasing royalty rates, saying it would hasten the transition to cleaner energy sources.

Several GOP lawmakers sent staff to relay their concerns about the Interior Department's efforts.

For example, Penny Pew, a district director for Republican Rep. Paul Gosar of Arizona, said that ""President Obama and his agency minions are trying to put the coal industry out of business by imposing a flurry of draconian mandates not based in reality.""

Meanwhile, David J. Hayes, a senior fellow at the liberal-leaning Center for American Progress, said Thursday the current rules for coal mining on federal lands were written when people could still smoke on planes and dump sewage in the ocean.

""President Obama and (Interior) Secretary (Sally) Jewell are absolutely right to launch this comprehensive review and to set the federal coal program in a more fiscally and environmentally responsible direction,"" Hayes said.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2386,"ObamaCare has cancer. And if it’s not treated quickly and aggressively, it will die","Cancer is the proliferation and growth of abnormal cells that, over time, can invade tissue and cause severe damage to the body’s organs. It’s often hard to spot in its early stages, but once it’s detected, it can reach a point of no return if it isn’t treated.

That’s where ObamaCare is today. It has cancer. And if it is not treated quickly and aggressively, it will die.

The cancer started to grow soon after the Affordable Care Act went into effect, but the spread was too slow to display visible damage. But now it’s detectable, and it has started to invade much of the U.S. economy and our health care systems. Here are some of the symptoms:

Declining enrollment numbers. ObamaCare was designed to provide quality health insurance to people who couldn’t afford it – and for a few years we saw a significant number of early adopters. But a disproportionate number of them were people who previously couldn’t buy health insurance because it was too expensive or because the insurance companies wouldn’t cover their pre-existing conditions. After the ACA was passed, they jumped at the chance to get insurance – and there was a benefit for them.

But look at what’s happening now: The projected number of enrollees for 2016 – 20 million on the federal and state health exchanges – has been cut in half to 10 million, according to Health and Human Resources Secretary Sylvia Burwell. Most of the shortfall is attributed to young, healthier individuals who have decided not to sign up. But their contribution to the system is critical, because it helps cover the losses of the older, less healthy people who participate.

If the government’s marketing efforts are successful and those who are already enrolled don’t drop out, the government predicts that 3 to 4 million people will join the system next year. But the economics that were the basis of financing ObamaCare have already been sliced in half, and there is no plan to compensate for the shortfall that will result.

Rising premiums. In the past few weeks, many state insurance regulators have approved all or most of the premium increases sought by the largest health plans in their states. When ObamaCare went into effect, many of these plans offered low rates, anticipating that they would bring in new customers.

Instead, they dug themselves a very deep hole. The customers they took on were less healthy than they expected, and they cost them much more than they’d anticipated. They priced themselves at an unsustainable rate, and now they can’t dig out because the projected number of new members has been cut in half.

You don’t need a math degree to know what a company facing this kind of loss will do to stay afloat: It will raise its prices. This change in market dynamics also has fueled a consolidation in the insurance industry, which will result in decreasing competition that will face a lot of resistance and could drive costs even higher.

The demise of the co-ops. Health care cooperatives – non-profit alternatives to for-profit insurers – were designed to drive more competition among insurers and provide more choices for consumers, especially in places where those choices are limited.

The government set aside billions of dollars in loans to prop up these co-ops, but many have failed in the last couple of months because they lacked the infrastructure they needed to market their product and they failed to understand the risk pools of the populations they were insuring.

A major flaw in government budgeting across healthcare.gov, the state exchanges and the co-ops has been the inability to forecast accurately what it will take to make new models work and keep them running. We have seen numerous explosions along the way because of this. The co-ops’ failure could indicate what will happen to underfunded state exchanges, as well.

 

 Another key ObamaCare provision whose outcome is still in limbo is the Accountable Care Organizations, which were set up to improve the efficiencies of care.

The jury is still out on whether ACOs will be able to deliver quality care, but it is very clear that they have not received the money they need to share information across key stakeholders and coordinate care that is truly cost effective.

Employer Backlash. While the number of people without health insurance has gone down in five years from 17.5 percent to 10.7 percent, most of that is due to a vast expansion of Medicaid and to subsidies that help lower-income people buy insurance. Most of the coverage gains did not come from workers getting affordable health care from their employers.

For many employees on or near minimum wage, the plan options their employers offer are still not affordable. And in a bizarre twist, the health care law considers a worker able to afford employer-sponsored insurance if it costs 9.5 percent or less of his annual household income. But how do employers know how much the household income is when they don’t employ the entire household?

 

 In an effort to stay afloat and not pay a penalty, some employers have resorted to coaxing their employees to get coverage from private or public exchanges. But when employees choose to go without coverage, they don’t get the care they need, and that becomes a huge problem for employers when they get sick and don’t show up to work.

At the same time, insurers are becoming increasingly reluctant to offer policies to small employers, since the employees who sign up for the insurance tend to be the ones who are less healthy and cost more. As a result, many insurers have started gaming the system – offering policies for the first year, as required by law, and then using a loophole in the law that allows them not to renew.

The projections of ObamaCare’s success were overestimated. The projections of its cost were underestimated. And we still haven’t found a way to provide health care for everyone at a price that is sustainable and ensures quality care for the long haul. There is a consistent theme in all of this: ObamaCare has cancer, and it’s spreading. Its diseased organs are now surfacing.

It’s time to recalibrate the financing of the Affordable Care Act, subject it to a rigorous analysis of what works and what doesn’t and present a new business plan that American taxpayers can live with.

Dr. Sreedhar Potarazu is an acclaimed ophthalmologist and entrepreneur who has been recognized as an international visionary in the business of medicine and health information technology. He is the founder of VitalSpring Technologies Inc., a privately held enterprise software company focused on providing employers with applications to empower them to become more sophisticated purchasers of health care. Dr. Potarazu is the founder and chairman of WellZone, a social platform for driving consumer engagement in health.",1
4370,President Obama's persistent and puzzling passivity on terrorism,"As soon as the terror in Brussels ended, the post-terror rituals began. Photos and videos of the carnage emerged, victims were given names and faces and allies expressed their sorrow and pledged assistance. Citizens of Brussels, following the lead of New Yorkers after 9/11 and Parisians after two attacks last year, created shrines and odes to the dead.

In America, security ramped up as millions feared their cities would be next, and officials vowed to harden our defenses in the fight against ­Islamic State.

Unfortunately, the rituals also include President Obama doing something stupid.

After each atrocity, Obama acts weirdly detached, a pattern that continued after Brussels. His happy-go-lucky tourist antics in Cuba, followed by tango dancing in Argentina, provided a shocking contrast to fear at home and manhunts in Europe.

To continue reading Michael Goodwin's column in the New York Post, click here.

Michael Goodwin is a Fox News contributor and New York Post columnist.",1
2018,Jeb's invisible man strategy,"Des Moines, Iowa (CNN) In the so-called Invisible Primary of 2016, Jeb Bush is the invisible man — and he prefers it that way.

After taking the political world by surprise in early January with the formation of a shiny new political committee, Bush has largely receded from public view, instead putting an acute focus on raising money and building what his growing team of aides describe as a ""shock and awe"" campaign operation.

Aside from some previously-booked paid speeches, a series of banal postings on Instagram and Twitter and a few random run-ins with scrap-hungry reporters, the former Florida governor seems determined to avoid the traps of the horse race-driven daily news cycle and the expectations game that comes with it.

Bush's mission in these early days of the cycle is to keep his head down and raise as much money as possible in an effort to muscle out his closest Republican rivals, hire a talented staff and build a high-octane campaign apparatus that can go the distance against Hillary Clinton in 2016.

""There is a lot going on under the surface,"" said one Bush-aligned strategist who, like most allies interviewed for this story, refused to talk on the record about any campaign plans. ""He is still in the process of considering whether to run, but we are building and organizing. It's a pretty muscular financial and political organization.""

His staffers, meanwhile, are fiercely tight-lipped about his plans and calendar, including a forthcoming book rollout, offering only the blandest of comments to reporters.

""I like to ski, I can't comment,"" Bush told one reporter.

When big issues have surfaced -- like President Barack Obama's dramatic changes to the country's decades-old Cuba policy -- Bush has played it safe, opting to make his opinions known on Facebook rather than on television news.

Bush's decision to shun the limelight in January 2015 makes sense to veterans of the presidential process. Though the 2016 race would be his first presidential bid, Bush seems determined to avoid the flame wars and Twitter spats that other first-time candidates are dabbling in, attention-sucking moments that can distract a candidates and staffers from their day-to-day goals.

""There is still plenty of time,"" said Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad. ""The caucuses are more than a year away.""

Bush's most high-profile appearance came last Friday during a paid speech to the National Automobile Dealers Association convention in San Francisco. Close-political watchers mined his appearance for clues about a possible message, but he revealed little new about his thinking beyond now-familiar calls for immigration reform and a more ""adult"" political tone in Washington.

Bush advisers are promising a splashier showing on Feb. 4, when Bush is set to address the Detroit Economic Club, a frequent stopover for ambitious Republicans.

In the meantime, Bush has been flying around the country courting big Republicans donors and asking them to contribute to his political action committee, Right to Rise PAC, and an affiliated super PAC.

""It's a smart strategy, because you have got to have a lot of money to run,"" said Iowa Sen. Charles Grassley, who said Republicans ""will have a better chance"" in 2016 if they nominate a governor or ex-governor not associated with the unpopularity of Congress.

According to some Republicans, the Bush committees together are raking in daily sums in the mid-to-high six figures, an intake that should guarantee an impressive showing once the first fundraising quarter concludes in March.

""Other candidates aren't doing that,"" said one unaffiliated Republican in Washington who had been recently briefed on the fundraising.

Still, Bush backers vigorously deny a report from earlier this month that they are planning to haul in $100 million in the first quarter, a near impossible goal.

Much of the news about Bush's financial activities is emerging from supportive donors leaking tidbits to reporters. On the staff side, it's no-comment, all the time.

""It's the Jeb Bush culture,"" said one Florida Republican who knows the likely candidate. ""It's consistent with how he ran previous campaigns. Consistent with how he governed. Focus is execution, getting things done and lack of turmoil. That's the goal anyway. You always fall short from time to time.""

The no-nonsense posture of Bush-world makes for a striking contrast when compared to the daily palace intrigue swirling around Romney, Bush's closest competitor for establishment Republican support.

Ever since Romney told a room full of New York donors — many of them already committed to Bush — that he was seriously considering a 2016 bid, seemingly every Romney meeting, lunch, phone call and ""private meeting"" has surfaced in the press.

The read-all-about-it Romney drama is fueled, in part, by a circle of advisers that forged chatty relationships with the national press over eight years of campaigning and are happy to puff up their boss in the media. But despite Romney's bold moves in recent weeks, even some of his most devoted aides remain uncertain about his 2016 chances. Some believe he's best-positioned in a wide-open field while others are more torn about his re-emergence, but remain loyal to him nonetheless.

Romney's will-he-or-won't-he act has a short shelf life, a range of top Republicans and donors groused to CNN.

""I think there is a clear connection between endless leaks about high-level staff meetings and tremendous campaign insecurity,"" said one senior Republican sympathetic to Bush who has spoken with people in both the Bush and Romney orbits. ""Jeb-land seems too busy organizing to worry about leaking trivia.""

Romney is expected to make a decision about the race in the next two weeks, according to people who have spoken with him in recent days.

But Bush's quick start might have already boxed out Romney on the fundraising front. In Republican financial circles, talk over the last week has centered on how Bush has already secured commitments from a large swath of Romney's biggest bundlers and contributors, raising the former Massachusetts governor's barrier to entry.

Bush is also ahead of Romney in the race for campaign talent, though the hiring process is moving at a somewhat slower pace than the money chase.

Since before the holidays, Bush's two closest political advisers — Sally Bradshaw and Mike Murphy — have been recruiting staffers and consultants with a blizzard of phone calls and a cascade of meetings in Washington and elsewhere. They have focused heavily on staff talent from party committees in Washington and consultancies with ties to the Republican establishment. Already, Bush has tapped U.S. Chamber of Commerce political director Rob Engstrom, who helped engineer the Republican establishment's national drubbing of the tea party in 2014, as a top adviser.

It remains unclear who will run the campaign. Bradshaw, several Republicans said, is likely to remain in a senior adviser role. Sara Taylor Fagen, an Iowa native and former political director for George W. Bush, has been frequently mentioned as a likely campaign manager. Fagen did not respond to a request for comment.

Several Republicans familiar with the moves said Bush's high command has been very aggressive on the digital side, promising to build a state-of-the-art data and digital operation. Bush team has had conversations with a variety of top digital firms in Washington, and Chris Georgia, a former digital staffer for the National Republican Congressional Committee now working for Bush, has already tried to hire away staffers from a handful of leading digital firms.

In the pivotal early caucus and primary states of Iowa, New Hampshire and South Carolina, Bush has been careful to manage expectations, moving slower than most of his rivals. Bush has called the Iowa GOP Chairman, Jeff Kaufman, and Grassley said he has made arrangements to speak with Bush on Tuesday. He has also dialed some party leaders in New Hampshire and South Carolina, but for now appears to be relying on goodwill from early state veterans of his father's and brother's political orbits.

Bush is also keeping an eye on Michigan, which has yet to move its primary date from a February slot to later in the year despite the threat of penalties from the Republican National Committee. Former Michigan governor John Engler is keeping tabs on on the state's primary for Bush and his team.

Bush's organizational strength, fundraising prowess and blooming establishment support have impressed Washington insiders. But his strengths have yet to be tested in the wilds of the campaign trail, where goodwill for Romney still lingers among rank-and-file Republicans. Bush will have to introduce himself to Republican voters, hold steady throughout the ups-and-downs primary grindhouse and explain thorny positions to a GOP electorate that has drifted right since Bush last held office almost a decade ago.

At some point in the coming months, Bush will have to show some more leg to the public.

In Iowa, Branstad said he spoke to Bush about coming to an Agriculture Summit for presidential candidate in March. Bush, he said, ""has some real interest in that.""

""My advice to all the candidates is come early and come often,"" Branstad said. ""I hope he does.""",1
3641,"Charlie Hebdo attack: Suspects' names, photos released","(CNN) French police say two suspects in Wednesday's terrorist attack on Charlie Hebdo magazine are still on the loose after escaping onto the streets of Paris.

In a statement on their website, French national police ask for information on the whereabouts of suspects Cherif Kouachi and Said Kouachi, warning that both could be armed and dangerous.

Police released photos of the two men, who Paris Deputy Mayor Patrick Klugman told CNN are brothers in their 30s.

Cherif Kouachi, left, and Said Kouachi, right, are suspects in the Paris attack.

Police found an ID document of Said Kouachi at the scene of the shooting, CNN affiliate BFMTV reported. ""It was their only mistake,"" said Dominique Rizet, BFMTV's police and justice consultant, reporting that the discovery helped the investigation.

Citing sources, the Agence France Presse news agency reported that an 18-year-old suspect in the attack had surrendered to police. CNN has not independently confirmed whether the suspect has surrendered.

Police fanned out across France in an intense manhunt for the suspects, who were masked and dressed in black when they burst into the satirical magazine's office Wednesday, killing 12 people.

A tactical unit was deployed in an operation about a 144 kilometers (about 90 miles) from Paris in Reims, France, following the attack, CNN affiliate BFMTV reported. Authorities haven't revealed details about the target of the operation, but speculation surged in French media that investigators could be closing in on the suspects.

French authorities vowed to step up security and apprehend those responsible.

""Everything will be done to arrest (the attackers),"" French President Francois Hollande said in a speech Wednesday night. ""... We also have to protect all public places. Security forces will be deployed everywhere there can be the beginning"" of a threat.

It's too soon to say whether the suspects were operating alone, CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank said.

The gunmen said they were avenging the Prophet Mohammed and shouted ""Allahu akbar,"" which translates to ""God is great,"" Molins said.

A witness who works in the office opposite the magazine's told BFMTV that he saw two hooded men, dressed in black, enter the building heavily armed.

""We then heard them open fire inside, with many shots,"" he said. ""We were all evacuated to the roof. After several minutes, the men fled, after having continued firing in the middle of the street.""

The men reportedly spoke fluent French with no accent.

One unsettling video, posted to YouTube, shows two men shooting on a Paris street, then walking up to and firing point-blank at a seemingly wounded man as he lay on the ground.

Video shows a gunman approaching his getaway car and raising his finger in the air in what appears to be a signal, possibly to another vehicle or other people who might have played a role in the attack, a Western intelligence source briefed on the French investigation told CNN.

'Parisians will not be afraid'

At an event in Paris' Place de la Republique, demonstrators held up pens in honor of the slain cartoonists and chanted, ""We are Charlie!"" Pictures posted online showed similar demonstrations in other cities, including Rome, Berlin and Barcelona.

""Parisians will not be afraid,"" Klugman said. ""We will fight terrorism with our common values, freedom, freedom of speech, freedom of the press. ... We are at war, but we still want to behave as a leading democracy.""

Armed soldiers could be seen standing guard outside monuments, in transit stations and elsewhere in well-trafficked spots around France by Wednesday evening.

Police impounded a black Citroen in northeastern Paris similar to the one purportedly used by the attackers as a getaway car. Video from CNN affiliate BFMTV shows the vehicle being towed from Porte de Pantin, in Paris' 19th district.

Investigators will do a complete DNA work-up on the Citroen, including soil signatures that might suggest where the gunmen came from, a Western intelligence source briefed on the probe told CNN.

The same source said that French authorities are searching all travel records from the past 17 days to see whether any of the attackers entered the European nation over the holidays. This includes checks at Charles de Gaulle and Orly airports, as well as whatever limited information is available from train stations.

Thursday will be a national day of mourning for those killed in the attack, Hollande said. He asked for a moment of reflection Thursday and said flags will be at half-staff for three days.

Its last tweet before Wednesday's attack featured a cartoon of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.

Earlier cartoons depicting the Prophet Mohammed spurred protests and the burning of the magazine's office three years ago.

A year later, in an interview with Le Monde newspaper, Charbonnier gave little indication that he planned to change Charlie Hebdo's ways.

""It may sound pompous,"" he said, ""but I'd rather die standing than live on my knees.""

The attack on the magazine spurred a wave of support for the publication and its practices around France and the world.",1
1556,Why the Ted Cruz-Marco Rubio debate mattered most (+video),"Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio, both rising in the polls, staged their own spirited debate on immigration and national security in Tuesday's Republican presidential debate.

Marco Rubio, left, and Ted Cruz, right, both speak as Ben Carson, second from left, and Donald Trump, second from right, look on during the CNN Republican presidential debate at the Venetian Hotel & Casino on Dec. 15, 2015, in Las Vegas.

In the final Republican presidential debate of 2015, no subplot mattered more than the growing feud between Sens. Ted Cruz of Texas and Marco Rubio of Florida.

Senator Cruz, surging in the polls, is an anti-GOP-establishment outsider – like front-runner Donald Trump – but with stronger conservative bona fides than Mr. Trump and significant appeal among evangelicals.

Senator Rubio, now polling third nationally, represents a kinder, gentler face of Republicanism, one with a more collegial relationship with fellow senators than Cruz and more potential to attract swing voters in the general election.

With Trump’s national lead continuing to grow, to the chagrin of party leaders, the battle to become the main alternative to Trump is more pitched than ever as the kickoff Iowa caucuses on Feb. 1 draw closer.

But the battle didn’t play out Tuesday night in attacks on Trump. Indeed, Cruz and Rubio both went easy on the flamboyant billionaire, in a likely effort to woo his supporters should they cool to his unorthodox campaign persona and style. Instead, the two Cuban-American senators went after each other in Las Vegas on national security and immigration, the evening’s dominant themes in the wake of terror attacks in Paris and San Bernardino, Calif. Here’s how those exchanges played out:

NSA phone record surveillance. Rubio has been going after Cruz lately over his vote for the USA Freedom Act, which imposed new limits on the collection of phone metadata by US intelligence agencies in an effort to protect civil liberties.

“I promise you, the next time there is attack on – an attack on this country, the first thing people are going to want to know is, why didn't we know about it and why didn't we stop it?” Rubio said Tuesday. “And the answer better not be because we didn't have access to records or information that would have allowed us to identify these killers before they attacked.”

Cruz defended the legislation as expanding the potential universe of records the government has access to. What he didn’t say is that the government now must get a court order to access them, which defenders say does not represent a serious hurdle.

Defense spending and approach to Islamic State. Rubio also went after Cruz for voting multiple times against legislation that authorizes defense spending.

“You can’t carpet bomb ISIS if you don’t have planes and bombs to attack them with,” Rubio charged, referring to the so-called Islamic State. “They cannot be defeated through air forces.”

Cruz has promised to “carpet bomb” ISIS with air strikes, and is less enamored of sending US ground troops to Syria and Iraq than is Rubio. In the debate, he defended his “no” votes against the defense authorization act as fulfillment of a promise to oppose the federal government’s authority to detain US citizens without due process.

Cruz also tried to lash Rubio to the policies of President Obama and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, the front-runner for the Democratic nomination.

""We need to focus on killing the bad guys, not getting stuck in Middle Eastern civil wars,"" Cruz said.

Immigration. For Rubio, this issue is the most fraught, as it gives some conservatives pause over his candidacy. As a new senator, he co-authored comprehensive immigration reform legislation, only to renounce the bill – which included a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants.

Rubio has sought to paint Cruz as favoring “legalization” of the undocumented, over his support for big increases in the caps on green cards and the number of visas for high-tech workers. Cruz has since backed off that position, and in the debate, he fought back.

“I led the fight against [Rubio’s] legalization and amnesty,” Cruz said, adding that “to suggest our record's the same is like suggesting the fireman and the arsonist have the same record because they are both at the scene of the fire.""

In debate post-mortems, both senators were deemed to have had strong performances, and their duel is likely to intensify in the weeks ahead.

That Cruz and Rubio are both Cuban-American first-term senators in their mid-40s may be an accident of history, but it matters to a Republican Party anxious to showcase diversity. Whether either could make major inroads into the Hispanic vote is an open question, particularly for Cruz, who doesn’t speak Spanish and who only uses his heritage to highlight his Cuban-born father’s journey to freedom in the US.

Rubio, on the other hand, is fluent in Spanish and has made his Cuban-immigrant parents’ humble lives as service-workers a central part of his optimistic view of the American dream.

If any of the Republican candidates are capable of channeling Ronald Reagan, whose sunny demeanor helped him to the presidency twice, it may be Rubio. Likability is a key ingredient to presidential campaign success, and if support for Trump begins to wane, one can’t assume that his voters go to Cruz.

“Too often [Cruz’s] message seems negative, and I think that’s a challenge for him,” says Henry Barbour, Republican national committeeman from Mississippi, speaking before Tuesday’s debate. “The key is to come across as the guy with the positive agenda – the Ronald Reagan of the group. And everybody wants to be the Ronald Reagan.”",1
322,"David Sweat shot, captured alive after New York manhunt","Malone, New York (CNN) After a massive, more-than-three-week manhunt for David Sweat, the escaped murderer is back where he started -- in custody.

Authorities said a New York State Police sergeant -- identified as Jay Cook -- spotted Sweat, and after Sweat ran, the sergeant gave chase.

""At some point, running across a field, he realized that Sweat was going to make it to a tree line, and possibly could have disappeared, and he fired two shots,"" New York State Police Superintendent Joseph A. D'Amico told reporters.

Sweat, who was unarmed, was hit twice in the torso.

A photo exclusively obtained by CNN shows Sweat in custody moments after his capture. He appears bloodied and was wearing a camouflage outfit, not prison garb.

He was taken into custody in the town of Constable, in upstate New York, very close to the Canadian border.

""I can only assume he was going for the border, that he was that close,"" D'Amico said.

Sweat was captured about 16 miles north of the location where fellow escapee Richard Matt was killed last week. The officer was alone when he shot Sweat.

Sweat was transported to the Alice Hyde Medical Center in Malone, an officer at the hospital told CNN. He was later moved to Albany Medical Center, where he was listed in critical condition, according to Dennis McKenna, medical director there.

Emergency, trauma, intensive care, radiology and vascular surgery specialists are involved in his care, McKenna said.

No law enforcement officers were injured during Sweat's apprehension.

""The nightmare is finally over,"" said New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo. ""We wish it didn't happen in the first place. But if you have to have it happen, this is how you want it to end.""

Sweat was imprisoned at the Clinton Correctional Facility for shooting dead an officer who pursued him after a robbery he committed.

Guards discovered them missing on June 6, during a routine bed check.

Law enforcement experts stressed Sunday that it's crucial Sweat survive so that officials can learn exactly how he and Matt escaped, and who helped them.

""Now that we have Mr. Sweat, it gives us the opportunity to have some more questions and provide more facts on the overall situation,"" Cuomo said. ""Anyone who we find who was culpable and guilty of cooperating in the escape will be fully prosecuted.""

D'Amico told reporters that investigators haven't yet interviewed Sweat, but that they hope to soon.

Investigators have questioned guards at the Clinton Correctional Facility about what conversations they had with the escapees about life outside the prison, according to a law enforcement official.

They believe Sweat and Matt were gathering information for almost a year about hunting cabins and the fields around the prison to help them navigate the terrain.

It's believed their conversations with the guards might have given the escapees some knowledge of how to get around, the official said.

Earlier Sunday, about 1,300 federal, state and local law enforcement officers were searching vehicles at roadblocks and scouring dense woods in upstate New York for Sweat.

Searchers had at times followed two sets of footprints, but when they gunned Matt down one day after his 49th birthday, there was no sign of Sweat nearby.

So, on all-terrain vehicles and in helicopters, they continued looking for the man who eluded them for three weeks, using infrared vision devices to peer through the night.

D'Amico admitted that authorities had a hard time tracking the fugitives and offered a possible explanation: pepper.

""We believe that possibly these two males were using pepper to throw the scent off of the dogs that were tracking them,"" he said.

The search Sunday was focused on an area along New York's State Route 30 between County Route 41 in the town of Malone and County Route 26 in the town of Duane.

Audra Buchanan of Constable said she was stunned to hear recently that Sweat could be near her home.

""We were so nervous,"" she said. ""We've had our housed locked down.""

When she saw on CNN that Sweat had been shot and was in custody, she said she felt ""an incredible sigh of relief.""

When she heard sirens and saw ambulances fly by her home, she thought, ""Oh my God, thank God!"" she told CNN's Suzanne Malveaux.

Her 9-year-old daughter has been begging to go outside and play for weeks, and Buchanan said she's glad she can now let her.

Sweat's mother described a similar feeling of relief. Pamela Sweat spoke to Time Warner Cable News after her son was captured.

""We started crying because (he) wasn't killed,"" she said.",1
2797,"Obama opens up on Iran: What he's learned about war, Republicans, and his foreign policy","Toward the end of our meeting with President Obama, one of us asked whether the Iran nuclear deal might change the future of that country's poisonously anti-American politics, and Obama drifted from the technical and political details he'd otherwise focused on into something of a more reflective tone.

""I just don’t know,"" he said, leaning back a bit in his chair for the first time since he'd arrived. ""When Nixon went to China, Mao was still in power. He had no idea how that was going to play out.

""He didn’t know that Deng Xiaoping would suddenly come in and decide that it doesn’t matter what color the cat is as long as it catches mice, and the next thing you know you’ve got this state capitalism on the march,"" Obama said, paraphrasing the famous aphorism by Mao's successor that capitalistic policies were acceptable if they helped China. ""You couldn’t anticipate that.""

It was surprising to hear Obama, normally more restrained in how he discusses the Iran nuclear deal, refer to it, however cautiously, as a moment when the arc of history might curve.

It was one of several interesting moments during an intimate 90-minute meeting Obama held with 10 journalists in the Roosevelt Room at the White House on Wednesday. What follows is a description of that conversation and what it reveals about how the president sees the nuclear deal and the larger problems of the Middle East, as well as the opposition to the deal, a subject he returned to frequently and at times with a visceral frustration that seemed to verge on disgust.

But Obama's primary message was one of certainty. That the meeting was on the record — such gatherings, a routine event at the White House, are normally off the record — spoke to this, as did his easy manner and his eagerness to discuss fine-grained details of the deal, as well as criticisms.

""Of all the foreign policy issues that I've addressed since I've been president,"" he said, ""I've never been more certain that this is sound policy, that it's the right thing to do for the United States, that it's the right thing to do for our allies.""

Since world powers had reached the agreement on limiting Iran's nuclear program, three weeks earlier in Vienna, Obama has calibrated his remarks on the deal to a narrow political mission: Get it enough support to get past Congress. That has meant emphasizing only ways in which the deal will serve US (and Israeli) security interests to limit Iran's nuclear program, and downplaying everything else.

To hear him draw a connection between the nuclear deal and China's transformation, then, was striking. It suggested that Obama, though he has repeatedly insisted he does not expect the character of Iran's regime to change, does see it as a possibility, one potentially significant enough that it evokes, at least in his mind, President Nixon's historic trip to China.

At the same time, the lesson Obama seemed to draw from the comparison was not that he, too, was on the verge of making history, but rather that transformations like China's under Deng, opportunities like Nixon's trip, can have both causes and consequences that are impossible to foresee. His role, he said, was to find ""openings"" for such moments.

He cited his 2012 trip to Myanmar — the first ever by a sitting president, and part of his effort to reopen the dictatorship to the world — and his detente with Cuba.

With regards to Myanmar, also known as Burma, ""we still don’t know yet how that experiment plays itself out,"" he said. In listing Myanmar's reforms since his trip, he mistakenly referred to dissident Aung San Suu Kyi running for president — in fact, the regime has barred her from running — before realizing his error and correcting himself. It was an unintentionally revealing comment, hinting at the ways that reforms can reverse and ""openings"" can close.

""We don’t know whether it’s going to get over the hump and suddenly Burma is completely transformed, or whether it retrenches as the generals in that country get scared about losing their privileges and prerogatives,"" he went on. ""But what we’ve done is we’ve created a possibility for change.""

His point seemed to be that he could imagine such a possibility for an opening in Iran as well, though the results were uncertain. He said of Iran's future, echoing his point about Myanmar, ""We don’t know how it’s going to play itself out.""

From there, Obama drifted back to discussing what he had brought us to the White House to discuss, which was his case for the Iran nuclear deal, which meant reasserting, as he had many times before, that the deal did not assume Iran's good behavior on nuclear issues but rather that it was a means for enforcing it.

He was careful at all times not to premise the deal on Iran's good intentions, much less the country undergoing any sort of transformation. Still, in that unguarded moment, he seemed to suggest a hope that the deal could help create ""a possibility for change"" all the same.

Several times, Obama was asked — and resisted answering — a simple question: What is his plan if the deal falls apart?

Congress, for example, could block the deal, something that looked more possible by Friday, when Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer announced he would oppose it. Yet while Obama was eager to talk about why killing the deal would be bad, all the ways that it would allow Iran's nuclear program to proceed and set back US foreign policy, he refused to say what he would do if that happened. At one point, when one of the journalists present began asking about his plan B, Obama cut him off, joking that he wanted to save the journalist from wasting his question.

Politically, it's understandable that he'd refuse to answer: if he says he has no Plan B, he would look foolish, but if he says he has a good plan B, he would make it easier for Republicans to justify killing the deal. Yet it's an important question.

The closest he got to providing an answer was when he was challenged on whether the only alternative to the deal was really war, as he's frequently asserted. He did not describe a clear plan B, but he did rule out a number of options.

""I do not say that a military option is inevitable just to be provocative, just to win the argument. Those are the dictates of cold, hard logic,"" he said.

If Congress killed the deal, ""doubling down on unilateral sanctions"" against Iran would not be enough, he said, to get another deal. And he was ""quite certain"" that it would not be possible to ""force our P5+1 partners [the world powers that are party to the nuclear deal] or other countries, like India or South Korea or even Japan"" to go along with Congress's demand to set a new, higher bar for what the nuclear deal has to accomplish.

If that happens, he said, ""we’ve sort of run out of options at that point. ... At minimum, what we’ve done is we’ve put Iran in the driver’s seat."" In one scenario, he said, Iran could pull out of the deal and resume its nuclear development immediately: ""The scenario that everybody talks about happening 15 years from now happens six, nine, 12 months from now.""

In another scenario, Iran would declare its intention to abide by the deal. Sanctions would fall away, Russia and China would exploit the opening to hijack the process, and the US would possibly, he said, be excluded from the inspections regime and enforcement systems set up by the deal. In other words, the US would get shut out of the very process of monitoring Iran's behavior that it had set up.

""In that scenario, then, Iran is going to get some of that sanction relief anyway, and our credibility in terms of now being able to exercise any influence on how the Security Council thinks about this thing has been completely eroded,"" he said. ""I’d have to talk to the lawyers as to what standing we would even have, since Congress would have rejected this deal, for us to be a party to it, in which case we’re not in the room, potentially.""

Any of these, he said, would make it easier for Iran to grow its nuclear program and harder for the US to do anything about it: ""In almost every scenario, our ability to monitor what’s happening in Iran, our ability to ensure that they are not breaking out, our ability to inspect their facilities, our ability to force them to abide by the deal has gone out the window.""

Obama would not spell out what he planned to do in such a scenario, but he did say he would try to piece together a new sanctions coalition, though he was not optimistic about it. ""Maybe it’s possible that for a certain period of time we can hang on to the Europeans — not certain; maybe. Maybe we can twist some arms to have some of our Asian allies hang on,"" he said.",1
1224,Why Bernie Sanders's campaign makes me worry about how he’ll manage the White House,"Of late, Bernie Sanders has been under assault from the technocratic wing of the Democratic Party. The charge? His campaign has circulated economic projections that show stunning — and rather implausible — benefits from Sanders's agenda.

Sanders's ""promises runs against our party's best traditions of evidence-based policy making and undermines our reputation as the party of responsible arithmetic,"" wrote four Democratic ex-chairs of the White House's Council of Economic Advisers. ""These are numbers we would describe as deep voodoo if they came from a tax-cutting Republican,"" agreed Paul Krugman.

Amidst this onslaught, Steve Randy Waldman has penned what is, I think, the best defense of Sanders. He admits that the campaign's policy proposals are sketchy and the economic projections it's circulating are fantastical. But he argues that none of that really matters.

The president's ""role is to define priorities that must later be translated into well-crafted policy details,"" he says. ""In a democratic polity, wonks are the help.""

Waldman has a point. If elected president, Sanders could certainly get some top economists to tighten his policies. He would have the vast machinery of the federal government available to sweat the details. The best experts in academia would be honored to advise him. Every think tank in town would produce reams of research on how to implement his ideas.

And, hell, let's just be honest: All this policy talk is just a way to pass the time between now and the election. It doesn't matter how strong Bernie Sanders's single-payer health care plan is — it's not going to pass, just like Donald Trump isn't going to get Mexico to pay for a wall and Hillary Clinton isn't going to get universal pre-K past a Republican Congress and Ted Cruz isn't going to set up a value-added tax.

It's obvious that debating the details of campaign proposals is, on some level, fantasy football for wonks. Events will intercede, bureaucracies will weigh in, Congress will balk, promises will be broken. Remember when Barack Obama ran for president opposing an individual mandate and then flip-flopped and supported one? So what's the point of paying attention to any of this at all?

As someone who pays quite a lot of attention to campaign policy processes, here's my answer: Watching a candidate run his campaign's policy processes is one of our best ways of predicting how he would run his White House.

The key word there, by the way, is run. Some of the most important decisions the president makes are about how to run the processes that translate vision into policy. Those decisions include whom to hire, which advisers to listen to, which ideas make sense, which strategies are likely to work. The presidency is one damn decision like that after another. Obama, famously, is so exhausted by the decision fatigue of the job that he wears the same color suit every day so he has one less thing to decide in the morning.

This is one way in which campaigns give us insight into presidencies. Presidential candidates also have to decide whom to hire, which advisers to listen to, which ideas are truly good ones, which strategies are likely to work. To make those decisions well, they need a sound philosophy, yes, but they also need to want to hear good advice, they need to want advisers who will tell them when they're wrong, they need to have good instincts for when something they want to believe is true simply isn't, and they need to be realistic about the strategies that are likely to work and the ones that aren't.

My worry about Sanders, watching him in this campaign, is that he isn't very interested in learning the weak points in his ideas, that he hasn't surrounded himself with people who police the limits between what they wish were true and what the best evidence says is true, that he doesn't seek out counterarguments to his instincts, that he's attracted to strategies that align with his hopes for American politics rather than what we know about American politics. And these tendencies, if they persist, can turn good values into bad policies and an inspiring candidate into a bad president.

The reason I care about the puppies-and-rainbows promises of his single-payer proposal is that I think Sanders believes them — I don't think he's a cynical politician simply eliding the weaknesses of his plan. The reason I care about his campaign's circulation of fairly outlandish economic projections is that it makes me worry there's no one around Sanders with the sense to say that those results don't pass the smell test. The reason I'm frustrated by Sanders's promise that a political revolution will overcome all opposition to his plans is I think he believes it, and so I'm not sure he has a real plan B for when the political revolution doesn't happen. The reason Sanders's persistently superficial answers on foreign policy matter to me is that they're a test of his ability to learn on the fly about topics he's not terribly interested in.

In a democratic polity, wonks are the help. But that only underscores the importance of electing someone good at hiring and managing them. A President Sanders could hire excellent technocrats to help him make policy, but would he want to? A President Sanders could surround himself with experts who know the shortcomings of his ideas, but would he listen to them? A President Sanders could become deeply engaged on foreign policy, but would he decide to?

Management isn't the sexiest or most inspiring of topics. But, as Jimmy Carter can tell you, it matters. A good vision can be destroyed by a bad strategy; high ideals can be muddied by weak staffing; a pure heart can be led astray by bad advice.

There are plenty of criticisms to be made of Obama's presidency, but I think the baseline competence of his administration has begun to dim memories of how important presidential management really is.

The Bush administration was, from this perspective, a genuine disaster — a festival of tax cuts that didn't make sense and wars that were ill-planned, and all of it run by a man who clearly couldn't separate experts from hacks (""Heckuva job, Brownie!"") and good advice from ideological fantasies. I have always thought this story, reported by Megan McArdle, showed the mundane ways in which Bush's deficiencies diminished his presidency:

A senior economic adviser for George W. Bush once told me a rather haunting story about the administration’s decision to sign the 2002 farm bill ... Like virtually all sound economists, Bush’s advisers disliked the bill, a subsidy-laden monstrosity that was considerably worse than the farm bill that had preceded it in 1996—but they reluctantly allowed it to go forward, because they thought passing the farm bill would buy legislative support for something they considered even more important: the authority the president needed to advance the next round of treaty negotiations at the World Trade Organization. As compromises go, this one didn’t seem too bad, so Bush’s advisers put on their game faces as the president signed it into law on May 13, 2002, with a touching speech about providing a safety net for farmers. All went well until later, when someone cracked a joke about how ""we don’t need another farm bill."" The president, shocked, demanded an explanation. ""What’s wrong with the farm bill? No one told me to veto the farm bill."" The adviser wasn’t trying to hide the football, but had just assumed that Bush knew. So had everyone else. It was so obvious to economists, no one thought to tell the president.

On the other hand, George W. Bush's father wasn't the most brilliant policy mind to ever occupy the Oval Office, but he was an excellent manager who chose good staff, made decisions he didn't like but knew were necessary, and ran a competent and mostly scandal-free bureaucracy. There's a reason esteem for his presidency has grown greatly since he left office.

Voters are hiring managers, and the presidential campaign is a long, strangely constructed job interview. Among the qualities people are looking for are inspiration and decency, and Sanders has shown he has both in spades. But the presidency demands more than that, and Sanders's success means he needs to show he's up to the more mundane rigors of the job, too.",1
2775,"After vowing to end two wars, Obama may leave three behind","President Obama’s decision to expand the U.S. war effort in Iraq and Syria is a reflection of the conflicting pressures on a commander in chief who doubts that military force alone can end the conflicts in those countries, but who also feels compelled to act in the face of a humanitarian catastrophe and a growing threat to the United States.

The president on Friday said that he was sending about 50 Special Operations troops to northern Syria to work with Kurdish and Arab fighters battling the Islamic State. The deployment, though small, marks the first full-time deployment of U.S. forces to the dangerous and chaotic country.

The troops will be accompanied by more U.S. attack planes, based across the border in Turkey, and plans for more joint raids — led by Iraqi counterterrorism forces — to capture and kill Islamic State leaders.

The troops, planes and plans for more raids represent an “intensification” of the president’s existing strategy, said senior administration officials. Few of those officials, however, suggested that the moves would be enough to break open the stalemated conflict or produce sudden battlefield gains.

“This is a very complex battle space, and we’re not directly involved in the way we’ve been in the past,” said a senior administration official who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations.

Without a clear overarching strategy to resolve the conflict, “we’re looking at things in a granular way,” the official said. The goal, for now, is simply to incrementally reinforce those areas that are working and abandon initiatives that are not.

Obama began his second term having brought one war in Iraq to an end and pledging to bring home America’s ground troops from a second in Afghanistan. To that end he set hard limits on U.S. deployments and firm time frames for the withdrawal of U.S. forces.

Before deploying forces, Obama would regularly demand that his commanders explain the “theory of the case” behind the moves. The phrase is evocative of the president’s legal training and his deep skepticism that U.S. military power can bring lasting change to broken societies. He wanted assurances that the operations would work as intended as well as coherent explanations of how and when they would end.

As he nears the end of his presidency, Obama faces the prospect that he will leave office with ground forces deployed to three combat zones.

Last month, the president said he would keep 5,500 ground troops in Afghanistan to advise struggling Afghan army and to pursue the remnants of al-Qaeda. In Iraq and Syria, the president has incrementally boosted the U.S. force, beginning an initial deployment of several hundred troops to Iraq in 2014, after Iraqi army forces in Mosul were overrun by Islamic State fighters. The president sent 450 more American trainers and advisers after Iraqi forces were routed at Ramadi by a much smaller Islamic State force in the spring.

Those forces were supposed to work with the Iraqi army and local tribal fighters to plan an offensive on Ramadi that has largely stalled. “We have four axes converging on Ramadi, and on any given day, none of them makes any movement at all,” said a senior U.S. official involved in the war planning.

Frustrated with the lack of progress, Obama in July made a rare visit to the Pentagon to push Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter and his top commanders for options to increase the intensity of U.S. military operations without putting U.S. troops in a direct combat role.

More ambitious and costly measures such as no-fly zones or buffer zones that would require tens of thousands of ground troops to effectively protect civilians were rejected. Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Rodham Clinton has said that she favors a no-fly zone in Syria. Other riskier proposals, such as the introduction of Apache helicopters or combat advisers who would move closer to the front lines and call in airstrikes or bolster the Iraqi attack on Ramadi, weren’t explicitly rejected but were deemed unnecessary for now.

The president’s final decision balanced his desire for the United States do more with his determination to keep American forces from being pulled too deeply into conflicts in which U.S. effectiveness was limited or where there were no clear military solutions.

The 50 Special Operations troops and the new attack planes heading to Syria and Turkey will bolster Kurdish and Syrian Arab forces that were able to make surprising gains over the summer with the backing of U.S. warplanes.

“The success in northern Syria wasn’t the result of any strategic planning,” said a senior defense official who tracks operations in the region. “Really, it was an opportunity that fell into our laps.”

Syrian Arab and Kurdish forces have fought to within 30 miles of Raqqa, the Islamic State’s de facto capital. With additional American help, U.S. officials said the fighters could isolate the city, cutting its supply lines running up to the Syrian border.

Over the longer term, U.S. officials said that a loose coalition of Syrian Arab, Turkmen and Kurdish fighters might be able to dislodge the Islamic State from a 68-mile stretch of the border, creating a space where refugees can find haven. The hope is that the coalition can also begin to provide some level of governance and take part in diplomatic negotiations to replace Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.

But even the most optimistic U.S. officials said such an outcome could take years.

In the near term, administration officials expressed cautious optimism that the combination of more U.S. air power, a bigger Iraqi push against Islamic State forces in Ramadi along with Kurdish and Syrian Arab efforts in Raqqa and along the border could shift the momentum on the battlefield.

“If you get all these things in motion, you put a lot of pressure on the Islamic State to move and communicate,” a senior U.S. official said. “As they do, they become targets.”

So far, it’s a strategy that hasn’t draw much support in Washington. Republicans and some Democrats, who have been pressing Obama to do more, criticized the president’s caution.

“His incremental step-by-step approach is an effort to manage risk and keep tight reins on the mission, but ultimately it could mean that the whole is less than the sum of its parts,” said Michele Flournoy, the chief executive officer of the Center for a New American Security, who was among Obama’s top choices to be defense secretary last year before Carter was selected.

Flournoy said the addition of U.S. air controllers to call in airstrikes, a more robust bombing campaign and more support to moderate rebels, combined with the measures the president is already taking, could accelerate gains on the battlefield.

“If he took these actions all at once, it could have a greater impact,” she said.

Some liberal Democrats described the president’s moves as a slippery slope to a deeper U.S. commitment. Rep. Jim McGovern (D-Mass.) called the president’s announcement last week the “latest in a series of alarming signs that the U.S. war against ISIS will continue to accelerate in the absence of congressional action.”

White House officials, meanwhile, described the president’s moves as the product of hard lessons learned on a complicated and chaotic battlefield. “We always envisioned this as a three-year campaign,” the senior U.S. official said. “In year one we learned some of our local partners did well and others didn’t. So we are doubling down on those who did well.”",1
144,Barack Obama Marks 50th Anniversary Of 'Bloody Sunday' With Powerful Speech In Selma,"WASHINGTON -- President Barack Obama joined nearly 100 members of Congress in Selma, Alabama, on Saturday for the 50th anniversary of ""Bloody Sunday"" -- a watershed moment of the civil rights movement -- where he honored the men and women who stood their ground in a violent confrontation with police at the Edmund Pettus Bridge.

""We gather here to honor the courage of ordinary Americans willing to endure billy clubs and the chastening rod, tear gas and the trampling hoof; men and women who despite the gush of blood and splintered bone would stay true to their North Star and keep marching toward justice,"" Obama said in a soaring speech that addressed race and civil rights.

The president hailed Selma as a city of extreme importance to America's history -- on par with wartime settings of Concord, Lexington and Gettysburg, and places where innovation took great strides such as Kitty Hawk and Cape Canaveral. And he paid deference to the foot soldiers who sparked a movement: Rep. John Lewis (D-Ga.), Joseph Lowery, Hosea Williams, Amelia Boynton, Diane Nash, Ralph Abernathy, C.T. Vivian, Andrew Young and Fred Shuttlesworth, among others.

""What they did here will reverberate through the ages,"" Obama said. ""Not because the change they won was preordained, not because their victory was complete, but because they proved that nonviolent change is possible; that love and hope can conquer hate.""

In attendance for the event were Bernice King, the daughter of Martin Luther King Jr., and Lewis, who rallied alongside the civil rights leader and still bears visible scars from his involvement in the marches from Selma to Montgomery, Alabama. Joining them at the famed bridge were thousands of citizens, civil rights activists and politicians, including former President George W. Bush and his wife, Laura.

""We don’t need the Ferguson report to know that’s not true,"" he said. ""We just need to open our eyes, and ears, and hearts, to know that this nation’s racial history still casts its long shadow upon us. We know the march is not yet over, the race is not yet won, and that reaching that blessed destination where we are judged by the content of our character -- requires admitting as much.""

But he noted that race relations in the country had come a long way since Selma, pointing to major progress in gender and marriage equality. ""What happened in Ferguson may not be unique, but it’s no longer endemic, or sanctioned by law and custom; and before the civil rights movement, it most surely was,"" he said.

Obama also took direct aim at Congress for failing to reauthorize the Voting Rights Act, one of the major achievements of the civil rights movement that arguably owes its existence to the confrontation in Selma. Republicans on the Hill stand broadly opposed to renewing the law, with no signs of bringing it up for a vote.

""How can that be?"" Obama asked. ""The Voting Rights Act was one of the crowning achievements of our democracy, the result of Republican and Democratic effort. President Reagan signed its renewal when he was in office. President Bush signed its renewal when he was in office. One hundred Members of Congress have come here today to honor people who were willing to die for the right it protects. If we want to honor this day, let these hundred go back to Washington, and gather four hundred more, and together, pledge to make it their mission to restore the law this year.""

""What is our excuse today for not voting? How do we so casually discard the right for which so many fought? How do we so fully give away our power, our voice, in shaping America’s future?"" he asked.

""You are America. Unconstrained by habits and convention. Unencumbered by what is, and ready to seize what ought to be,"" he said. ""For everywhere in this country, there are first steps to be taken, and new ground to cover, and bridges to be crossed. And it is you, the young and fearless at heart, the most diverse and educated generation in our history, who the nation is waiting to follow.""",1
750,"Ryan meets Trump, says ‘very encouraged’ but unity will take time","Donald Trump and Paul Ryan might not have built the bridge but they at least may have established the framework toward presenting a unified front against Democrats in November, after their sit-down Thursday morning on Capitol Hill.

Following a bruising primary season where Trump and House Speaker Ryan were publicly cool toward one another, the two met at Republican Party headquarters in downtown Washington, and later described it as a “great conversation.”

Much was at stake for the presumptive nominee, for Ryan and for the party itself. The meeting was called after Ryan last week declined to endorse Trump – at a press conference following the meeting, Ryan still would not publicly do so.

Reprising comments from a day earlier, Ryan said: “This is a process. It takes a little time. You don’t put it together in 45 minutes. … I don’t want us to have a fake unification process here.”

At the same time, Ryan said he was “very encouraged” and they are “planting the seeds” to get unified.

Trump on Thursday had lined up three meetings with members of the Republican establishment he’s spent much of his campaign railing against. He met first with Ryan and RNC Chairman Reince Priebus, who also tweeted that the meeting was a “very positive step toward party unity.” He then sat down with House GOP leaders, followed by a meeting with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., and other top Senate Republicans.

“While we were honest about our few differences, we recognize that there are also many important areas of common ground,” Trump and Ryan said in a joint statement. “We will be having additional discussions, but remain confident there’s a great opportunity to unify our party and win this fall, and we are totally committed to working together to achieve that goal. … This was our first meeting, but it was a very positive step toward unification.”

A source inside the first meeting also described it as “very positive” and a “good step toward achieving party unity.” According to the source, Trump and Ryan discussed a range of policy issues. The source would not characterize, though, whether Ryan was “there” yet on Trump himself.

But the source provided an unvarnished assessment to Fox News: “No B.S. Very helpful.”

On the sidelines, lawmakers had conflicting views over how to handle Trump as their party nominee.

Pro-Trump Rep. Chris Collins, R-N.Y., told Fox News he’s “baffled” by colleagues who won’t get behind Trump.

Sen. John Thune, R-S.D., though, said he’s among those “who would love to see [Trump] tone it down.”

On Wednesday, explaining his hesitation about outright endorsing Trump, Ryan said he wanted to pursue ""real unification"" among Republicans after a hotly contested primary campaign.

""We cannot afford to lose this election to Hillary Clinton,” Ryan said at a news conference Wednesday.

In a closed-door GOP meeting Wednesday, a number of Republicans stood up and argued in support of Trump, with one saying that anyone who cares about ""unborn babies"" should get behind him because of the likelihood the next president will make Supreme Court appointments, and Trump's would be better than Clinton's, lawmakers who were present told the Associated Press.

Others expressed reservations, and asked Ryan to raise concerns with Trump about where he really stands on social issues and budgetary policies, including changes to Social Security and Medicare. Trump has said in the past that he doesn't want to touch Social Security or Medicare, whereas Medicare cuts have been a centerpiece of GOP budgets Ryan has shepherded over the years.

Earlier Wednesday, Trump sought to downplay the stakes of his visit with Ryan, telling ""Fox and Friends"", ""If we make a deal, that will be great. And if we don't, we will trudge forward like I've been doing and winning all the time.""

Trump's allies and advisers have repeatedly insisted that he can claim the White House with or without leading congressional Republicans. Additionally, Trump's team doesn't believe Ryan or the GOP's other congressional leaders have any significant influence on the majority of general election voters.

Some congressional Republicans have made clear that they would like to see Ryan come around to supporting Trump sooner rather than later.

""Donald Trump is unifying the party already,"" said Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-Ala., Trump's chief Washington ally. ""The party is the people who vote.""

Another Trump supporter, Rep. John Fleming, R-La., predicted it was ""very unlikely"" that Ryan would not ultimately back the Republican nominee.

Wednesday night, Trump's campaign released an endorsement signed by the chairs of seven House committees. ""It is paramount that we coalesce around the Republican nominee, Mr. Donald J. Trump,"" the GOP lawmakers wrote.

While Trump's team is prepared to shrug off much of the party's establishment, that does not include the RNC.

The political novice plans to rely heavily on the committee's expansive political operation to supplement his bare-bones campaign, which has so far ignored seemingly vital functions such as voter data collection, swing-state staffing and fundraising infrastructure.

""As we turn our focus toward the general election, we want to make sure there's the strongest partnership,"" said Sean Spicer, the RNC's chief strategist.

Absent a viable Republican alternative, there were new signs on Capitol Hill that Trump's conservative critics were beginning to fall in line.

""As a conservative, I cannot trust Donald Trump to do the right thing, but I can deeply trust Hillary Clinton to do the wrong thing every time,"" said Rep. Trent Franks, R-Ariz., adding that he would vote for Trump if that's the choice he has.

Rep. Raul Labrador, R-Idaho., said he will support Trump, although ""I'm not enthusiastic about it.""

""He can get us enthusiastic if he comes to talk to us,"" continued Labrador.

Meanwhile, more Republican voters appear to be moving behind Trump, despite big-name holdouts such as Ryan, both former president Bushes and the party's 2012 nominee Mitt Romney.

Almost two in three Republican-leaning voters now view Trump favorably, compared to 31 percent who view him unfavorably, according to a national Gallup Poll taken last week. The numbers represent a near reversal from Gallup's survey in early March.

Fox News' John Roberts and The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
72,Eleven States Sue Obama Admin. over Transgender Directive,"Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton, along with attorneys general in 10 other states, are suing the Obama administration over the president's directive to allow transgender students to use whatever bathroom that matches their gender preference.

The lawsuit is an attempt to make sure states can ignore the federal government's mandate.

The 10 other states joining the lawsuit include Arkansas, Oklahoma, Alabama, Wisconsin, West Virginia, Tennessee, Maine, Louisiana, Utah and Georgia.

They're asking the courts to declare the directive unlawful, accusing the administration of engineering a ""massive social experiment, flouting the democratic process, and running roughshod over commonsense policies protecting children and basic privacy rights.""

Supporters of the lawsuit argue that in addition to violating privacy and safety rights of women and children, the White House directive is a major overreach of power.

""Simply put, the Obama administration is creating new law, outside the boundaries of the Constitution - making changes only Congress can make,"" Paxton said.

""I think the problem with the way the Obama administration has carried this out is that they haven't candidly assessed the cost of this type of policy,"" Trotter said on NPR.

""So we understand that women need privacy. They need safety in places that they frequent. And yet the Obama administration has decided to reinterpret an old law that never included transgender people for over 40 years,"" she said.

Trotter said the president is doing this from a Washington one-size-fits-all edict instead of going through Congress and having a national discussion.

Some schools are now worried if they don't comply, they will lose funding.

""We don't have a rule of law if we can reinterpret a more than 40-year-old law and say that the plain language, the black letter of the law is meaningless because someone has become enlightened about it,"" Trotter said.

Texas' lieutenant governor previously went as far as to say the state is willing to give up the $10 billion it receives in federal education dollars rather than comply.

The directive from the U.S. Justice and Education Departments represents an escalation in what the Obama administration calls a civil rights issue.

""This is about the dignity and respect we accord our fellow citizens and the laws that we, as a people and as a country, have enacted to protect them - indeed, to protect all of us,"" U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch said.

This isn't the only legal fight over transgender rights. Earlier this month the Justice Department and the state of North Carolina sued each other over a state law curbing public restroom access for transgender people.

The question of whether federal civil rights law protects those who identify as transgender has no definitive answer and will likely be decided by the U.S. Supreme Court.

Still, schools that refuse to comply with the Obama administration's directive could very likely be hit with civil rights lawsuits from the government and a cutoff from federal aid to education.",1
3946,"US sailors freed by Iranians. No US apology issued, says Joe Biden","All 10 US Navy sailors detained by Iran after drifting into its territorial waters have been released, the US and Iran said Wednesday.

Could the juvenile suspects in the Tennessee wildfires be tried as adults?

Detained American Navy sailors shown in an undisclosed location in Iran. Iranian state television reported that all 10 U.S. sailors detained by Iran after entering its territorial waters have been released. Iran's Revolutionary Guard said the sailors were released Wednesday after it was determined that their entry was not intentional.

All 10 U.S. Navy sailors detained by Iran after drifting into its territorial waters a day earlier have been freed, the U.S. and Iran said Wednesday.

The Navy said the American crew members returned safely and there were no indications they had been harmed while in custody.

The nine men and one woman were held at an Iranian base on Farsi Island in the Persian Gulf after they were detained nearby on Tuesday. The tiny outpost has been used as a base for Revolutionary Guard speedboats as far back as the 1980s.

The sailors departed the island at 0843 GMT aboard the boats they were detained with, the Navy said. They were picked up by Navy aircraft and other sailors took control of their boats for the return voyage to Bahrain, where the U.S. 5th Fleet is based.

The Navy added that it ""will investigate the circumstances that led to the sailors' presence in Iran.""

The Revolutionary Guard's official website published images of the detained U.S. sailors before their release, showing them sitting on the floor of a room. They look mostly bored or annoyed, though at least one of the sailors appears to be smiling. The sole woman had her hair covered by a brown cloth. The pictures also showed what appeared to be their two boats.

""After determining that their entry into Iran's territorial waters was not intentional and their apology, the detained American sailors were released in international waters,"" a statement posted online by the Guard said Wednesday.

US Vice President Joe Biden says that America did not apologize to Iran over U.S. sailors allegedly entering Iranian territorial waters.

Biden made the comments Wednesday in an interview with ""CBS This Morning.""

The vice president said: ""There's nothing to apologize for. When you have a problem with the boat you apologize the boat had a problem? No, and there was no looking for any apology. This was just standard nautical practice.""

Biden said that the Iranians realized the U.S. sailors ""were there in distress and said they would release them and released them like ordinary nations would do.""

Gen. Ali Fadavi, the navy chief of Iran's powerful Revolutionary Guard, was quoted earlier Wednesday by Iranian state TV as saying that an investigation had shown the Americans entered Iranian territorial waters because of ""mechanical problems in their navigation system.""

U.S. officials also blamed mechanical trouble for the incident. They had said on Tuesday that Tehran assured them the crew and vessels would be returned safely and promptly.

Fadavi said the American boats had shown ""unprofessional acts"" for 40 minutes before being picked up by Iranian forces after entering the country's territorial waters. He said Tehran did not consider the U.S. Navy boats violating Iranian territorial waters as an ""innocent passage.""

The sailors were nonetheless allowed to make contact with the U.S. military, based on Iran's ""responsibilities and Islamic mercy"" late Tuesday, he said.

U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, who forged a personal relationship with Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammed Javad Zarif during the three years of nuclear negotiations, called his Iranian counterpart immediately on learning of the incident, according to a senior U.S. official. Kerry ""personally engaged"" with Zarif on the issue, said the official, who was not authorized to discuss the matter publicly.

Kerry said in a statement Wednesday: ""That this issue was resolved peacefully and efficiently is a testament to the critical role diplomacy plays in keeping our country safe, secure and strong.""

Kerry has a close relationship with Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammed Javad Zarif after the recent nuclear deal between the Islamic Republic and world powers.

Kerry learned of the incident around 12:30 p.m. EST as he and U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter were meeting their Filipino counterparts at the State Department, the official said.

Fadavi said Zarif ""had a firm stance"" during the telephone conversation with Kerry about the sailors' presence in Iran's territorial waters and ""said they should not have come and should apologize.""

Carter said he was pleased with the sailors' release and he thanked Kerry for his diplomatic efforts. ""Around the world, the U.S. Navy routinely provides assistance to foreign sailors in distress, and we appreciate the timely way in which this situation was resolved,"" Carter said.

The Guard's 200,000-strong force is different from the regular Iranian military and is charged with protecting the ruling system. Its naval forces are heavily dependent on armed speedboats that can be used in teams to swarm much larger vessels.

The incident came amid heightened tensions with Iran, and only hours before President Barack Obama gave his final State of the Union address to Congress and the public. It set off a dramatic series of calls and meetings as U.S. officials tried to determine the exact status of the crew and reach out to Iranian leaders.

Pentagon spokesman Peter Cook told The Associated Press late Tuesday U.S. time that the sailors' boats were moving between Kuwait and Bahrain when the U.S. lost contact with them.

The sailors were part of Riverine Squadron 1 based in San Diego and were deployed to the U.S. Navy's 5th Fleet in Bahrain. When the U.S. lost contact with the boats, ships attached to the USS Harry S Truman aircraft carrier strike group began searching the area, along with aircraft flying off the Truman.

The Riverine boats were not part of the carrier strike group, and were on a training mission, the officials said. The craft are not considered high-tech and don't contain any sensitive equipment, so there were no concerns about the Iranians gaining access to them, they added. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the sensitive incident publicly.

In an earlier incident, in late December, Iran launched a rocket test near U.S. warships and boats passing through the narrow Strait of Hormuz, the route for about a fifth of the world's oil.

Last February, Iran sank a replica of a U.S. aircraft carrier near the strait and has said it is testing ""suicide drones"" that could conduct kamikaze missions on naval ships. It has also challenged foreign cargo ships operating in the Gulf, opening fire on at least two in April and May.

In one of those incidents, Iran temporarily seized a Marshall Islands-flagged cargo ship over what it said was a commercial dispute before releasing it with its crew more than a week later.

Meanwhile, Iran was expected to satisfy the terms of last summer's nuclear deal in just days. Once the U.N. nuclear agency confirms Iran's actions to roll back its program, the United States and other Western powers are obliged to suspend wide-ranging oil, trade and financial sanctions on Tehran. Kerry recently said the deal's implementation was ""days away.""

Schreck reported from Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Associated Press writers Matthew Lee, Lolita C. Baldor, Bradley Klapper and Richard Lardner in Washington, Jon Gambrell in Dubai and Nasser Karimi in Tehran contributed to this report.",1
1006,Could This Be the Real 'Super Tuesday'? A Look at What's at Stake,"It's a big primary day in the race for the White House, with Donald Trump trying to lock down his GOP frontrunner status. Democrat Hillary Clinton is trying to do the same.

""Super Tuesday 2,"" as some are calling it, is a day that could be the critical turning point in the race for president: there'll be contests in five states, including the delegate-rich, winner-take-all states of Florida and Ohio.

""This is a place I want to win. This is the place, this is going to do it,"" said Trump, who was in Ohio overnight attacking its governor and his rival John Kasich. The two are neck-and-neck in the polls there.

""Kasich cannot make America great again,"" Trump said. ""He can't do it.""

If Trump loses Ohio, some analysts believe that when the Republicans meet in Cleveland it could be a contested convention. If Kasich loses, he's likely out of the race.

Nevertheless, the ""Stop Trump"" movement was in full effect, with the billionaire's rivals spending Monday reminding voters of the recent violence at some of Trump's rallies.

""This country is not about us tearing one another down,"" Kasich said.

""Oh look, a Bernie Sanders sign,"" Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., noted at one of his rallies. ""Don't worry, you're not going to get beat up at my rally.""

Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, said, ""One difference between this and a Donald Trump rally is I'm not asking anyone to punch you in the face.""

But Trump insisted, ""There's no violence. There's a love fest. These are love fests.""

Meanwhile in Florida, Rubio is determined to claim victory in his winner-take-all home state, despite polling behind Trump – in some cases by more than 20 points.

And in Charlotte, North Carolina, Clinton was blaming Trump for the violence at his rallies.

""I do call him responsible. I think if you go back several months, he's been building this incitement,"" she charged.

Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., was in Illinois, far behind in the delegate count but confident – and getting much closer in the polls in recent days.

""Let us see this great state lead this country into a political revolution,"" he told supporters.

Clinton holds a wide lead in Florida and North Carolina, but recent polls show a tight race in Missouri and Sanders narrowing her advantage in Illinois and Ohio.",1
3506,"Thanks to Obama, the terrorist cancer is growing","We still do not know who or what is responsible for the crash of EgyptAir Flight 804, but we know this much for certain: The terrorist danger is growing, and it won’t be contained to the Mediterranean.

Responding to criticism of President Obama’s handling of terrorism, White House press secretary Josh Earnest boasted Thursday of all the setbacks the Islamic State has experienced in recent months, noting that in Iraq “45 percent of the populated area that ISIL previously controlled has been retaken from them. In Syria, that figure is now 20 percent.”

That’s like a patient who ignored a cancer diagnosis bragging that he finally reduced the tumor in his lung — glossing over the fact that he let it spread and metastasize to his other organs. If he had attacked the Islamic State cancer early, Obama could have stopped it from spreading in the first place. But instead, he dismissed the terrorist group as the “JV team” that was “engaged in various local power struggles and disputes” and did not have “the capacity and reach of a bin Laden” and did not pose “a direct threat to us.” He did nothing, while the cancer grew in Syria and then spread in Iraq.

Now the cancer has spread and metastasized across the world.

According to a recent CNN analysis, since declaring its caliphate in 2014, the Islamic State has carried out 90 attacks in 21 countries outside of Iraq and Syria that have killed 1,390 people and injured more than 2,000 others. The Islamic State has a presence in more than a dozen countries and has declared “provinces” in Algeria, Libya, Egypt, Nigeria, Saudi Arabia, Yemen, Pakistan and Afghanistan. The Post reported in 2015 that “since the withdrawal of most U.S. and international troops in December, the Islamic State has steadily made inroads in Afghanistan” where it has “poured pepper into the wounds of their enemies . . . seared their hands in vats of boiling oil . . . blindfolded, tortured and blown apart [villagers] with explosives buried underneath them.”

And while the Islamic State spreads and grows, al-Qaeda is making a comeback. Obama is touting the killing of Taliban leader Akhtar Mohammad Mansour as “an important milestone,” but the truth is that the Taliban has made major military gains in Afghanistan — and that has opened the door to al-Qaeda. The Post reported in October that “American airstrikes targeted what was ‘probably the largest’ al-Qaeda training camp found in the 14-year Afghan war.” Sounds good except for one small problem: There were no major al-Qaeda camps in Afghanistan when Obama took office. Now it is once again training terrorists in the land where it trained operatives for the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.

Al-Qaeda has also regained lost ground in Yemen, the country where it trained and deployed the underwear bomber who nearly blew up a plane bound for Detroit in 2009. And as a recent report from the Institute for the Study of War and the American Enterprise Institute’s Critical Threats Project notes, the “Syrian al Qaeda affiliate Jabhat al Nusra poses one of the most significant long-term threats of any Salafi-jihadi group” and “is much more dangerous to the U.S. than the ISIS model in the long run.”

Overall, Gen. Jack Keane recently testified that al-Qaeda has “grown fourfold in the last five years.”

We’re lying to ourselves if we think that the violence we are witnessing is going to be confined to the Middle East . . . or South Asia . . . or North Africa . . . or Europe. It is only a matter of time before the Islamic State and al-Qaeda bring this violence here to our shores.

Indeed, in many ways we face a situation far more dangerous and complex than we did before Sept. 11, 2001. Before 9/11, we largely faced a danger from one terrorist network (al-Qaeda) with safe haven in one nation (Afghanistan). Today, we face danger from multiple terrorist networks with safe havens in a dozen or more countries.

Moreover, we face something we have never seen before: two terrorist networks — the Islamic State and al-Qaeda — competing with each other for the hearts of the jihadi faithful and the backing of jihadi financiers. The way to win that competition is to be the first to carry out a catastrophic attack here in the United States.

When it came to terrorist networks, the George W. Bush administration had a mantra: We’re going to fight them over there so that we do not have to face them here at home. Obama abandoned that mantra. And now the danger is getting closer to home with each passing day.

Read more from Marc Thiessen’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.",1
639,Trump doesn’t have a national campaign. So the GOP is trying to run one for him.,"Katie Walsh, the Republican National Committee’s chief of staff, was just a few hours from meeting with Donald Trump’s new political director this week when the television outside her office blared the latest news breaking out of the Trump orbit. “Christie defends Trump: He’s not a racist,” the CNN headline declared.

The scene illustrates the tricky task facing the party, which is serving as the main engine behind Trump’s presidential bid: How do you a run a disciplined campaign for a candidate who is anything but?

“He’s the nominee, and he’s going to make sure his views are known,” Walsh said carefully during an interview. “He’s made that pretty clear. We will leave it to Mr. Trump to speak for Mr. Trump . . . and we will keep hitting Hillary and raising money to be ready for November.”

Trump’s failure to build a truly national campaign has left it to the GOP to run one on his behalf, while also trying to extinguish the regular political brush fires set off by the unpredictable candidate. The arrangement has intensified the burden on the Republican National Committee, forcing it to absorb core campaign tasks and testing whether it has improved the field and data capabilities on which it fell short in 2012.

The real estate mogul’s operation has centered on his ability to gobble up news time with a stream of tweets, rallies and television hits, while largely outsourcing basic political functions such as fundraising and rapid-response efforts. He is leaning on the RNC even more as the race moves into the general-election phase, which requires intensive work to identify, persuade and mobilize voters.

The Trump campaign has yet to build out its headquarters or national staff, ending the primaries with 70 employees, compared with 732 on the payroll for presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. His backstop is the party: The RNC has deployed 461 field staffers to 16 states — more than it has ever had on the ground at this point in an election — while spending $100 million on its data and digital operations since the last presidential campaign. The investments were pushed by Chairman Reince Priebus after the Democrats outgunned the GOP in 2012.

“It creates an opportunity for the party to, for lack of a better term, show off what it’s been working on for the last three and a half years and provide the campaign with the infrastructure they don’t have the time to build right now,” Walsh said.

“We are kind of the infantry coming up behind the campaign saying, ‘We’re here. How can we be helpful?’ And the Trump campaign has embraced that,” she added.

For the RNC to successfully take over many of the campaign’s traditional tasks requires trust, coordination and a unified strategy — all difficult to achieve under normal circumstances. But this year is anything but normal.

Priebus ended up deeply immersed in a behind-the-scenes effort this week to persuade Trump to walk back his accusations that a Latino federal judge was biased against him because of the judge’s ethnicity, even making editing suggestions for the statement that the candidate eventually released, according to people familiar with his role.

[The rant that could derail Trump — and the GOP rush to get him back on track]

“The team they have in place is very good,” said GOP strategist Mike DuHaime, who served as RNC political director during George W. Bush’s second term and helped guide the 2008 turnout effort. “I think what ultimately is missing is that it needs to mesh with the nominee’s. . . . No matter what the RNC does, it’s still up to the campaign to set the direction.”

That direction has been coming from Trump, who serves as his own strategist. He personally responds to nearly every critique, including that his operation is too meager. “I am getting bad marks from certain pundits because I have a small campaign staff,” Trump tweeted this week. “But small is good, flexible, save money and number one!”

Senior RNC officials are offering daily advice and resources to their less-experienced campaign counterparts. Communications strategist Sean Spicer is in constant contact with Trump press secretary Hope Hicks, while chief digital officer Gerrit Lansing is coordinating with Trump’s small digital staff.

“It’s a collaborative effort,” said campaign manager Corey Lewandowski. “They are working hand-in-glove with us. We are working with their team; they are working with our team. Everyone is happy.”

Party officials have been making the case that the campaign needs to expand its footprint, but persuading Trump has been a slow process. The candidate scrutinizes proposed budgets, sending them back with skeptical queries, according to people familiar with the discussions. His main argument: I spent only $56 million in the primary, and I beat 16 opponents — why do I need all this?

“It’s not so much, ‘We don’t trust you’; it’s, ‘Help me understand why I need this,’ ” Walsh said of the campaign’s reaction. “There’s a dialogue that maybe wouldn’t exist with a more traditional candidate that had used more traditional methods in his primary campaign.”

Lewandowski said the campaign will soon expand its political, communications and fundraising teams. “We will keep growing, there’s no doubt about it,” he said. Among the additions: political director Jim Murphy, a longtime GOP consultant who was tapped after predecessor Rick Wiley was abruptly dismissed.

[Many Trump supporters don’t believe his wildest promises — and they don’t care]

Because of his unrivaled ability to reach millions of voters through social media, many party officials think that Trump will be able to forgo some of the expenses that have bloated presidential campaigns in the past.

“Look, Donald Trump has thrown out the rule book and rewritten it and run the most nontraditional, unorthodox campaign in my lifetime, and it’s worked so far,” said Steve Duprey, an RNC committeeman from New Hampshire.

Still, even round-the-clock media domination will not be enough to secure an Election Day victory, GOP strategists warned.

“People can talk all they want to about how this race will be determined on the big-picture message and Hillary’s approval numbers and how horrible they are,” said Matt Borges, chairman of the Ohio Republican Party. “It always comes down to good, old-fashioned blocking and tackling. We turn out our voters, we win. They do a better job, they win.”

And the underfunded state parties alone cannot carry the weight of a fall turnout operation, which typically is buttressed by hundreds of presidential campaign staffers.

Getting the right voters to the polls to support Trump and the rest of the GOP ticket falls to Chris Carr, a garrulous Louisiana native who serves as the RNC’s political director. From his third-floor office at RNC headquarters, Carr has spent the past 16 months remaking the party’s field program. In doing so, he has looked at the RNC’s vaunted turnout apparatus in 2004 for lessons, increasing the emphasis on volunteer training and metrics.

He also has studied the methods used by President Obama’s team, which he saw up close as the Nevada state director for Republican nominee Mitt Romney’s campaign in 2012. Romney’s main field office in the state that year was in Summerlin, down the street from a small Obama for America office.

“Any time of the day you could go and pull on that door, it was locked,” Carr recalled. “We were like, what is this guy doing? . . . He was in his turf, working. He was organizing.”

Carr has sought to bring that model to the RNC. Rather than assign staff to battleground states based on population, the terrain has been carved up into small “turfs” that each contain 8,000 to 10,000 low-propensity or swing voters. The party deployed an early wave of staffers last fall to key states to focus on voter registration. Volunteers have been cultivated with one-on-one coffee meetings and monthly house parties.

Beginning last Friday, each state team was required to begin a daily door-knocking regimen — an effort that will feed fresh voter data into the national database through ­Nov. 8. Augmenting the party’s voter file has been one of the top priorities of the RNC, which hopes to weaponize personal information about voters this year the way Obama’s team did in 2012.

“We’ve spent over $100 million between data and digital over the last four years, investing in that voter file, making sure we have that ability to know everything we can about every voter out there — not only from a knowledge perspective, but how do you talk to them?” Walsh said. “Do they respond to email? What time of day? What issues do they respond to?”

[After briefing with Trump’s chief strategist, House Republicans see ‘pivot’]

In June 2012, the RNC had 170 field staffers on the ground; now there are more than double that, with the largest contingents in Florida (59), Wisconsin (49), Pennsylvania (54) and Ohio (53). That remains short of what the RNC had promised state parties if a nominee had been selected back in March, worrying local officials who had hoped for a bigger ground force by now. National Republican officials said they are on track to hit their staffing goals by July 31.

To do so, the RNC needs the infusion of cash that usually comes with the selection of a presidential nominee. But fundraising has been slow to ramp up, in part because Trump largely self-financed his primary bid and had no structure to solicit donors.

In the meantime, the party is seeking to draw on a major resource the Trump campaign can provide: enthusiasm.

This week, the campaign emailed supporters urging them to take part in a national day of action that the RNC is holding Saturday to register new voters. Before the Trump appeal went out, several hundred volunteers in Virginia had committed to attend. By Thursday morning, that number had soared to 1,000.",1
4207,Some GOP elites aren’t quite convinced by Trump charm offensive,"Out on the campaign trail, Donald Trump relishes his feud with his own party. He threatened to sue the Republican National Committee. He called its nominating system “rigged,” “deceptive” and “a disgrace.” And he has suggested he might try to depose the party chairman.

But as RNC members gathered at a palatial beach resort here this week, Trump’s aides launched an urgent effort aimed at rebranding the mogul’s persona and thawing hostilities with the skittish party elite.

“We need unity as soon as possible,” said Ed Cox, the New York party chairman and a Trump supporter.

Yet while the charm offensive has made some progress, interviews with dozens of GOP officials here showed that the celebrity billionaire still has to overcome a host of lingering concerns — both about his loyalty to the party as well as his discipline and electability as a candidate.

“We’re the ones that built this party,” said Jonathan Barnett, a national committeeman from Arkansas. “You see so many states where they have never reached out or built an organization. . . . Remember, we’re good people. We’re the grass roots. We’ve been around a long time. And Trump needs us.”

Trump’s top campaign aide, Paul Manafort, assured RNC members here that Trump views the party leadership as “partners,” both in raising money and crafting a state-by-state strategy, and that his hot rhetoric has been “a part that he’s been playing” and will soon give way to a more presidential demeanor.

[Trump is playing ‘a part’ and can transform for victory, aide says]

Some members were skeptical of Manafort’s pitch.

“Trump keeps saying that he’s going to be so presidential that he’ll put you to sleep,” said José Cunningham, chairman of the District of Columbia GOP. “He loves to say that. His people say he’ll do that, have that demeanor. I’d still like to see that because, well, we haven’t.”

Trump himself is taking steps to repair relations. RNC Chairman Reince Priebus called the billionaire mogul on Wednesday to congratulate him on his blowout victory in the New York primary.

“We had a great talk, no problem,” Priebus said in an interview. “Donald Trump is conciliatory. You notice he hasn’t been saying ‘RNC’ lately. He hasn’t been saying that lately. He certainly hasn’t been talking about me lately.”

Priebus acknowledged that there probably are political benefits for Trump to rail against the process and use the RNC as a foil.

“They’ve made a calculation somehow that it works, ginning people up over accusations that the delegate selection process is rigged,” Priebus said. “I don’t think they would be doing it on a lark.”

Priebus said that the process is not skewed against Trump: “Nothing’s rigged, just like nothing was rigged in New York when the top vote-getter got 60 percent of the vote but received 90 percent of the delegates.”

Trump’s rhetoric fits into his broader playbook to run against what he sees as corruption across the economic and political spectrums. Manafort said in an interview that Trump’s portrayal of the GOP nominating rules “is no different than the rigged economy, the rigged banking system.”

“It fits into the whole narrative of the system is broken and certain types of establishment situations don’t meet the expectations of people,” he said.

[It’s on: Tensions between Trump and the GOP escalate in public fight]

For much of the campaign, the Trump operation seemed to alienate, even shun party officials who are accustomed to courtship by candidates.

Many officials took particular umbrage at Trump’s on-and-off public flirtation with ousting Priebus.

“Stop the attacks on Reince and the RNC leadership,” South Carolina GOP Chairman Matt Moore said. “Reince is the best chairman, I think, in the party’s history, and there is no question that he is the guy to lead us into the general election. Any discussion about a new chairman is completely stupid.”

On that point, Manafort said, “This discussion over the last few weeks has not been an anti-Reince campaign.”

Trump has been outfoxed by his chief Republican rival, Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas, at state conventions and other gatherings where delegates to the national convention are selected. Manafort said Trump is not seeking to upend the existing rules but believes the system lacks transparency and is trying to lay the groundwork for changes in future years.

Cruz and Ohio Gov. John Kasich addressed the RNC this week. Also present were leaders of Our Principles PAC, an anti-Trump super PAC, who huddled privately with some members Friday. The group’s chairwoman, Katie Packer, distributed a memorandum urging party leaders to do everything possible to stop Trump from locking up the nomination.

“It is not too late,” Packer wrote. “You are under no obligation to wrap your arms around a candidate who has not won a majority of GOP votes, or a majority of delegates, and perhaps wouldn’t even be the frontrunner had the original field been much smaller.”

Yet in hallway chatter here, there was a growing sense of resignation about Trump as the nominee.

“I sense that everybody has come around to the position that what we choose is what we choose and that to have an opponent to Hillary Clinton, you take what you got and you run with it as fast as you can,” said David Norcross, a former RNC general counsel.

[Is it too late for a Donald Trump makeover?]

The conversations in Florida come amid a revamping of Trump’s campaign. Manafort said Trump is assembling teams of communications specialists, schedulers, policy advisers, speechwriters, researchers and liaisons to Capitol Hill, think tanks and other GOP power centers — all traditional campaign elements that had been lacking in Trump’s shoestring structure.

“We couldn’t run a general election with eight people,” Manafort said.

Manafort suggested that the individuals who have been appearing on cable television shows as Trump representatives will begin playing smaller roles as he asserts control over what he called “the narrative.”

“Now we’re transitioning,” Manafort said. “He’s trying to be the nominee, and people want to see the entire package.”

Among the newest members of Trump’s team is Rick Wiley, who is well known to RNC members, serving as the committee’s political director in 2012. When he addressed RNC members on Thursday, Wiley sought to emphasize those connections and went out of his way to praise the work of the committee’s staff under Priebus.

Wiley said the party and its nominee would be fully committed to waging a successful fall national campaign. Arguing that the RNC had adapted the organizing model developed by the 2008 Obama campaign, he added, “We are going to inherit a field program second to none.”

In his presentation, Wiley addressed worries among many Republicans that Trump as the nominee could lead the party to a catastrophic defeat in the fall, one that could put its Senate majority at risk and cost Republicans House seats.

“You’re going to see this map expand,” he said, contending that Trump’s potential appeal to Reagan Democrats — working-class white voters — could make states in the upper and industrial Midwest that long have been in the Democrats’ column competitive in the fall.

“If we’re playing in these states and we’re winning in some of these states and the Democrats are playing and having to spend money in those states,” he said, “it’s a good thing for us, it’s a good thing for the party.”",1
382,Canada Just Threw A Grenade Into Elizabeth Warren's Trade Fight With Obama,"The Volcker Rule bars banks operating in the U.S. from speculating in securities markets for their own profit -- a risky activity that can put taxpayers on the hook for big bailouts if the bank bets turn sour. But there are exceptions to the rule. For instance, banks are allowed to hold U.S. government debt in their own accounts.

But those same banks aren't allowed to trade in Canadian government debt. Oliver thinks that's a NAFTA violation. Although he didn't lay out his argument in detail on Wednesday, NAFTA, like the TPP, generally bans countries from discriminating against each other's financial services. NAFTA prohibits policies that limit cross-border trade in financial services and requires the U.S. to treat Canadian companies the same way that it treats U.S. companies.

""The Volcker Rule is clearly not a violation of NAFTA or any other trade agreement, all of which explicitly safeguard the ability of the United States to protect the integrity and stability of our financial system,"" a Treasury spokesperson said. ""The Volcker Rule is a key prudential financial regulation that prohibits risky proprietary trading while protecting taxpayers and the depth, liquidity, and stability of U.S. capital markets. NAFTA does not weaken our ability to implement Wall Street Reform now or in the future, and neither would any trade agreement we're negotiating.""

 

 It's true that NAFTA contains an exemption for ""prudential"" regulation, and financial reform watchdogs strongly agree with the Treasury Department's interpretation. But it's not an airtight case.

Sorting out whether the Volcker Rule qualifies for that exemption is the sort of thing that a court would traditionally determine under U.S. law, and U.S. courts typically give significant deference to the views of the executive branch. U.S. courts, however, don't have jurisdiction over NAFTA or any other free trade pact. International tribunals do.

""The administration can say whatever it wants about its interpretation of these trade agreements,"" said Marcus Stanley, policy director at Americans for Financial Reform, a Wall Street watchdog group. ""The problem is, under the terms of these agreements, they are not going to be interpreting them. Private tribunals of trade lawyers are going to be interpreting them, and there are going to be plenty of openings, as this shows, to make claims that critical prudential regulations conflict with trade agreements. And eventually one of those is going to win out.""

Treasury has known about Oliver's objection to the Volcker Rule for more than a year. As far back as 2011, a lobbying group representing Canadian banks claimed that the Volcker Rule runs afoul of NAFTA in arguments presented to U.S. regulators. But none of this turmoil prevented Obama from flatly rejecting Warren's contention that trade agreements, particularly the TPP, can be used to attack financial standards.

""The notion that corporate America is going to be able to use this provision to eliminate our financial regulations and our food safety regulations and our consumer regulations -- that's just bunk,"" Obama told reporters in an April conference call. ""It's not true.""

Canada may not opt to pursue a NAFTA case against the U.S. over the Volcker Rule. If it doesn't, Canadian banks won't have the right to sue on their own because NAFTA bars individual companies from suing sovereign nations over most financial services violations.

But the TPP would be different, according to congressional briefings by the U.S. Trade Representative, which are reflected in a December letter from Warren to Ambassador Michael Froman, the top Obama trade official. The TPP wouldn't just empower foreign governments to sue the U.S. over bank regulations; it would allow individual companies and investors to bring such cases.

Under the ""investor-state dispute settlement"" process, an international tribunal cannot overrule a law or regulation, but it can assess financial penalties to encourage countries to change said law or regulation. In the past, under other trade deals, the mere existence of such cases has sometimes pressured governments into abandoning non-financial services regulations.

Moreover, the TPP would reportedly allow foreign banks to sue the U.S. government for failing to provide them with a ""minimum standard of treatment."" The term is vaguely defined, but international tribunals have interpreted it very broadly to make corporations eligible to receive damages for lost profits caused by policy changes that occurred after they invested in a country. Rep. Maxine Waters (D-Calif.) raised similar concerns in her own December letter to Froman over the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership, a pending trade deal with Europe.",1
1471,GOP Debate Round 3: Expect Another Wild Night,"BOULDER, Colo. -- It's expected to be another fiery, wild night as the Republican presidential candidates get together in Boulder, Colorado, Wednesday for their third debate.

So far, this presidential soap opera has clearly been entertaining and surprising.

The latest turn is a new CBS/New York Times national poll that shows retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson overtaking Donald Trump as the GOP frontrunner  a development that has the billionaire scratching his head.

""Trump losing in polls to Carson. Carson? I don't think Carson is going to negotiate really well with China folks in all fairness, okay? I don't think so and I like him. I don't think so,"" Trump remarked at a recent rally.

Expect some Trump jabs Wednesday night. As for Carson, the doctor told CBN News he's hoping voters will see what he represents.

""I hope they will look at my life, look at the entirety of my life and see that it has been dedicated to the uplifting of people by leading a life that's not full of scandal, and adhering to the values and principles of our Judeo-Christian foundation,"" he said.

Carson's not the only candidate who is relying on faith to help his case. Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, believes he will eventually move higher in the polls.

""I'm the only one on that stage that has a record of standing up to Washington over and over again, of defending the Constitution, of defending liberty, defending religious liberty, and I think that's why we're seeing such incredible enthusiasm among the grassroots,"" Cruz declared.

Cruz, Carson, Trump and others want to strike gold with the key evangelical voting bloc. While this debate could begin to show movement, political strategist Ralph Reed doesn't expect any tidal waves.

""This idea that there's going to be a coalescing behind one candidate, that's a myth. That's not going to happen. The evangelical community is very vibrant. It's not monolithic and it doesn't march to a single drummer and it's not easy to command,"" Reed explained.

Wednesday night's debate will focus mostly on the economy. That will give candidates like Ohio Gov. John Kasich and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush a chance to tout their economic records.

Bush will take the opportunity to lay out his recently announced entitlement reform plan, a subject he spoke about at Regent University.

 

""My belief is that once you reach 67, or 66 now, your payroll tax as an employee  you should keep it because that's the way you're going to save money more directly and be able to live a life of independence,"" Bush told the crowd.

It's just one of the topics on tap for what is expected to be yet another night of presidential must see TV.",1
4842,His campaign’s statement that Trump accepts the truth of Obama’s birthplace is filled with falsehoods,"On Thursday night, Donald Trump finally acknowledged an obvious, proven fact: President Obama was born in the United States. Or, rather, Trump's campaign said that he acknowledged it, in a statement that was itself riddled with falsehoods.

""Hillary Clinton’s campaign first raised this issue to smear then-candidate Barack Obama in her very nasty, failed 2008 campaign for President,"" the statement begins. That's untrue — and it's been fact-checked any number of times. In 2011, Politico outlined the origins; in May, our fact checkers dubbed it ridiculous.

""This type of vicious and conniving behavior is straight from the Clinton Playbook. As usual, however, Hillary Clinton was too weak to get an answer,"" the statement continues. Again, Clinton wasn't looking for an ""answer"" to the non-question of where Barack Obama was born because her campaign wasn't pressing the issue. Even before the release of Obama's long-form birth certificate, an announcement of Obama's birth was found in a Honolulu newspaper. His 2008 campaign had released a statement of live birth demonstrating where he was born. Anyone who asked the question for whatever reason had the answer in front of them, if they chose to see it.

""Even the MSNBC show 'Morning Joe' admits that it was Clinton’s henchmen who first raised this issue, not Donald J. Trump,"" the statement goes on. Whether or not someone on ""Morning Joe"" said it — a show, we will note, that has spent an awful lot of time of late disparaging Trump — that doesn't make it true.

""In 2011, Mr. Trump was finally able to bring this ugly incident to its conclusion by successfully compelling President Obama to release his birth certificate,"" it reads. ""Mr. Trump did a great service to the President and the country by bringing closure to the issue that Hillary Clinton and her team first raised."" This is a remarkable pair of sentences. Terming the incident ""ugly"" and saying he's resolved it is a bit like a person intentionally running someone over, dumping them outside a hospital and then asking for a letter of commendation for wrapping things up so neatly. The ""incident"" was fostered and nurtured by Trump in the spring of 2011, who used his position of celebrity to draw attention to it — as part of his first exploration of running for president. It was only when Obama first released his full birth certificate and then mocked Trump at the White House Correspondents' Association dinner that year that Trump seemed to drop the issue.

The Trump team tries to spin that as a win. ""Inarguably, Donald J. Trump is a closer. Having successfully obtained President Obama’s birth certificate when others could not, Mr. Trump believes that President Obama was born in the United States,"" the statement continues.

This compresses an awful lot of time. As I wrote last week, Trump continued to raise questions about Obama's birthplace for years after the release of the birth certificate. At a news conference immediately afterward, Trump said that ""hopefully"" the issue was resolved. He then encouraged Sheriff Joe Arpaio's quixotic attempt to prove the birth certificate a forgery, which was of course unsuccessful.

In 2015, he said, ""I don't know"" when challenged on the subject. In January, when the subject came up, he told CNN's Wolf Blitzer, ""Who knows?"" That was eight months ago.

The statement then moves into a campaign sales pitch: ""Mr. Trump is now totally focused on bringing jobs back to America, defeating radical Islamic terrorism, taking care of our veterans, introducing school choice opportunities and rebuilding and making our inner cities safe again."" That last point is important: It's part of Trump's sales pitch to black voters. And lest you think that Trump's outreach to black voters didn't play a role in this, the campaign made clear to BusinessWeek's Joshua Green that it did.

It seems hard to believe that this statement will do much to assuage those voters' concerns. After all, this isn't an apology for Trump's birtherism, it's a rationalization for it — and not a very good one.

What's more, a critical part of the Trump campaign's statement is the signature it bears: ""Jason Miller, Senior Communications Advisor."" Clearly we can take Mr. Miller's word as the word of the candidate, right?",1
2877,"White House, Dems seek to water down Iran bill",The online comment fits closely with his campaign platform.,1
2241,Reporter says Clinton camp denying him access to events,"The simmering dispute over media access to Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign erupted again Monday when a reporter for DailyMail.com was told by the campaign he couldn’t attend her events in New Hampshire.

David Martosko, a reporter for DailyMail.com, a website affiliated with the Daily Mail in London, said the Clinton camp said his newspaper wasn’t part of the official group -- known as the print pool -- that covers the White House on a rotating basis. As a result, he was blocked Monday from covering her events in person for the pool.

""I got there when I was told to get there,"" Martosko told Fox News' Megyn Kelly Monday night. ""Quarter to eight in the morning, I showed up in the parking lot, told them who I was, and they said 'No, you can't come.'

""This happened twice today,"" Martosko told Kelly later in the interview. ""I just came right over here from an evening event where Mrs. Clinton was the keynote speaker ... I showed up again and said 'I'm the designated pool reporter' and I was told 'you need to leave.' I find that unacceptable and offensive, and I think most of my journalistic colleagues do as well.""

The campaign said it is trying to resolve the issue. However, it denied any suggestion that Martosko was denied access because of his newspaper’s critical coverage of Clinton.

“The Daily Mail can sensationalize [the incident] as they see fit for their readers, but that's what happened,"" a Clinton aide told Fox News.

Major media organizations in Clinton’s traveling press pool issued a statement Monday night defending Martosko and rejecting any attempt by the Clinton campaign to “dictate” who covers the candidate.

“We haven't yet had a clear explanation about why the pool reporter for today's events was denied access,” said the statement signed by the Washington Post, Wall Street Journal, New York Times and Tribune Publishing, as well as the Daily Mail and others.

“But any attempt by the campaign to dictate who is in the pool is unacceptable.”

""The pool in general is tight-knit organization,"" Martosko told ""The Kelly File"" Monday night. ""And to a man and woman, they all said, 'No. The Clinton campaign does not get to choose who covers them.'""

Most presidential campaigns essentially follow the procedures outlined by the White House Correspondents Association. To accommodate the frequent media crush, a newspaper reporter, a photographer and a TV crew, known as the pool, covers an event. Then the details are widely shared via email to reporters and others.

However, in covering Clinton, a group of 14 news organizations, including The New York Times and The Washington Post, have formed to cover events and share the information on a limited basis.

Group members argue that those who don’t share the expenses of covering a campaign shouldn’t have immediate access to the information, or “pool reports.”

Still, this is not the first time a member affiliated with the foreign press has complained about being excluded from covering Clinton up close.

“My feeling is that some people have established the rules and that we haven’t been part of the discussion,” a reporter for the French TV network Canal Plus recently told The Post. “I went to Iowa to cover [Clinton’s] first event. I only saw her van. … I am fighting for equality and access for all.”

The Clinton camp on Monday also said: ""We have been working to create an equitable system, and have had some concerns expressed by foreign outlets about not being a part of the rotation.”

A DailyMail.com spokesperson on Monday afternoon confirmed that Martosko was denied access to the Clinton event and kept from boarding a van that her campaign is using to transport pool reporters around New Hampshire. However, the campaign has yet to provide a full explanation, considering Martosko was scheduled to be the designated print pool reporter, the spokesperson also said.

Martosko tweeted: “For those of you asking: What I've seen online re: today is accurate, and I intend to report here whether they want me to or not.""",1
2186,Congress's fight over Iran deal enters new phase,"The Obama administration says new visa rules passed by Congress could undermine the Iran nuclear deal. But Congress embraces its role as a watchdog.

The Iran nuclear deal may be signed, sealed, and on the road to implementation, but there are signs that the sparring between the Obama administration and Congress is merely taking new forms.

The newest flashpoint is a new visa-waiver law designed to reduce the risk of terrorists entering the country. The measure appears to force anyone who has traveled to Iran since 2011 to get a visa before visiting the United States.

Some administration officials worry that this kind of provision could be opponents' way of undermining an agreement that they couldn’t defeat outright. Secretary of State John Kerry responded by telling Iran that President Obama would waive the provisions that might interfere with the nuclear deal.

For their part, critics see Mr. Obama’s proposed waiver as another sign that he’s going soft on Iran in order to preserve a major piece of his foreign policy legacy.

The tension points to the deep mutual suspicions that remain on Iran. As a result, the path forward could be a narrow one, with Congress embracing its role as an Iran watchdog while Obama pushes for the space to allow the agreement to take hold.

For the moment, some officials say the administration is eyeing upcoming parliamentary elections in Iran. The hope is that smooth implementation of the nuclear deal will boost moderate candidates in the February voting.

But others say this is the wrong time to be placating Iran.

Secretary Kerry’s promise “suggests the administration will bend over backwards to implement the nuclear deal, when actually this is the time when the US should react stronger and show more firmness towards Iran,” says Alireza Jafarzadeh, deputy director of the National Council of Resistance of Iran in Washington, an opposition group of exiled Iranians. “Otherwise they’ll pave the way to further Iranian defiance.”

The new visa law was passed amid heightened concerns over visa-less travel in the wake of the Paris and San Bernardino, Calif., terrorist attacks. It affects the citizens of 38 countries whose citizens do not need visas to enter the United States. Under the new law, citizens of those countries will now need to obtain a visa if they are also citizens of Iraq, Sudan, Syria, or Iran. Moreover, some interpret the law to mean that anyone who has visited those four countries since 2011 will also need a visa.

Iran officials worry that the new law could hurt the Iran economy. Business representatives who know they could have a harder time entering the US could be deterred from visiting Iran, they say.

Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif told the New Yorker the new visa provisions were “absurd,” adding no Iranian or visitor to Iran had attacked the West. “Whereas many people have been targeted by the nationals of your allies [or] people visiting your allies… So you’re looking at the wrong address.”

The comment seemed a thinly veiled reference to Saudi Arabia and Pakistan, whose nationals or recent visitors were involved in the Paris and San Bernardino attacks.

Kerry pledged in a letter to Mr. Zarif that the US would implement the new visa rules “so as not to interfere with legitimate business interests in Iran” and was looking into ways to “waive” any aspects that violated the nuclear deal.

Administration officials say they have no intention of going soft on Iran. Indeed, they recently held a closed-door briefing for members of Congress at which they laid out actions undertaken to counter Iran’s efforts to spread its influence in the Middle East. The officials revealed the recent US intercept of a shipment of Iranian arms destined for Houthi rebels fighting a war against the US-backed government in Yemen.

Nuclear deal critics like Mr. Jafarzadeh say they cringed at Kerry’s quick reassurances to Iran. “It was very troubling to say the least to see Secretary Kerry rush to send a letter to Zarif that gives unwarranted promises of multiple-entry business visas to a government whose economy is run by the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps, an organization whose agenda includes terrorism, buying influences in international affairs, and exporting Islamic fundamentalism.”

Even some congressional supporters of the nuclear deal are warning that strict vigilance of Iran must continue. Members of Congress have expressed particular concern about two Iranian ballistic missile tests in recent weeks. At least one of them violated a Security Council resolution barring Iran from testing missiles that could potentially carry nuclear warheads, according to the United Nations.

On Thursday, Sen. Chris Coons (D) of Delaware – a backer of the deal – warned against anything short of “relentless implementation” of the agreement and “aggressive enforcement” of separate sanctions aimed at curbing Iran’s “support for terrorism, human rights violations, or their ballistic missile program.”

“If we take our eye off this ball,” he said, “they will take that as a clear signal that … they have carte blanche to continue their actions that are antithetical to our values and interests.”",1
4759,Why LeBron James’s Endorsement Could Help Clinton Retake Ohio,"While Ohio has been a presidential bellwether for decades, Hillary Clinton has largely focused her efforts elsewhere, as polls consistently put the Buckeye State in Donald Trump’s column. Still, the G.O.P. nominee’s lead is narrow, and now a huge new endorsement could put Ohio back in play, thanks to one of the state’s biggest stars: LeBron James.

“When I think about the kinds of policies and ideas the kids in my foundation need from our government, the choice is clear. That candidate is Hillary Clinton,” the Cleveland Cavaliers star wrote in an op-ed Sunday, published by Business Insider. James drew on his experiences working with kids in Akron, Ohio, through his charity—the LeBron James Family Foundation—as motivation for his support of Clinton, who he argues will also build on the legacy of President Barack Obama. “Only one person running truly understands the struggles of an Akron child born into poverty,” he wrote.

James’s endorsement of Clinton comes at a crucial time in the presidential race. Unlike Clinton, who has multiple potential paths to the White House, a victory for Trump in less than six weeks hinges on winning Ohio and its 18 electoral votes. Right now, the New York billionaire is enjoying a 3.8-point edge on average in the polls in the battleground state, thanks in part to the state “growing older, whiter and less educated than the nation at large,” as The New York Times reports.

But to triumph over Clinton, Trump needs more than just the white vote. And in Ohio, James is as close to royalty as you can get. The fact that the star forward is backing Clinton could potentially mobilize minority voters and tip the scales toward the Democratic nominee. For weeks Trump, has struggled to make inroads with the African-American community as he faces charges of running a campaign fueled by bigotry. His tone-deaf appeals to black voters (“What do you have to lose?”) and advocacy for widespread use of the controversial policing tactic “stop and frisk” hasn’t helped. In the wake of a number of high-profile deaths of black men at the hands of police officers, James argues that Clinton is better suited to respond to the heightened racial tensions in the U.S. “We must address the violence, of every kind, the African-American community is experiencing in our street and seeing on our TVs,” he wrote. “We need a president who brings us together and keeps us unified. Policies and ideas that divide us are not the solution. We must all stand together—no matter where we are from or the color of our skin. And Hillary is running on the message of hope and unity that we need.” With enthusiasm for her candidacy flagging, Clinton needs celebrity endorsements like James’ to help get out the vote—especially among black voters who are a critical Democratic constituency but, like other voting blocs, are less excited about Clinton than Obama.

James is far from the only high-profile athlete who has shared his political views during this election. San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick, who throughout the N.F.L. season has protested police violence by choosing not to stand during the national anthem, said that both Clinton and Trump “are proven liars,” and that voters will have to “pick the lesser of two evils.” Last week, two Seattle Seahawks players commented on the recent police shootings. On Conan, Marshawn Lynch said he hopes “people open up their eyes and see that there’s really a problem going on.” And Richard Sherman refused to take reporters’ questions during a news conference last week as a form of protest. Even, Michael Jordan, who is famously said to have quipped, “Republicans buy sneakers too,” wrote a statement earlier this year condemning violence against African-Americans and the killing of police officers, and donated $1 million each to the N.A.A.C.P. Legal Defense Fund and the International Association of Chiefs of Police’s Institute for Community-Police Relations.",1
402,White House warns Congress: Fight Zika or live to regret it,"""Congress has completely abdicated their responsibility,"" White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest told reporters, speaking of its inaction on the Obama administration's request for nearly $2 billion to take extensive preventative measures, such as developing vaccines and widespread mosquito control.

""I take no joy in suggesting that Republicans are going to look back on this time that they've had to act on the Zika virus and deeply regret it,"" Earnest added.

The White House slammed members of Congress over the administration's decision to shift more than half a billion dollars that was designated for fighting Ebola to instead be used against Zika.

The Zika virus has been linked to microcephaly -- a condition in which a developing fetus' brain fails to fully grow and babies are born with unusually small heads -- as well as Guillain-Barre syndrome, which causes the body to attack its own nerves.

Officials said Wednesday there have been 64 confirmed cases of Zika in pregnant women in the continental U.S. One baby has been born with microcephaly in Hawaii and more cases are being investigated. So far, the U.S. cases appear to have been contracted in other countries where the virus has been circulating. The White House stressed that even with the shift in funds from the Ebola coffers, the current amount of money available won't be enough to adequately prepare for what the World Health Organization has called a global health emergency. ""At some point, later this spring or maybe later this summer, all of you and your news organizations are going to be sounding the alarm about the significant threat that is posed by the Zika virus,"" Earnest said. ""That is going to happen."" But as Earnest was briefing reporters, the House Appropriations Committee put out a statement explaining its position. ""More than a month ago, we called on the administration to use existing funding and legal authorities to provide the most immediate and effective response to the Zika outbreak,"" the statement said. ""We are pleased to hear today that federal agencies are heeding our call."" And offering some reassurance in the face of the White House's ominous predictions, the statement said, ""As we move forward, the Appropriations Committee will continue to monitor the changing needs resulting from this unpredictable crisis to assure the resources necessary for the response are available."" In the White House's view, though, until Congress approves more funding, there's a risk. The Office of Management and Budget devoted a blog post to the problem on Wednesday, saying, ""Without the full amount of requested emergency supplemental funding, many activities that need to start now would have to be delayed, or curtailed or stopped, within months.""",1
2421,Cuba has a possible lung cancer vaccine that America can now test,"The United States and Cuba have taken major steps to end their 50 years of hostility, and some researchers think Americans could reap an unexpected benefit: better access to Cuban medical innovations.

""The US may be the world leader in basic cancer research, biotechnology, and treatment,"" explained Marga Gual Soler, who studies science diplomacy. ""But Cuba has built a universal, free, and public health care system, [and] has the highest number of medical doctors per capita in the world, a robust biotechnology industry developed with very low resources, and guaranteed access to drugs and advanced diagnostics for the population.""





One of the first diplomatic exchanges involved Cimavax, a lung cancer vaccine first developed in Cuba. But it doesn't work for prevention like a traditional vaccine; instead, it stimulates the immune system in a different way, to stop cancers from growing in people who already have the disease. Researchers down there found that the vaccine increased survival rates and had few side effects in patients with late-stage disease.

There's reason to be cautious: US studies will need to replicate these findings in order to meet federal regulatory standards. And it's still a long way from clinical trials to being widely available for patients.

For now, scientists are excited about the possibility — and the exchange raises questions about how a political shift might spur medical innovation.

To learn more, I spoke to Dr. Kelvin Lee of Buffalo's Roswell Park Cancer Institute. Lee helped lead America's collaboration with Havana's Center of Molecular Immunology, which discovered the vaccine. Here, he explains why he thinks Cimavax is particularly promising, and why he's so enthusiastic about more Cuba-US medical exchanges.

Julia Belluz: How did your exchanges with the Cubans change how you think about medical innovation coming out of there?

Kelvin Lee: Everybody believes Cuba is this country stuck in the 1950s without realizing that the reason Cuban biotech is so innovative is because Cuba as a country has put a very high priority on health care. The public health care metrics are comparable to the US in terms of longevity and infant mortality. Cuba punches way above its weight. Because it is economically constrained, it has to be extraordinarily innovative.

""Many people think what Cuba has to offer the US is rum, cigars, and baseball players"" They have two other anti-cancer vaccines [in addition to Cimavax] that are equally exciting but earlier in development. They also have a monoclonal antibody called Nimotuzumab [to treat brain cancer]. The US has monoclonal antibodies that target colon and lung cancers. However, those antibodies cause a fair amount of toxicity. Nimotuzumab does not have those side effects, so it's applicable for pediatric patients. They’ve used it in pediatric brain cancer. We don't have anything we can give to kids safely. That’s another drug we’d be very interested in seeing.

JB: So how did the warming of relations between the US and Cuba impact bringing Cimavax here?

KL: We got the license to import it, but what we needed were manufacturing documents from the Center for Molecular Immunology that described how the vaccine was manufactured, what quality control measures were taken, etc. This is 1,000 pages the FDA needs to review.



A trade mission [last year] allowed us to go down there and sign the agreements to move the documents forward. So the mission finalized the last piece and allowed us to march into clinical trials. This was one of the biggest obstacles for us. Many people think what Cuba has to offer the US is rum, cigars, and baseball players. Through the trade mission, many realized the biotech sector in Cuba is really remarkable.

JB: This vaccine is being called a revolutionary lung cancer vaccine. But it's actually more a treatment than what we typically think of as a vaccine. Can you explain exactly what Cimavax does?

KL: This vaccine has been developed by the Center for Molecular Immunology in Havana. They've been developing it since the late 1990s and have done a lot of interesting clinical trials, including a large phase 3 randomized controlled trial in 405 patients in Cuba. The patients had advanced-stage lung cancer, primarily because that’s their No. 1 cancer burden in Cuba and they don't have anything else other than first-line chemotherapy. Now it has been approved by the Cuban FDA for the treatment of lung cancer.

The vaccine is made out of a man-made protein that is called epidermal growth factor. This is a protein your body normally produces, and it helps support the growth of normal cells like skin cells. [It can also help cancer cells grow.] In those cells that become cancerous, this vaccine initiates an immune response against the epidermal growth factor protein, thus depleting an important thing the cancer needs to grow and survive. So the cancer can’t grow anymore. 



 JB: Could this method be applied to vaccines for other types of cancers or used for cancer prevention?

KL: Our Cuban colleagues have not tested that, because they’re economically constrained. They've only tested it in the No. 1 cancer burden in Cuba, lung cancer, and they haven't had the resources to do clinical trials in other types of cancer. [We'll study that.]

Can it be used in prevention? We already know patients that have early-stage lung cancer can get their cancers removed. We also know many are smokers who have damaged their lungs all over the place and have pre-cancerous lesions all over their lungs. They have a very high risk of relapse with a second lung cancer. We think the real potential for this vaccine is we can reduce the risk of relapse in this patient population.

One can think even further: If we develop an algorithm to predict a person's lung cancer risk, we could potentially vaccinate the very highest-risk cohorts to try to reduce their risk of lung cancer. That patient population is potentially in the millions, especially if you go worldwide.

JB: How far are we away from this vaccine reaching the US?

KL: Cuba has done the phase-three studies [the final preapproval phase studies to confirm safety and effectiveness], and there are other phase 3 studies going on internationally in lung cancer. But there has been no experience in the US because of embargo issues.

So we are predicting that the FDA is going to ask for a phase 1 study [which will test the drug in healthy people to confirm it's safe] in the US, just to replicate the safety data that our Cuban colleagues already reported. Once we get through that, we anticipate we won't see very much toxicity or anything different from what’s been reported. After that phase 1 study, we'll move on to other phase 1 studies in prevention and potentially in other cancers.

We will be filing an investigational drug application with the FDA. Hopefully we can get that document together and submitted this spring.

On a parallel track, we have two clinical trials that are in the institutional approval process here at Roswell Park. We are hoping to get those approved within the same time frame. That would mean we have trials here opening at the end of this year.",1
1791,White House counsel reportedly kept in dark on Clinton’s personal email use,"The White House counsel's office reportedly was kept in the dark about Hillary Clinton's exclusive use of personal email while secretary of state, in the latest detail raising questions over how and why she stayed off the government system despite administration guidance to the contrary.

Clinton used non-official personal email, and also used a server traced to her New York home.

An unnamed source told The Associated Press the White House counsel's office only found out about her heavy personal email use as part of the congressional investigation into the Benghazi attack.

The person said Clinton's exclusive reliance on personal email as the nation's top diplomat was inconsistent with the guidance given to agencies that official business should be conducted on official email accounts. According to the source, the counsel's office asked the State Department to ensure that her email records were properly archived, after finding out in the course of the Benghazi probe she did not follow the guidance.

Meanwhile, lawmakers and others were stepping up efforts to get to the bottom of the issue.

The House select committee investigating the 2012 attacks on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi subpoenaed her personal emails on Wednesday. And the Republican National Committee's chief counsel formally requested a State Department inspector general investigation.

Amid the pressure, Clinton said on Twitter late Wednesday she has asked the State Department to make her emails available to the public, in her first public response to the controversy.

""I want the public to see my email,"" she tweeted. ""I asked State to release them. They said they will review them for release as soon as possible.""

This means the State Department will vet the 55,000-plus pages she handed over, leaving the diplomatic agency with the intensely politicized task of determining which can be made public.

The State Department said it would review the emails as quickly as possible but cautioned it would take some time.

The email saga has developed as the first major test for how the White House and President Obama's administration will deal with Clinton's likely 2016 presidential campaign -- and the inevitable questions that will only get louder as 2016 approaches.

In his letter to department Inspector General Steve Linick, RNC Chief Counsel John Phillippe urged an investigation into whether Clinton's system posed a cybersecurity risk, what the department email policies were, how Clinton was allowed to use the personal system and other issues.

""The American public deserves to know whether one of its top-ranking public official's actions violated federal law,"" he wrote. ""With transparency and openness in government being one of President Obama's guiding principles, it is incumbent upon your office to determine the facts surrounding this issue.""

Since the revelations surfaced this week, the Obama administration has been pummeled by endless questions about Clinton, who hasn't formally announced a run. In the absence of an official campaign to defend her, the White House press secretary has been put in the awkward position of being a de facto Clinton spokesman and the most public voice speaking on her behalf.

While trying to avoid doing political damage to Clinton, the White House has put the onus on her aides to explain exactly what happened.

White House press secretary Josh Earnest acknowledged Wednesday that Clinton would have emailed White House officials on a non-government account. But the source familiar with the matter who spoke to the AP said the White House was not aware that was her sole method of email and that she wasn't keeping a record of her emails at the State Department.

The person said the White House's concern was that agencies must maintain records for historical and legal purposes in the case of a Freedom of Information Act request or subpoena. If the State Department didn't control the records, officials there could not search and ensure they are turning over what is required and that could create a legal issue for the agency.

Earnest said the guidance given to government officials is that they should forward work emails on a personal address to official accounts or even print them out and turn them over to their agency to ensure they are properly maintained.

The Associated Press also has reported that Clinton's account was set up on a computer email server traced to her home in Chappaqua, New York.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2863,Iran talks to be extended another day,"Negotiations over Iran’s nuclear program appeared to take a sour turn Wednesday after pushing on past a key deadline, but Secretary of State John F. Kerry decided to stay in Switzerland an extra day in search of a breakthrough.

State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said that progress had been made and that Kerry would remain “until at least Thursday morning.” But the short period appeared to reflect the difficulties in the talks between six world powers and Iran over a preliminary agreement on restricting the Islamic republic’s ability to use its civilian nuclear technology to build atomic weapons.

“We continue to make progress but have not reached a political understanding,” Harf told reporters.

The talks with Iran appeared to be on ever-more-shaky ground as the day elapsed. The White House said Iran had not made commitments about its nuclear program in Wednesday’s sessions, and Iran’s foreign minister described negotiations with the West as “always problematic.”

Though the talks continued, Germany’s foreign minister said it was possible they could collapse.

[The big questions any nuclear deal with Iran would have to answer]

“It is clear the negotiations are not going well,” two prominent Republican senators who have been wary of an agreement — John McCain (Ariz.) and Lindsey O. Graham (S.C.) — said in a joint statement. “At every step, the Iranians appear intent on retaining the capacity to achieve a nuclear weapon.”

The Obama administration had sought a broad political framework for an agreement by Tuesday, with three additional months to negotiate the technical details. But a deadline that perhaps was intended to pressure Iran to make concessions came and went as the country’s representatives bargained hard. A temporary nuclear agreement with Iran remains in effect until June 30.

Diplomats and politicians sounded exasperated Wednesday, even as they acknowledged they were still exploring proposals to find a way out of their impasse.

In Washington, White House press secretary Josh Earnest said that the talks were productive but that there were unresolved details. He said the United States would not arbitrarily end the negotiations if they were making progress, “but if we are in a situation where we sense that the talks have stalled, then yes, the United States and the international community is prepared to walk away.”

In Lausanne, German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said that new proposals would be considered but that the two sides were still far apart.

When asked whether the talks could collapse, Steinmeier told German reporters: “Naturally. Whoever negotiates has to accept the risk of collapse. But I say that in light of the convergence [of views] that we have achieved here in Switzerland, in Lausanne, it would be irresponsible to ignore the possibility of reaching an agreement.”

Steinmeier said he would reassess on Thursday morning whether to stay or return home. French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius, who went to Paris on Wednesday morning, was headed back to the talks in Lausanne that night.

Iran’s chief negotiator, Mohammed Javad Zarif, was critical of his counterparts when he was approached by reporters as he strolled along the shores of Lake Geneva.

“I’ve always said that an agreement and pressure do not go together; they are mutually exclusive,” he said. “So our friends need to decide whether they want to be with Iran based on respect or whether they want to continue based on pressure. They have tested the other one. It is high time to test this one.”

Earlier, speaking to Iranian reporters outside the Beau Rivage Palace, where talks are being conducted, Zarif sounded weary with the approach taken by the multiple negotiating teams on the other side of the table.

“The negotiations’ progress depends on political will,” he said, according to Iran’s Mehr News Agency. “The other party’s political will has always been problematic.”

With the departure of several foreign ministers who had arrived over the weekend, Kerry was joined at the table by the British and German foreign ministers and the European Union’s foreign policy chief. France, China and Russia were represented by their ministers’ deputies.

The Obama administration and its negotiating partners are seeking an agreement that will sharply limit Iran’s ability to build nuclear weapons for at least a decade and maintain lesser restrictions in subsequent years. Iran says that its nuclear program is for peaceful, civilian purposes. It is seeking the lifting of international sanctions that have battered its economy.

The day’s negotiations started amid hopes of a preliminary agreement on at least some issues.

Iranian Deputy Foreign Minister Abbas Araghchi said he expected the talks to end late Wednesday with a statement “announcing progress.” That was quickly contradicted by diplomats from other countries.

Araghchi also offered some insight into Iran’s position on two central issues — the lifting of sanctions and the future of Iran’s research on centrifuges to enrich uranium.

“We insist on lifting of financial and oil and banking sanctions immediately,” he told Iranian state television, adding that the pace for lifting other sanctions was still being negotiated.

“We insist on keeping research and development with advanced centrifuges,” he added, referring to Iran’s desire to eventually replace its outdated centrifuges with more modern technology that enriches uranium more quickly. The United States and its negotiating partners want to keep restrictions on Iran’s nuclear research through the final years of a potential 15-year accord. They also want economic sanctions lifted more gradually.

For months, the State Department avoided the word deadline, a term that was used in Congress and the press. Officials called it a goal. In recent weeks, though, even U.S. diplomats began using the term.

“We’ve said that March 31st is a deadline; it has to mean something, and the decisions don’t get easier after March 31st,” Harf said Monday.

Some say the White House should never have adopted the “D” word.

“It was a mistake to set the March 31 deadline in the first place, because we need a positive outcome more than anyone else,” said Gary Samore, a former nuclear arms adviser to President Obama. “Naturally, the Iranians are taking advantage and playing hard ball.”

Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu kept up his unrelenting criticism of an agreement with Iran.

“Yesterday, an Iranian general brazenly said, and I quote, Israel’s destruction is nonnegotiable. But evidently giving Iran’s murderous regime a clear path to a bomb is negotiable,” he said in a statement from Jerusalem.

House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio), who was visiting Israel on Wednesday with a congressional delegation, said in an appearance with Netanyahu: “Regardless of where in the Middle East we’ve been, the message has been the same: You can’t continue to turn your eye away from the threats that face all of us.”

William Branigin in Washington, William Booth in Jerusalem and Karoun Demirjian in Moscow contributed to this report.

A framework? A deal? The semantics of the talks.",1
1983,Election 2016: Clinton email stumble fuels Dem critics,"A string of damaging stories about Hillary Clinton's activities as Secretary of State -- including the new controversy surrounding her email habits -- are giving fresh ammo to Clinton skeptics who have grown resigned lately to the idea of a Democratic coronation instead of a genuine, competitive primary.

Now, those Democrats clamoring for a Clinton alternative are once again speaking up about the need for a primary that will, at the very least, serve as a vetting process and prepare Clinton for the general election.

Political observers expect New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo to yield to Hillary Clinton's run in 2016, fearing there wouldn't be room in the race for two Democrats from the Empire State.

Political observers expect New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo to yield to Hillary Clinton's run in 2016, fearing there wouldn't be room in the race for two Democrats from the Empire State.

Former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum, a social conservative, gave Mitt Romney his toughest challenge in the nomination fight last time out and has made trips recently to early voting states, including Iowa and South Carolina.

Former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum, a social conservative, gave Mitt Romney his toughest challenge in the nomination fight last time out and has made trips recently to early voting states, including Iowa and South Carolina.

Republican Rick Perry, the former Texas governor, announced in 2013 that he would not be seeking re-election, leading to speculation that he might mount a second White House bid.

Republican Rick Perry, the former Texas governor, announced in 2013 that he would not be seeking re-election, leading to speculation that he might mount a second White House bid.

Democrat Martin O'Malley, the former Maryland governor, released a ""buzzy"" political video in November 2013 in tandem with visits to New Hampshire. He also headlined a Democratic Party event in South Carolina, which holds the first Southern primary.

Democrat Martin O'Malley, the former Maryland governor, released a ""buzzy"" political video in November 2013 in tandem with visits to New Hampshire. He also headlined a Democratic Party event in South Carolina, which holds the first Southern primary.

Texas Sen. Ted Cruz announced his 2016 presidential bid on Monday, March 23, in a speech at Liberty University. The first-term Republican and tea party darling is considered a gifted orator and smart politician. He is best known in the Senate for his marathon filibuster over defunding Obamacare.

Texas Sen. Ted Cruz announced his 2016 presidential bid on Monday, March 23, in a speech at Liberty University. The first-term Republican and tea party darling is considered a gifted orator and smart politician. He is best known in the Senate for his marathon filibuster over defunding Obamacare.

Sen. Rand Paul officially announced his presidential bid on Tuesday, April 7, at a rally in Louisville, Kentucky. The tea party favorite probably will have to address previous controversies that include comments on civil rights, a plagiarism allegation and his assertion that the top NSA official lied to Congress about surveillance.

Sen. Rand Paul officially announced his presidential bid on Tuesday, April 7, at a rally in Louisville, Kentucky. The tea party favorite probably will have to address previous controversies that include comments on civil rights, a plagiarism allegation and his assertion that the top NSA official lied to Congress about surveillance.

Rep. Paul Ryan, a former 2012 vice presidential candidate and fiscally conservative budget hawk, says he's keeping his ""options open"" for a possible presidential run but is not focused on it.

Rep. Paul Ryan, a former 2012 vice presidential candidate and fiscally conservative budget hawk, says he's keeping his ""options open"" for a possible presidential run but is not focused on it.

New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie has started a series of town halls in New Hampshire to test the presidential waters, becoming more comfortable talking about national issues and staking out positions on hot topic debates.

New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie has started a series of town halls in New Hampshire to test the presidential waters, becoming more comfortable talking about national issues and staking out positions on hot topic debates.

Vice President Joe Biden has twice before made unsuccessful bids for the Oval Office -- in 1988 and 2008. A former senator known for his foreign policy and national security expertise, Biden made the rounds on the morning shows recently and said he thinks he'd ""make a good President.""

Vice President Joe Biden has twice before made unsuccessful bids for the Oval Office -- in 1988 and 2008. A former senator known for his foreign policy and national security expertise, Biden made the rounds on the morning shows recently and said he thinks he'd ""make a good President.""

Jim Webb, the former Democratic senator from Virginia, is entertaining a 2016 presidential run. In January, he told NPR that his party has not focused on white, working-class voters in past elections.

Jim Webb, the former Democratic senator from Virginia, is entertaining a 2016 presidential run. In January, he told NPR that his party has not focused on white, working-class voters in past elections.

Lincoln Chafee, a Republican-turned-independent-turned-Democrat former governor and senator of Rhode Island, said he's running for president on Thursday, April 16, as a Democrat, but his spokeswoman said the campaign is still in the presidential exploratory committee stages.

Lincoln Chafee, a Republican-turned-independent-turned-Democrat former governor and senator of Rhode Island, said he's running for president on Thursday, April 16, as a Democrat, but his spokeswoman said the campaign is still in the presidential exploratory committee stages.

Sen. Marco Rubio announced his bid for the 2016 presidency on Monday, April 13, a day after Hillary Clinton, with a rally in Florida. He's a Republican rising star from Florida who swept into office in 2010 on the back of tea party fervor. But his support of comprehensive immigration reform, which passed the Senate but has stalled in the House, has led some in his party to sour on his prospects.

Sen. Marco Rubio announced his bid for the 2016 presidency on Monday, April 13, a day after Hillary Clinton, with a rally in Florida. He's a Republican rising star from Florida who swept into office in 2010 on the back of tea party fervor. But his support of comprehensive immigration reform, which passed the Senate but has stalled in the House, has led some in his party to sour on his prospects.

Hillary Clinton launched her presidential bid Sunday, April 12, through a video message on social media. She continues to be considered the overwhelming front-runner among possible 2016 Democratic presidential candidates.

Hillary Clinton launched her presidential bid Sunday, April 12, through a video message on social media. She continues to be considered the overwhelming front-runner among possible 2016 Democratic presidential candidates.

South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham has said he'll make a decision about a presidential run sometime soon. A potential bid could focus on Graham's foreign policy stance.

South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham has said he'll make a decision about a presidential run sometime soon. A potential bid could focus on Graham's foreign policy stance.

On March 2, retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson announced the launch of an exploratory committee. The move will allow him to raise money that could eventually be transferred to an official presidential campaign and indicates he is on track with stated plans to formally announce a bid in May.

On March 2, retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson announced the launch of an exploratory committee. The move will allow him to raise money that could eventually be transferred to an official presidential campaign and indicates he is on track with stated plans to formally announce a bid in May.

Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal is establishing a committee to formally explore a White House bid. ""If I run, my candidacy will be based on the idea that the American people are ready to try a dramatically different direction,"" he said in a news release provided to CNN on Monday, May 18

Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker has created a political committee that will help him travel and raise money while he considers a 2016 bid. Additionally, billionaire businessman David Koch said in a private gathering in Manhattan this month that he wants Walker to be the next president, but he doesn't plan to back anyone in the primaries.

Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker has created a political committee that will help him travel and raise money while he considers a 2016 bid. Additionally, billionaire businessman David Koch said in a private gathering in Manhattan this month that he wants Walker to be the next president, but he doesn't plan to back anyone in the primaries.

Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush has said his decision to run for the Republican nomination will be based on two things: his family and whether he can lift America's spirit. His father and brother are former Presidents.

Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush has said his decision to run for the Republican nomination will be based on two things: his family and whether he can lift America's spirit. His father and brother are former Presidents.

""The closer we get to 2016, the more the electorate pays attention, which we're now seeing with foreign contributions to the Clinton Foundation and in Hillary's undisclosed emails,"" said Boyd Brown, a Democratic National Committee member and former state legislator from South Carolina. ""These are problems that raise real leadership and transparency concerns, concerns that can be addressed in caucuses and primaries, but would go ignored in a coronation process.""

In conversations with grassroots Democrats around the country and in key nominating states, there is renewed concern that Clinton is saddled with too much baggage and dubious political instincts that could sink her against the GOP nominee if the kinks are not worked out in a contested primary.

""The Democratic base that isn't wedded to her is nervous about it,"" said Deborah Arnie Arnesen, a progressive radio host in Concord, New Hampshire. ""It makes her more vulnerable. What is this anointed candidate getting us? A much more flawed candidate than we thought. And Republicans now have material they never thought they would have.""

""We need to litigate this in a primary so that she will better at it, or it will be the Republicans who will be doing it for her,"" she added.

The latest round of bad press began last week when the Washington Post reported on foreign government contributions made to the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation while she was serving as Secretary of State, including one donation from the Algerian government that may have violated the Obama administration's ethics policy.

This week, the New York Times broke the news that Clinton exclusively used a private email account to do business at the State Department, allowing her to skirt federal record-keeping practices. The revelation also raised security concerns, though State Department officials said nothing classified passed through her account.

And late Wednesday, Clinton sought to realign herself on the side of transparency, tweeting that she wants ""the public to see my email.""

But that doesn't mean they'll be released anytime soon. State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said in a statement Thursday that the review process will take ""some time"" because of the volume of emails to sift through.

Clinton supporters have pushed back against the media and Republicans, waving off the stories as yet another Twitter-fueled much-ado-about-nothing that has little resonance with the typical voter beyond Washington.

""Voters do not give a sh-t about what email Hillary used,"" said Democratic strategist Paul Begala, a longtime Clinton ally and CNN contributor. ""They don't even give a fart.""

But if regular voters aren't paying attention, the Democratic power brokers who hold sway over the nomination process in key states — the legislators, local party chairmen and plugged-in activists — most definitely are. The questions some of them are raising are less about the specifics of the stories and more about the long-established narratives they feed: That the secretive Clintons, enabled by unquestioning loyalists, play by their own rules.

""The questions relating to Hillary are more about, are we tired of the same old thing?"" asked one prominent Democratic state Senator in South Carolina who wished to remain anonymous. ""It's time to turn the page and find something that will appeal to voters in South Carolina. People just don't relate to these national stars like Hillary Clinton or Barack Obama or Nancy Pelosi or whatever.""

The critical voices in the Democratic Party should not be confused for the majority view. Many Democrats are siding with Clinton through the e-mail flap, underscoring her broad popularity within the party and her undisputed frontrunner status. Recent polls of Iowa Democrats have put Clinton's lead over her closest potential rival, Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren, at anywhere from 40 to 56 points.

""This stuff feels kind of petty to me,"" said Cindy Pollard, a Clinton backer and vice-chairman of the Jasper County Democrats in Iowa. ""Like, this is all they got?""

But the stories have given new fuel to stalwart Clinton skeptics who, anxious about the prospect of a nominee who hasn't been challenged seriously in the national political arena since her ill-fated 2008 campaign, have been demanding other prominent Democrats to join the 2016 race and not give Clinton a free ride.

Some of her critics are unabashed anti-Wall Street progressives who have urged Warren to join the fray. Some are younger Democrats who see the Clintons as emblems of the past, and others are simply skeptical of Clinton's ability to stir the passions of the Democratic base.

Whatever their motivations, the Anybody-But-Hillary voices have been happy over the last several years to prop up potential rivals and feed reporters quotes about the importance of a Democratic nomination fight instead of a free walk to the nomination for Clinton.

But in recent months, with Warren looking unlikely to run and Clinton lining up blue chip talent for her nascent campaign staff, the critics have lowered their voices and braced for the coming reality of Clinton-as-nominee, even if potential contenders like Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley, former Virginia Sen. Jim Webb and Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders make a run.

While many Democrats are still reluctant to publicly criticize the Clintons — ""Everybody is kind of afraid right now to say anything,"" one of Iowa's most well-connected Democratic organizers told CNN when asked about the new controversies — others are less likely to pull punches.

In New York, Zephyr Teachout, who challenged New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo from the left in last year's Democratic Primary, chided Clinton in the New York Daily News over the e-mail flap.

""She shouldn't have done it,"" Teachout said. ""She should come forward and give a press availability on it. Just as a matter of leadership, she should address it directly ... This is why we need a primary, to force debate both about policy and leadership style.""

Dick Harpootlian, a former South Carolina party chairman and supporter of Vice President Joe Biden, said the e-mail story is yet another Clinton scandal to throw on the pile.

'Always another shoe to drop'

""There's always another shoe to drop with Hillary,"" Harpootlian told the Washington Post. ""Do we nominate her not knowing what's in those e-mails? If the e-mails were just her and her family and friends canoodling about fashion and what they're going to do next week, that's one thing. But the fact that she's already turned e-mails to the Benghazi committee because she was doing official business on it means she's going to die by 1,000 cuts on this one.""

Brown, the DNC member, said that party leaders in his state are feeling ""shaky"" about Clinton.

""Folks are remembering why they pushed back in 2008, and a candidate with the right message and retail politics could pick the lock Clinton thinks she has on the party faithful,"" Brown said.",1
4429,"Kurdish forces, backed by U.S. airstrikes, launch offensive in Iraq","At 7 a.m., the Kurdish forces began their assault.

Backed by a barrage of U.S.-led airstrikes, about 7,500 Kurdish peshmerga fighters, including thousands of minority Yazidis, launched a three-pronged attack against the ­Islamic State in the northern Iraqi city of Sinjar.

They had gathered at the base of Mount Sinjar at dawn Thursday. Some prayed and others huddled by campfires before moving to their positions. The dirt tracks to the front lines were jammed with vehicles full of fighters.

On the western side of the mountain, Kurdish special forces tentatively advanced on foot into Islamic State-held territory followed by a snaking convoy of armored vehicles. By nightfall they had succeeded in cutting the highway next to the city, which runs from Raqqa in Syria to Mosul in Iraq, splitting the Islamic State’s territory apart.

Peshmerga forces had entered a former Iraqi military base and cleared a string of ­villages, Kurdish officials said.

The drive to retake Sinjar is the largest offensive launched by Iraqi Kurds against the Islamic State and a key test of their military capabilities. It comes as the militants face attacks on multiple fronts, from Raqqa, the group’s de facto capital in Syria, to Ramadi in western Iraq.

The loss of Sinjar would deal the Islamic State a severe setback, cutting its supply lines between Iraq and Syria. But it is also a particularly emotive fight.

The sudden fall of Sinjar to Islamic State militants in August 2014 devastated the Yazidi community. Hundreds of thousands fled Sinjar and the surrounding area — many straight into the hands of the extremists, who ­consider Yazidis heretics. Yazidi men were summarily executed en masse, and women were rounded up to be bought and sold as sex slaves. Tens of thousands of people fled to Mount Sinjar.

As troops gathered Thursday at dawn at the base of the mountain to launch their attack, the Yazidi fighters pledged vengeance.

“It was a tragedy, and we carry a great sorrow in each of us,” Salim Shevan, a 28-year-old Yazidi fighter, said as he left for the front lines. “We will have revenge.”

[Horrifying tales of sexual slavery for Yazidis who could not flee]

After the Kurdish forces began advancing, bulldozers broke through the earthen barrier that previously marked the front line to make way for dozens of armored vehicles, led by a U.S.-

supplied MRAP, designed to withstand roadside bombs.

While the closest villages appeared abandoned, the attackers soon encountered resistance as they turned toward Sinjar.

In the distance, a vehicle sped toward the convoy from the direction of Syria.

“Suicide bomber! Suicide bomber!” Brig. Gen. Rawan Barzani, the special forces commander and son of the Kurdish region’s president, radioed to his men on the front line. The convoy fired two antitank missiles, but they missed. Another finally hit as the car neared the convoy, and a plume of gray smoke rose into the air.

[The Islamic State’s attacks on Yazidis constitute genocide, report says]

Sinjar lies on Highway 47, the route used by the Islamic State to transport fighters, weapons and commodities such as oil.

“Getting Sinjar is crucial because then [the Islamic State] has to decide between Raqqa and ­Mosul,” the group’s stronghold in northern Iraq, Barzani said. “It won’t be able to hold both.”

Kurdish commanders said they expected the offensive to last about a week. Despite quick progress made Thursday, few believed the fighting in the city will be easy.

Pentagon press secretary Peter Cook said that advisers from the United States and other countries were taking part in the Sinjar operation but declined to provide the number of foreign forces involved.

“Most of those folks . . . are behind the front lines, advising and working directly with peshmerga commanders,” Cook said. “There are some advisers who are on Sinjar Mountain, assisting in the selection of airstrike targets.”

British officials said they are also supporting the operation. “The Royal Air Force has been playing a full part in coalition reconnaissance and strike missions to provide effective air support to them and other Iraqi ground forces,” a Defense Ministry spokesman said.

U.S. officials estimate that about 400 to 550 Islamic State militants are in the city.

Lt. Col. Dilgash Zebari, a peshmerga commander, said militants have dug tunnels and hideaways in the city. “We’ve had suicide bombers; we are expecting more when we go inside,” he said.

If the offensive bogs down, ­rivalries between various factions fighting the Islamic State will be to blame, Zebari said.

The long-planned operation had stalled for weeks because of bad weather and political wrangling between factions of Kurdish soldiers. Fighters affiliated with the Turkish-based Kurdistan Workers’ Party, or PKK, have held positions in the city, but Kurdish peshmerga forces launching the offensive said they are not directly coordinating with them.

“If the liberation takes too long, it will be because of having troops from different parties, each of them flying their own flag,” said Zebari.

The Kurdish-led efforts also have significance in the wider ­efforts to cripple the Islamic State. In Syria, Kurdish militiamen emerged as a linchpin in Pentagon plans after the failure of Washington’s strategy to arm and train other Syrian rebel units to fight the Islamic State.

Syrian Kurds have waged a ­series of strikes against the Islamic State and last year withstood the group’s siege of Kobane, a town near the Turkish border.

But the rising profile of Kurdish fighters poses potential complications for the U.S.-led alliance. Turkey, a NATO member that has battled PKK separatists for decades, has deep concerns over growing Kurdish political and military influence, fearing it could encourage greater calls for autonomy.

The U.S. military said Thursday that it dispatched an additional six F-15E fighter jets to the Incirlik air base in southern Turkey to join the air campaign against the Islamic State.

Bryan Murphy, Missy Ryan and Karen DeYoung in Washington contributed to this report.

Sinjar was escape route or trap for thousands

Today's coverage from Post correspondents around the world",1
1020,"As Always, U.S. Adores a Good Sex Scandal","Amid the hand-wringing over the gutter-level sexual exchanges between Trump and Cruz, it doesn’t hurt to remember that it has been ever thus in American politics.

The innuendos flying back and forth between Ted Cruz and Donald Trump about the mutual sexual peccadillos of the candidates and their wives has elicited an abundance of hand-wringing over how such mud-slinging has dragged presidential politics into the gutter. Actually, it has returned it to the steamy, if seamy, flow of American history that harkens back to the Founding Fathers. The only surprise is that pundits affect to be surprised by this turn of events. In fact, sexual indiscretion and its consequences are an indelible part of our nation’s political tradition

The issue is not whether our forbears who attained, or aspired to, the White House were plaster saints but, rather, how the times in which they lived responded to their behavior. The ink had hardly dried on the Constitution in 1791 when our first secretary of the Treasury, Alexander Hamilton, entered into a liaison with Maria Reynolds, whose scoundrel of a husband, James, blackmailed Hamilton in return for his silence, further implicating Hamilton in corruption charges. It wasn’t until six years later that Hamilton’s political enemies exposed the affair. Hamilton responded by coming clean, admitting that he’d slept with the lady but denying the corruption charges. His response won him points for candor but the mud never quite came unstuck.

Ted Cruz might not want to follow the path pursued by Andrew Jackson, who killed Charles Dickinson in a duel in 1806 for impugning the reputation of Jackson’s wife, Rachel. The duel did nothing to mar Jackson’s reputation, as evidenced by his being elected president two decades later. The more notorious sexual scandal of Jackson’s political career occurred during his presidency when he insisted on defending the virtue of Peggy Eaton, the wife of his War Secretary, John Eaton. Peggy, a local tavern keeper’s daughter disparaged in Washington society for her allegedly easygoing ways, was shunned by the wives of Jackson’s cabinet. What started out as a contretemps of social snubs soon grew into a full-blown political schism. Eaton eventually resigned, but Jackson revenged himself on his recalcitrant cabinet members by dismissing several of them. Jackson won the battle but at a cost that contributed to a growing schism in the Democratic Party.

A different set of circumstances entirely arose from two men who entered the White House as bachelors: James Buchanan (1857-1861) and Grover Cleveland, who served two terms in the Gilded Age. There, their similarities end. Buchanan was rumored to have had a homosexual friendship with William Rufus King, himself a former vice president, whom Jackson disparagingly referred to as “Miss Nancy.” The real scandal of Buchanan’s tenure was his virtual abdication of executive responsibility as the nation unraveled in the months leading up to the Civil War.

Grover Cleveland was another story. Running as a reforming Democrat in 1884, he was vilified by his Republican enemies as the father of an out-of-wedlock son whom he’d sired during an earlier sojourn in Buffalo. The GOP, which had run the bribe-receptive Sen. James G. Blaine against Cleveland, sought to detract from their own candidate’s turpitude by sullying Cleveland’s reputation. Cleveland was mocked with the chants of “Ma, ma, where’s my Pa?” accompanied by cartoons lampooning the errant father who’d abandoned his illegitimate son. Cleveland turned the tables on his tormenters by acknowledging responsibility for the boy and providing for his welfare, although he never fully owned up to admitting paternity. The exposure may have dented his campaign but didn’t derail it as he went on to win the White House.

Then there was Warren Harding, the first president to be elected with the women’s vote, who displayed his fondness for the ladies by maintaining a long-term affair with his best friend’s wife, Carrie Phillips, when he was elected in 1920, and, for good measure, embarking on a second liaison in the White House with the youngish Nan Britton. Their trysts led to the birth of an illegitimate daughter, Elizabeth. Monthly payments to the parties involved assured their discretion. Harding’s tenure was ushered in by Prohibition and the ensuing Jazz Age. But his teetotaling supporters came to have greater concerns than rumors of randy hijinks in the Executive Office when the Teapot Dome scandal blew the roof off the GOP White House.

The age of Democratic ascendancy, which roughly stretched from the New Deal through the Great Society, provided an Era of Good Feeling where the human lapses of our Chief Executives were overlooked by a forgiving press. It was only after their tenures that a more prurient, or judgmental, posterity examined their private affairs more closely. Thus, the discreet indiscretions of Franklin Roosevelt with Lucy Mercer and Missy LeHand (or, for that matter, Eleanor with Lorena Hickock), Jack Kennedy’s serial philandering, or LBJ’s randy ways, were all suppressed  by a media that was more concerned with presidential policies than peccadillos.

With the sexual abandon of the Cultural Revolution came a new approach to residents of the Oval Office or aspirants for the job. Those who sought or won the post, for the most part, had the same human frailties as their predecessors. The difference was in the Anything Goes approach of the media, whetted by the success of exposing the Watergate scandal and abetted by a technological revolution that made what was once the province of intimacy the source of prurient interest under the rubric of “the public’s right to know.” Watergate, whatever its virtues, made the president fair game and encouraged an “investigative” journalism that devolved from monitoring public malfeasance to invading what had once been considered private affairs.

So by the 1988 campaign, when Democratic Sen. Gary Hart’s presidential hopes and political career became caught in the maw of tabloid journalism and left to the mercies of reporters on the scent of sexual scandal, the quest for the presidency had become an adjunct of the entertainment industry. The Oscars for this spectacle went to the Clinton impeachment proceedings.

Donald Trump took it to the next logical step from turning a candidate into a celebrity to simply making a celebrity a candidate. Americans love a circus and the circus has now come to town, or rather the electronic Town Hall of social media, digital dazzle, squawk radio, and cable wrestling that passes for discourse in our political arena. The unrestrained passions of partisan politics and party faction that Washington futilely warned against were there from the beginning. They have simply been amplified by technology. The list cited above is a short one.",1
4030,Migrants Refuse To Leave Train At Refugee Camp In Hungary,"Migrants Refuse To Leave Train At Refugee Camp In Hungary

Thousands of migrants flooded into a train station in the Hungarian capital Thursday after police lifted a two-day blockade, but some who boarded a train they thought was going to Germany ended up instead at a refugee camp just miles from Budapest.

The Associated Press reports that ""excited migrants piled into a newly arrived train at the Keleti station in Hungary's capital despite announcements in Hungarian and English that all services from the station to Western Europe had been canceled. A statement on the main departures board said no more trains to Austria or Germany would depart 'due to safety reasons until further notice!'

""Many migrants, who couldn't understand either language and were receiving no advice from Hungarian officials, scrambled aboard in a standing-room-only crush and hoped for the best,"" the AP said.

Scuffles broke out when police ordered the passengers off the train at Bicske, according to the BBC.

Meanwhile, Hungary's prime minister says his country is doing all it can to manage a growing migrant crisis, even as European officials said they will meet this month in Brussels to discuss an effort to ""strengthen the European response"" to the situation.

Viktor Orban said the influx of refugees into his country is really ""a German problem"" because that is the intended destination for most of them. Hungarians, along with other Europeans, are ""full of fear"" he says, because ""they see that the European leaders, among them the prime ministers, are not able to control the situation.""

""If we would create an image ... just come because we are ready to accept everybody, that would be a moral failure, because that is not the case,"" Orban said after a meeting with European Parliament President Martin Schulz, according to The Washington Post. ""The moral human thing is to make clear, please don't come. Why do you have to go from Turkey to Europe? Turkey is a safe country. Stay there. It's risky to come.""

Meanwhile, Voice of America reports that British, French and German officials have called for urgent action and plan to hold talks on Sept. 14 in Brussels to address the crisis.

VOA reports: ""The three ministers also called for better processing of migrants in Italy and Greece.""

As we've reported, the United Nations believes that more than 300,000 migrants have set out for Europe from North Africa and the Middle East on the Mediterranean Sea so far this year, a 40 percent increase on all of last year.

As NPR's Middle East editor Larry Kaplow writes: ""On any given day now, hundreds of people, perhaps thousands, are drifting in ships or clinging to boats that are little more than inflatable rafts. They go in other ways, too. Jumping fences in Morocco to get to Spanish territory. Cramming into trucks from Turkey. Riding trains across Europe.""",1
1760,Biden previews battle against Clinton,The president refuses to say he’d hold to the tradition of avoiding public comment or political attacks on the successor.,1
3777,"Mike Brown Family Suing Ferguson, Wilson","Michael Brown’s parents plan to bring a civil lawsuit for the wrongful death of their son against Darren Wilson and the city of Ferguson, Missouri. The announcment came a day after the Justice Department released its report on the abuses of the city’s police department and said Wilson wouldn’t be charged for violating Brown’s civil rights. Brown family lawyers note that the burden of proof is lower in a civil case than the criminal cases that were considered by both the federal government and a St. Louis County grand jury.",1
1742,Sanders’ challenge: Winning over Obama supporters,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
244,GOP lands no solid punches while sparring with Clinton over Benghazi,"After 11 hours, a House committee’s questioning of Hillary Rodham Clinton provided few new details about the 2012 attacks on American installations in Benghazi, Libya – and no clear victory for Republicans seeking to trap Clinton in an admission of bad judgment.

The marathon hearing of the House Select Committee on Benghazi concluded at 9 p.m. with a whimper. As the hours passed, Republican lines of questioning became increasingly opaque and partisan conflict riled members on both sides of the aisle.

Clinton, maintaining calm throughout the hearing, received ample opportunity to defend her record and describe her commitment to the safety of U.S. personnel while serving as secretary of state. Only a handful of times did Republicans succeed in putting her on the spot, more often engaging Clinton on topics that seemed tangential to understanding the 2012 attacks that killed four Americans.

Chairman Trey Gowdy (R-S.C.), an ardent defender of the impartiality of his investigation, insisted the time was being put to good use.

“Learning about the four people who died ... is worth whatever amount of political badgering that may come my way. I’ve seen the personification of courage and public service. I’m a better person for it,” he said late in the evening.

Clinton only obliquely mentioned the conflict surrounding Gowdy’s panel, which two Republican lawmakers have suggested is politically motivated. “I recognize that there are many currents at work in this committee, but I can only hope that the statesmanship overcomes the partisanship,” she said.

Republicans on the committee through the day had repeatedly asked Clinton about the special access she gave longtime friend Sidney Blumenthal, who sent reports about Libya to the private e-mail address that Clinton used for government business while she was secretary of state. They have contrasted that with the treatment of U.S. Ambassador to Libya J. Christopher Stevens, whose requests for greater security measures went through official channels and never bubbled up to Clinton’s desk.

“Help us understand how Sidney Blumenthal had that kind of access to you, Madam Secretary, but the ambassador did not,” said Gowdy.

The sharpest questions of the day came from Republicans Jim Jordan (Ohio) and Mike Pompeo (Kan.). Jordan accused Clinton of misleading the public about the 2012 attacks in order to help President Obama’s reelection prospects.

“You picked the [account] with no evidence. You did it because Libya was supposed to be . . . this great success for the White House,” said Jordan, who charged that Clinton had blamed the attacks on reaction to an anti-Muslim video, while knowing that was false. “And now you have a terrorist attack. It’s a terrorist attack in Libya. And it’s just 56 days before an election.”

Jordan was the first Republican in this hearing to spell out the alternate history of the Benghazi episode that many on the right believe is the correct one. He spoke rapidly, interrupting Clinton at times, and personally accusing her of falsehoods.

“Where did the false narrative start? It started with you, madam secretary,” Jordan said. After his questioning period ended, Gowdy gave Clinton a chance to respond.

“I wrote a whole chapter about this in my book, ‘Hard Choices.’ I’d be glad to send it to you,” Clinton said. “I think that the insinuations that you are making do a grave disservice” to those in government.

Clinton said she had not intended to mislead, but instead had sought to make sense of confusing intelligence reports from Libya and other places where protesters had overrun American diplomatic installations. After that — prompted by a friendly Democratic congressman — Clinton told the committee that she had felt the loss of four Americans in Benghazi deeply.

“It’s a very personally painful accusation” that she had misled the public, Clinton said. “Having it continued to be bandied around is deeply distressing to me. I would imagine that I’ve thought more about what happened than all of you put together. I’ve lost more sleep than all of you put together. I’ve been wracking my brain about what could have been done, or should have been done.”

In the next round, Jordan returned to the line of questioning. It became a parsing of a statement Clinton had issued about the attack afterward, with Clinton and Jordan arguing about whether Clinton had blamed an anti-Islam video as the cause of the Benghazi attacks. Jordan became animated as he asked the questions, repeating and re-stating his case in fast bursts.

Clinton, on camera, smiled a small smile that indicated amused tolerance. Her answer was slow and utterly forgettable, which was the victory she wanted.

[Clinton testifies — then and now]

Pompeo pressed Clinton about why no one at the State Department had been fired in the aftermath of attacks.

“Why don’t you fire someone?” Pompeo said. “How come no one has been held accountable to date?”

Clinton responded that she had relied on inquiries into the attacks, which found that State Department officials had made mistakes but no misconduct rose to the level of a firing offense. “In the absence of finding dereliction or breach of duty, there could not be immediate action taken,” Clinton said.

“The folks in Kansas don’t think that was accountability,” Pompeo said.

Pompeo also asked Clinton a question related to her unusual e-mail arrangement, in which she used a private e-mail account — and a private e-mail server housed at her home in New York — to conduct State Department business. That meant that people with her e-mail address, including longtime friend Blumenthal, could reach her directly. Why, Pompeo asked, had she not been made aware of requests for greater security at U.S. outposts in Libya — passed through official State Department channels — but Blumenthal’s ideas about Libya got to her inbox?

“He’s a friend of mine. He sent me information that he thought might be of interest,” Clinton said of Blumenthal. “He had no official position in the government, and he was not at all my adviser on Libya.”

Republicans asked relatively few questions about the issue that has dogged Clinton’s presidential campaign — her use of a private e-mail account to conduct public business as secretary of state.

They did not delve into Clinton’s e-mail practices until more than 9½ hours of the hearing had passed. At that point, Rep. Jim Jordan (R-Ohio) aggressively said that Clinton has shifted her story on the topic and questioned whether she has now turned over all her work-related e-mails.

Clinton merely repeated what she has said on the topic many times before — she said using a private account was a mistake but the State Department now has all of her work correspondence.

[What Clinton’s e-mails tell us about her management style]

Pompeo’s questions put Clinton on the defensive for the first time on Thursday, after other Republicans misfired with questions that strayed — in time or in subject matter — from the attacks that were supposed to be the hearing’s focus. It was damaging enough that the next Democratic questioner, Rep. Linda Sanchez (Calif.), played a video clip designed to attack Pompeo himself, in which TV journalist Andrea Mitchell told Pompeo that he was wrong to say Blumenthal was a major adviser for Clinton on Libya.

But by 5:15 p.m., the hearing seemed to have lost steam.

Rep. Martha Roby (R-Ala.) was no longer pressing Clinton about whether she’d fulfilled her duties as secretary of state – instead, she asked whether she had owed Stevens a personal phone call, because he was her friend.

“Why did it not occur to you to pick up the phone and call your friend?” Roby asked. “I just want to hear from you why, with all this information…did it not occur to you to pick up the phone and call your friend, Ambassador Stevens, and ask him what he needed?”

Clinton replied again that Stevens had been given the chance to make those requests through official channels.

After an evening break, around 6:30 p.m., Rep. Peter Roskam (R-Ill.) sought to bring new vigor to the questioning. In a choreographed gesture, he tore a sheet of paper meant to symbolize Stevens’s requests for additional security in Benghazi. “You created an environment, Madam Secretary, where [requests] didn’t get through. They didn’t get through to you, they didn’t get through to your inner circle ... [the State Department] breached [its] fundamental duty to secure his safety,” he said.

“I think it’s a disservice for you to make that statement,” Clinton replied.

Democrats, as expected, have used their time to toss Clinton softballs — or to attack the existence of the committee itself. “The questions are increasingly badgering, I would even say increasingly vicious,” Rep. Adam Smith (D-Wash.) told Clinton late in the evening. “It seems to me that really, the majority simply wish to wear you down. It is clear that they are trying to attack you personally.”

As the second round of questions came toward a close, Rep. Elijah Cummings, the committee’s ranking Democrat, asked Clinton about an allegation that has circulated among conservatives for years: that she or somebody else in the Obama administration had told U.S. military personnel to “stand down,” and not rush to the rescue of those in Benghazi.

“Of course not,” Clinton told the Maryland congressman. “Everybody in the military scrambled to see what they could do . . . logistics and distance made it unlikely that they could be anywhere near Benghazi in any kind of reasonable time.”

Republicans – including Gowdy – seemed to hurt their own cause at times. Several spent their 10-minute periods on oddball lines of questioning: One pressed Clinton repeatedly about an e-mail exchange between two State Department staffers that Clinton said she did not know. Others loudly remarked that Clinton was reading notes passed from aides, a common practice at Washington hearings. Another spent several minutes trying to prod Clinton into saying she’d done something even more common than hearings: A politician taking credit for something.

And, repeatedly, the Republicans were baited by Democrats into a time-wasting fight over whether this committee was a partisan tool, and if any of them should be there at all. Just before lunch break, Gowdy and several Democrats got into a loud argument about whether to release Blumenthal’s interview transcripts, while cameras showed Clinton shuffling papers.

“I don’t know what this line of questioning does to help us get to the bottom of deaths of four Americans,” Clinton said to Gowdy, before the intra-legislator bickering began.

For Clinton, her performance at the hearing was the continuation of a remarkable turnabout. As of several weeks ago, a revelation from this very committee – the existence of that private e-mail account – had put her on the defensive, and threatened to undermine her presidential campaign.

But since then, she’s gotten help from another Democratic candidate: Sen. Bernie Sanders (Vt.), who said in the Democratic debate that he, like many Americans, was tired of hearing about the e-mails. A Republican, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (Calif.) seemed to validate Clinton’s longtime contention that the committee was a partisan tool, not a real investigation.

[The Fix: Why. Was. Hillary. Clinton. Speaking. So. Slowly?]

In her opening statement, Clinton sought to portray herself as above political questions and to portray the panel as second-guessing the necessary risks taken by U.S. diplomats abroad.

She began her testimony by naming the four dead. She said she’d known Stevens, recommended him for the job, and met his casket when it returned to American soil after the 2012 attacks.

“Nobody knew the dangers of Libya better [than Stevens]. A weak government. Extremist groups. Rampant instability,” Clinton said. “But Chris chose to go to Benghazi because he knew that America had to be represented there at this critical time.”

In her statement, Clinton sought to get in front of the day’s questions, which are likely to focus on the security precautions at the two American facilities where the four died. It was a “pre-buttal,” to use the political term, in which Clinton portrayed that kind of question as contrary to the spirit of diplomatic work.

“Retreat from the world is not an option,” Clinton said. “America cannot shrink from our responsibility to lead.”

Clinton ended her opening statement with an admonition to the committee itself, to ask questions that were not intended to undermine her politically.

“I’m here. Despite all the previous investigations, and all the talk about partisan agendas, I’m here to honor those we lost,” Clinton said. “My challenge to you, members of this committee, is the same challenge I put to myself. Let’s be worthy of the trust the American people have bestowed upon us.”

[Clinton needs to avoid a “what difference does it make” moment ]

The committee’s chairman opened the hearing with a long defense of its right to exist. Gowdy began by talking about his own work — defending his committee from allegations that it is a partisan effort disguise as a fact-finding panel. That suggestion was made by a top member of the House GOP, Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (Calif.), a few weeks earlier. McCarthy, pressed to say what results the Republican majority had produced, noted that Clinton’s presidential poll numbers had declined after the House investigation began its work.

“There are people — frankly in both parties — that have suggested that this investigation is about you. It is not,” said Gowdy, a former prosecutor elected to Congress in 2010. “It is about what happened before, during and after the attacks that killed them. It is about what this country owes to those who risk their lives to serve it. And it is about the fundamental responsibility of government to tell the truth.”

Gowdy, in his opening statement, listed what he said were flaws in past investigations, saying they were either incomplete or too close to the Obama administration. He said that his committee was the first to discover valuable facts, including that Clinton had used a private e-mail server to conduct government business at the time of the attacks.

He said that Clinton had not been interviewed on the Hill until now because of Clinton’s own e-mail arrangement, which meant she took valuable e-mails with her when she left office.

“You kept the public record to yourself for almost two years,” Gowdy said. “And it was you and your attorneys who decided what to turn in and what to delete.”

Rep. Elijah Cummings, the top Democrat on the committee, followed Gowdy with his own opening statement — an attack on his own panel’s credibility. Cummings charged that the committee had passed up chances to interview other government officials, in order to focus on Clinton herself.

“They set up this select committee with no rules, no deadline, and an unlimited budget. And they set them loose, madam secretary, because you’re running for president,” the Maryland congressman said. “Republicans are squandering millions of taxpayer dollars on this abusive effort to derail Secretary Clinton’s presidential campaign.”

Cummings noted comments from McCarthy and others that he said indicated the partisan nature of the committee’s work, under Gowdy’s leadership. He called the committee “this taxpayer-funded fishing expedition.”",1
2806,"A nuclear deal has been reached, but Iran must free Jason Rezaian","JUST AS negotiators were completing an agreement on Iran’s nuclear program on Monday, Post reporter Jason Rezaian was summoned to a Tehran court for another session of his secret, irregular and blatantly political trial. We find it hard to believe this was a coincidence.

Mr. Rezaian, a 39-year-old California native who was arrested just under a year ago, has been cruelly forced into an auxiliary role in the long negotiations between Tehran and a U.S.-led coalition — a pawn used by hard-liners to undermine goodwill, or perhaps to demonstrate that any accord Iran strikes with the West will not alter its repressive domestic regime or its anti-Western policies. The ordeal has inflicted untold physical and psychological suffering on a journalist who moved to Iran with the ambition of improving Americans’ understanding of its people and culture.

Enough. Now that the nuclear deal is completed, it is past time for Iranian authorities to release Mr. Rezaian, along with two and possibly three other Americans imprisoned in the country, including pastor Saeed Abedini and retired U.S. Marine Amir Hekmati. President Obama and Secretary of State John F. Kerry have spoken hopefully of charting a new course in relations between the countries. If that is to happen, the release of the prisoners must be the first step.

Mohammad Javad Zarif, the Iranian foreign minister who also has hinted at a new era of cooperation, ought to understand this imperative. He has called Mr. Rezaian a “friend” and “a good reporter”; he is clearly aware that there is no basis for the espionage charges brought against him. During the negotiations, Mr. Zarif dodged questions about the Post reporter and at one point even suggested, absurdly, that he might have been duped into wrongdoing. Now he and President Hassan Rouhani should be obliged to put a stop to a travesty that is showing them to be powerless to control the domestic hard-liners who seek to sabotage the nuclear agreement.

An opportunity for clemency is imminent. According to Mr. Rezaian’s mother, Mary Breme Rezaian, her son should soon be eligible for release on bail. A law sets a detention limit of one year for Iranian detainees whose trials have not been completed. Mr. Rezaian is regarded by Iran as a citizen, so the provision should apply to him. He was taken from his home on July 22 along with his Iranian wife, Yeganeh Salehi, who is also on trial but has been released on bail.

Though U.S. officials have raised Mr. Rezaian’s case and Mr. Obama publicly called for his release, his case and those of the other Americans were not part of the nuclear negotiation. While that may have been appropriate, Mr. Rezaian’s release should be a condition for any further improvement in relations. If the Rouhani government wishes to show that it can cooperate with the West on matters beyond its nuclear program, let it start by freeing Jason Rezaian.",1
1734,"South Carolina, Nevada polls find Clinton far ahead","(CNN) With Hillary Clinton behind in New Hampshire and holding on to a narrowing margin over Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders in Iowa, new CNN/ORC polls in Nevada and South Carolina suggest Clinton holds strong support in the two states that could prove to be a firewall for her.

Clinton has the support of 50% of those who say they are likely to attend the Democratic caucus scheduled for February 20 in Nevada -- which plays host to the first debate among the declared Democratic candidates on Tuesday and is the first state to elect delegates after Iowa and New Hampshire.

Sanders follows at 34%, then Vice President Joe Biden at 12%, with the rest of the field garnering less than 1% support.

After conceding the presidency to Trump in a phone call earlier, Clinton addresses supporters and campaign workers in New York on Wednesday, November 9. Her defeat marked a stunning end to a campaign that appeared poised to make her the first woman elected US president.

Clinton addresses a campaign rally in Cleveland on November 6, two days before Election Day. She went on to lose Ohio -- and the election -- to her Republican opponent, Donald Trump.

Clinton addresses a campaign rally in Cleveland on November 6, two days before Election Day. She went on to lose Ohio -- and the election -- to her Republican opponent, Donald Trump.

Clinton arrives at a 9/11 commemoration ceremony in New York on September 11. Clinton, who was diagnosed with pneumonia two days before, left early after feeling ill. A video appeared to show her stumble as Secret Service agents helped her into a van.

Obama hugs Clinton after he gave a speech at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia. The president said Clinton was ready to be commander in chief. ""For four years, I had a front-row seat to her intelligence, her judgment and her discipline,"" he said, referring to her stint as his secretary of state.

Obama hugs Clinton after he gave a speech at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia. The president said Clinton was ready to be commander in chief. ""For four years, I had a front-row seat to her intelligence, her judgment and her discipline,"" he said, referring to her stint as his secretary of state.

After Clinton became the Democratic Party's presumptive nominee, this photo was posted to her official Twitter account. ""To every little girl who dreams big: Yes, you can be anything you want -- even president,"" Clinton said. ""Tonight is for you.""

After Clinton became the Democratic Party's presumptive nominee, this photo was posted to her official Twitter account. ""To every little girl who dreams big: Yes, you can be anything you want -- even president,"" Clinton said. ""Tonight is for you.""

Clinton walks on her stage with her family after winning the New York primary in April.

Clinton walks on her stage with her family after winning the New York primary in April.

Clinton is reflected in a teleprompter during a campaign rally in Alexandria, Virginia, in October 2015.

Clinton is reflected in a teleprompter during a campaign rally in Alexandria, Virginia, in October 2015.

U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders shares a lighthearted moment with Clinton during a Democratic presidential debate in October 2015. It came after Sanders gave his take on the Clinton email scandal. ""The American people are sick and tired of hearing about the damn emails,"" Sanders said. ""Enough of the emails. Let's talk about the real issues facing the United States of America.""

U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders shares a lighthearted moment with Clinton during a Democratic presidential debate in October 2015. It came after Sanders gave his take on the Clinton email scandal. ""The American people are sick and tired of hearing about the damn emails,"" Sanders said. ""Enough of the emails. Let's talk about the real issues facing the United States of America.""

Clinton testifies about the Benghazi attack during a House committee meeting in October 2015. ""I would imagine I have thought more about what happened than all of you put together,"" she said during the 11-hour hearing. ""I have lost more sleep than all of you put together. I have been wracking my brain about what more could have been done or should have been done."" Months earlier, Clinton had acknowledged a ""systemic breakdown"" as cited by an Accountability Review Board, and she said that her department was taking additional steps to increase security at U.S. diplomatic facilities.

Clinton testifies about the Benghazi attack during a House committee meeting in October 2015. ""I would imagine I have thought more about what happened than all of you put together,"" she said during the 11-hour hearing. ""I have lost more sleep than all of you put together. I have been wracking my brain about what more could have been done or should have been done."" Months earlier, Clinton had acknowledged a ""systemic breakdown"" as cited by an Accountability Review Board, and she said that her department was taking additional steps to increase security at U.S. diplomatic facilities.

Clinton, now running for President again, performs with Jimmy Fallon during a ""Tonight Show"" skit in September 2015.

Clinton, now running for President again, performs with Jimmy Fallon during a ""Tonight Show"" skit in September 2015.

Clinton ducks after a woman threw a shoe at her while she was delivering remarks at a recycling trade conference in Las Vegas in 2014.

Clinton ducks after a woman threw a shoe at her while she was delivering remarks at a recycling trade conference in Las Vegas in 2014.

Obama and Clinton bow during the transfer-of-remains ceremony marking the return of four Americans, including U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens, who were killed in Benghazi, Libya, in September 2012.

Obama and Clinton bow during the transfer-of-remains ceremony marking the return of four Americans, including U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens, who were killed in Benghazi, Libya, in September 2012.

Clinton arrives for a group photo before a forum with the Gulf Cooperation Council in March 2012. The forum was held in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.

Clinton arrives for a group photo before a forum with the Gulf Cooperation Council in March 2012. The forum was held in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.

Clinton checks her Blackberry inside a military plane after leaving Malta in October 2011. In 2015, The New York Times reported that Clinton exclusively used a personal email account during her time as secretary of state. The account, fed through its own server, raises security and preservation concerns. Clinton later said she used a private domain out of ""convenience,"" but admits in retrospect ""it would have been better"" to use multiple emails.

Clinton checks her Blackberry inside a military plane after leaving Malta in October 2011. In 2015, The New York Times reported that Clinton exclusively used a personal email account during her time as secretary of state. The account, fed through its own server, raises security and preservation concerns. Clinton later said she used a private domain out of ""convenience,"" but admits in retrospect ""it would have been better"" to use multiple emails.

In this photo provided by the White House, Obama, Clinton, Biden and other members of the national security team receive an update on the mission against Osama bin Laden in May 2011.

In this photo provided by the White House, Obama, Clinton, Biden and other members of the national security team receive an update on the mission against Osama bin Laden in May 2011.

The Clintons pose on the day of Chelsea's wedding to Marc Mezvinsky in July 2010.

The Clintons pose on the day of Chelsea's wedding to Marc Mezvinsky in July 2010.

Clinton, as secretary of state, greets Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin during a meeting just outside Moscow in March 2010.

Clinton, as secretary of state, greets Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin during a meeting just outside Moscow in March 2010.

Obama is flanked by Clinton and Vice President-elect Joe Biden at a news conference in Chicago in December 2008. He had designated Clinton to be his secretary of state.

Obama is flanked by Clinton and Vice President-elect Joe Biden at a news conference in Chicago in December 2008. He had designated Clinton to be his secretary of state.

Obama and Clinton talk on the plane on their way to a rally in Unity, New Hampshire, in June 2008. She had recently ended her presidential campaign and endorsed Obama.

Obama and Clinton talk on the plane on their way to a rally in Unity, New Hampshire, in June 2008. She had recently ended her presidential campaign and endorsed Obama.

Clinton and another presidential hopeful, U.S. Sen. Barack Obama, applaud at the start of a Democratic debate in 2007.

Clinton and another presidential hopeful, U.S. Sen. Barack Obama, applaud at the start of a Democratic debate in 2007.

Sen. Clinton comforts Maren Sarkarat, a woman who lost her husband in the September 11 terrorist attacks, during a ground-zero memorial in October 2001.

Sen. Clinton comforts Maren Sarkarat, a woman who lost her husband in the September 11 terrorist attacks, during a ground-zero memorial in October 2001.

Clinton announces in February 2000 that she will seek the U.S. Senate seat in New York. She was elected later that year.

Clinton announces in February 2000 that she will seek the U.S. Senate seat in New York. She was elected later that year.

President Clinton makes a statement at the White House in December 1998, thanking members of Congress who voted against his impeachment. The Senate trial ended with an acquittal in February 1999.

President Clinton makes a statement at the White House in December 1998, thanking members of Congress who voted against his impeachment. The Senate trial ended with an acquittal in February 1999.

The first family walks with their dog, Buddy, as they leave the White House for a vacation in August 1998.

The first family walks with their dog, Buddy, as they leave the White House for a vacation in August 1998.

Clinton looks on as her husband discusses the Monica Lewinsky scandal in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on January 26, 1998. Clinton declared, ""I did not have sexual relations with that woman."" In August of that year, Clinton testified before a grand jury and admitted to having ""inappropriate intimate contact"" with Lewinsky, but he said it did not constitute sexual relations because they had not had intercourse. He was impeached in December on charges of perjury and obstruction of justice.

Clinton looks on as her husband discusses the Monica Lewinsky scandal in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on January 26, 1998. Clinton declared, ""I did not have sexual relations with that woman."" In August of that year, Clinton testified before a grand jury and admitted to having ""inappropriate intimate contact"" with Lewinsky, but he said it did not constitute sexual relations because they had not had intercourse. He was impeached in December on charges of perjury and obstruction of justice.

The Clintons dance on a beach in the U.S. Virgin Islands in January 1998. Later that month, Bill Clinton was accused of having a sexual relationship with former White House intern Monica Lewinsky.

The Clintons dance on a beach in the U.S. Virgin Islands in January 1998. Later that month, Bill Clinton was accused of having a sexual relationship with former White House intern Monica Lewinsky.

The first lady holds up a Grammy Award, which she won for her audiobook ""It Takes a Village"" in 1997.

The first lady holds up a Grammy Award, which she won for her audiobook ""It Takes a Village"" in 1997.

The Clintons hug as Bill is sworn in for a second term as President.

The Clintons hug as Bill is sworn in for a second term as President.

Clinton waves to the media in January 1996 as she arrives for an appearance before a grand jury in Washington. The first lady was subpoenaed to testify as a witness in the investigation of the Whitewater land deal in Arkansas. The Clintons' business investment was investigated, but ultimately they were cleared of any wrongdoing.

Clinton waves to the media in January 1996 as she arrives for an appearance before a grand jury in Washington. The first lady was subpoenaed to testify as a witness in the investigation of the Whitewater land deal in Arkansas. The Clintons' business investment was investigated, but ultimately they were cleared of any wrongdoing.

Clinton accompanies her husband as he takes the oath of office in January 1993.

Clinton accompanies her husband as he takes the oath of office in January 1993.

During the 1992 presidential campaign, Clinton jokes with her husband's running mate, Al Gore, and Gore's wife, Tipper, aboard a campaign bus.

During the 1992 presidential campaign, Clinton jokes with her husband's running mate, Al Gore, and Gore's wife, Tipper, aboard a campaign bus.

In June 1992, Clinton uses a sewing machine designed to eliminate back and wrist strain. She had just given a speech at a convention of the International Ladies' Garment Workers Union.

In June 1992, Clinton uses a sewing machine designed to eliminate back and wrist strain. She had just given a speech at a convention of the International Ladies' Garment Workers Union.

Bill Clinton comforts his wife on the set of ""60 Minutes"" after a stage light broke loose from the ceiling and knocked her down in January 1992.

Bill Clinton comforts his wife on the set of ""60 Minutes"" after a stage light broke loose from the ceiling and knocked her down in January 1992.

The Clintons celebrate Bill's inauguration in Little Rock, Arkansas, in 1991. He was governor from 1983 to 1992, when he was elected President.

The Clintons celebrate Bill's inauguration in Little Rock, Arkansas, in 1991. He was governor from 1983 to 1992, when he was elected President.

Arkansas' first lady, now using the name Hillary Rodham Clinton, wears her inaugural ball gown in 1985.

Arkansas' first lady, now using the name Hillary Rodham Clinton, wears her inaugural ball gown in 1985.

In 1975, Rodham married Bill Clinton, whom she met at Yale Law School. He became the governor of Arkansas in 1978. In 1980, the couple had a daughter, Chelsea.

In 1975, Rodham married Bill Clinton, whom she met at Yale Law School. He became the governor of Arkansas in 1978. In 1980, the couple had a daughter, Chelsea.

Rodham was a lawyer on the House Judiciary Committee, whose work led to impeachment charges against President Richard Nixon in 1974.

Rodham was a lawyer on the House Judiciary Committee, whose work led to impeachment charges against President Richard Nixon in 1974.

Before marrying Bill Clinton, she was Hillary Rodham. Here she attends Wellesley College in Massachusetts. Her commencement speech at Wellesley's graduation ceremony in 1969 attracted national attention. After graduating, she attended Yale Law School.

Before marrying Bill Clinton, she was Hillary Rodham. Here she attends Wellesley College in Massachusetts. Her commencement speech at Wellesley's graduation ceremony in 1969 attracted national attention. After graduating, she attended Yale Law School.

Hillary Clinton accepts the Democratic Party's nomination for president at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia on July 28. The former first lady, U.S. senator and secretary of state was the first woman to lead the presidential ticket of a major political party.

Hillary Clinton accepts the Democratic Party's nomination for president at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia on July 28. The former first lady, U.S. senator and secretary of state was the first woman to lead the presidential ticket of a major political party.

Among those who say they are likely to vote in South Carolina's primary, set for one week after Nevada's caucuses, Clinton holds a larger edge, 49% to Biden's 24%, with Sanders at 18% and former Maryland Governor Martin O'Malley at 3%.

Should Biden decide to sit out the race for the presidency, Clinton's lead grows in both states. In South Carolina, a Biden-free race currently stands at 70% Clinton to 20% Sanders with O'Malley holding at 3%, and in Nevada, Clinton gains 8 points to 58%, while Sanders picks up just 2 points and would stand at 36%.

In South Carolina, Clinton's advantages stem largely from Sanders' unpopularity with black voters, who made up a majority of Democratic primary voters in the state in 2008, the last time there was a competitive Democratic primary. Back then, black voters broke 78% for Barack Obama to 19% for Clinton.

In the new poll, 59% of black voters say they back Clinton, 27% say Biden and just 4% for Sanders. Among white voters, Sanders has the edge, 44% to 31% for Clinton and 22% for Biden. Without Biden in the race, it's a near-even split among whites, 48% Clinton to 47% Sanders, while blacks break 84% to Clinton and just 7% would back Sanders.

These two states, along with Iowa and New Hampshire, are the only ones permitted by both major parties to hold primaries or caucuses in February, and the outcome of the contests in these early states can make or break a presidential campaign.

Clinton's stronger support in Nevada and South Carolina could bolster her campaign heading in to the large batch of ""Super Tuesday"" contests set to be held on March 1.

In both Nevada and South Carolina, Clinton holds double-digit advantages as the candidate who would do the best job handling the economy, health care, race relations, foreign policy and climate change, and is broadly seen as the candidate with the best chance to win in 2016 (58% say so in South Carolina, 59% in Nevada).

The margins between Clinton and Sanders narrow when it comes to which candidate is most honest and trustworthy (in South Carolina, 35% say Clinton, 27% Biden, 21% Sanders, in Nevada, 33% Sanders, 32% Clinton and 22% Biden), and in Nevada, on who best represents Democratic values (44% say Clinton, 37% Sanders) and understands the problems facing people like you (42% Clinton, 39% Sanders).

The four other candidates tested in the polls -- former Rhode Island governor Lincoln Chafee, Harvard professor Larry Lessig, O'Malley and former Virginia senator Jim Webb -- lag well behind Clinton, Sanders and Biden on the issues and attributes tested. None of them top 3% on any of those questions.

The economy is the clear top issue in both states, with 45% in Nevada and 43% in South Carolina calling it the most important issue in determining their vote for presidency next year. Health care and social issues follow in both states, though South Carolina voters are more apt to say health care is key than Nevada caucus-goers (29% health care, 10% social issues in South Carolina, 16% for each issue in Nevada).

Clinton's biggest issue advantage comes on foreign policy (she's up 38 points over Biden in South Carolina and 30 points over him in Nevada), while the margins are narrower on the economy (47% Clinton, 24% Biden, 18% Sanders in South Carolina, 46% Clinton, 31% Sanders, 15% Biden in Nevada) and climate change (44% Clinton, 22% Sanders and 21% Biden in South Carolina, 41% Clinton, 30% Sanders and 16% Biden in Nevada).

While Sanders and Clinton have been sparring over the economy for quite some time, both foreign policy and energy policy have earned attention from the two campaigns recently. Sanders has highlighted his opposition to the Iraq war in 2002 as a foreign policy credential, while Clinton declared her opposition to the Keystone XL pipeline.

The CNN/ORC polls were conducted by telephone October 3-10. A total of 1,009 South Carolina adults were interviewed, including 301 who said they were likely to vote in the Democratic presidential primary. In Nevada, interviews were conducted with 1,011 adults, including 253 who said they were likely to participate in the Democratic presidential caucus. Results among likely Democratic voters in South Carolina have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 5.5 percentage points, for Nevada Democratic caucusgoers, it is 6 points.",1
4629,Will Hillary Clinton lose the election because of the FBI email investigation?,"A week ago, the US election looked to be over. Hillary Clinton was riding so high in the polls after a disastrous series of gaffes by Donald Trump that few could conceive of a Republican path to victory on 8 November. Friday’s shock intervention by the FBI may not be enough to change that outcome on its own, but it has certainly set political imaginations running wild.



The worry for Democrats is that fresh inquiries regarding Clinton’s use of a private email server while secretary of state come at a difficult time. Not only is it hard to prove a negative and re-establish her innocence with barely a week to go until the election, but the letter to congressional officials from director James Comey capped a tricky run of news that was already making a sizable dent in her polling lead.

Momentum for Trump began to recover first thanks to another set of emails, the contents of which perhaps explain why the Clintons risked so much to try to retain control of her electronic communications in the first place. Released by WikiLeaks, a factor that US intelligence agencies have blamed on Russian hackers, these emails to and from campaign chairman John Podesta have been trickling out for weeks, with mostly embarrassing rather than damaging content.

That changed on Wednesday with the release of a report that appeared to confirm just how much the Clinton family has blurred the boundaries between its business, charitable and political interests. Though almost all of the new information related to Bill rather than Hillary, it gave Trump supporters fresh ammunition at a moment when they were desperate to shift attention from their candidate’s own scandals over taxes and alleged inappropriate behaviour towards women.

In an election that many pollsters describe as an unpopularity contest, it does not take much to swing the mood of independent voters. By Friday, the combination of no news from Trump and bad news from Clinton had halved her average lead in the polls since the last presidential debate.

“When the attention was on Trump, Clinton was winning. Now, the attention is on Clinton,” said political consultant Frank Luntz, who has predicted the winner in 2016 will be the campaign that keeps the focus on its opponent.

Sunday’s average lead for Clinton in national polls of 3.4% ought still to be a healthy safety margin. Bill Clinton’s lead over George Bush shrank from 11 points to just three in the last two weeks of the 1992 election, yet he won by nearly double that margin.

But among Democrats, a cause for concern – if not yet panic – is that very few polls published so far were carried out after news broke about the FBI and the emails.

One reputable survey that got close, an ABC News-Washington Post tracking poll released on Sunday, showed just a one-point overall lead for Clinton. It asked some voters on Friday evening what they thought and found the news had mostly hardened existing opinions but could also play a role at the margins.

“About a third of likely voters say they are less likely to support Clinton given FBI director James Comey’s disclosure,” said pollster Gary Langer. “Given other considerations, 63% say it makes no difference.”

Only 7% of Clinton supporters felt it would make any difference, but this rises “much higher among groups already predisposed not to vote for her”, the poll found.

“The potential for a pullback in motivation of Clinton supporters, or further resurgence among Trump’s, may cause concern in the Clinton camp – especially because this dynamic already was under way,” Langer added. “Intention to vote has grown in Trump support groups in the past week as the intensity of criticisms about him has ebbed.”

The notion that the FBI may not change any minds but will bolster opinion, and thus perhaps turnout, was also supported in a poll of voters in 13 battleground states. This CBS poll showed just 5% of Democrats said the issue might make them less likely to support Clinton, compared with more than a quarter of registered Republicans.

This risk also helps explain the ferocity of Democratic calls for the FBI to urgently exonerate Clinton.

Many loyalists are convinced the latest trove of emails, discovered on equipment shared by Clinton aide Huma Abedin and her estranged husband Anthony Weiner, are an irrelevance.

Even if some show more classified information passed its way through the private server, it should not change the FBI’s earlier decision that a criminal charge would be unfair without evidence of intent or coverup.

But so long as this is not categorically established, there may be a nagging doubt in some minds that the FBI suspects otherwise. Not everyone will be prepared to give Clinton the benefit of the doubt. Some studies have shown just 11% of voters describe Clinton as “honest and trustworthy”, lower even than Trump’s score of 16%.

While it may not be enough to the tip the balance, running for president while facing potential criminal investigation is never a good look.",1
1190,Stossel: Why Marco Rubio and Hillary Clinton are 2016's likely nominees,"Donald Trump is way ahead in the polls for the Republican nomination.

Bernie Sanders will win the New Hampshire Primary on Tuesday, and he’s close to Hillary Clinton in national polls.

But neither Trump nor Sanders is likely to win!

In our new Fox News TV special, “Tech Revolution” at 8 and 11 pm ET Sunday night, we’ll explain why the better way to predict winners is to look at betting odds. They give Marco Rubio more than a 50 percent chance of winning the nomination, and Hillary Clinton an 80 percent chance.

Betting odds have a better track record than polls or pundits. They come from people who put their own money on the line, rather than people who just mouth off.

George Mason University economist Robin Hanson puts it this way:  Imagine you’re in a bar…

“You're pontificating -- and somebody challenges you and says, ‘want to bet?’ All of us, as soon as somebody says ‘want to bet?’ -- we pause. And go, ‘do I really believe that?’”

You are more careful when you bet.  If you aren’t, you lose money.  Think the odds above are wrong?  Put your money where your mouth is.

American politicians banned most political prediction markets, but they’ve allowed a few, like PredictIt.org.

PreditctIt’s odds are a little off because bettors may not trade more than $850 per candidate. The odds on bigger unrestricted markets, like England’s Betfair.com, are more informative.   Because Betfair posts those odds in confusing gambling formulas, the two of us simplify them for Americans here: ElectionBettingOdds.com.

These odds update every five minutes.

Prediction markets like Betfair are not run by sketchy bookies.  They are businesses that operate the way stock markets do – people buy and sell “shares” that pay out based on whether a candidate is successful. Today, for about 10 cents, you can buy a share of Trump. If he becomes president, you win a dollar.

These odds have a good track record. In November, Ben Carson surged to first place in polls, but bettors knew he would fade--Betfair had him at just 9 percent. Now his odds are below 1 percent.

Betting odds do sometimes fail: Until the evening of the Iowa caucus, bettors thought Donald Trump would win.

But they still beat polls and pundits. Part of the reason they’re good is the “wisdom of crowds.”

Some people betting may be fools making bad bets -- but enough of them have good information that the whole group of bets is likely to be accurate.  You see this on the TV show “Who Wants To Be A Millionaire.”

Contestants can ask the audience, or an expert.  Experts do pretty well.  They get the answer right 65 percent of the time, but the audience gets it right 91 percent of the time.

Bets on a prediction market called Intrade accurately predicted “American Idol” winners, Oscar winners, and the election results in almost every U.S. state. They even predicted when Saddam Hussein would be captured.

Sadly, our government said betting is “contrary to the public interest.” It sued Intrade and put them out of business.   We no longer have access to Intrade’s interesting and useful predictions.

Fortunately, a few sites still allow political betting, and the best odds are easily readable at ElectionBettingOdds.com.  And we’ll explain this better on TV Sunday night!

John Stossel’s special “Tech Revolution” airs Sunday night on Fox News Channel at 8 pm ET.

Maxim Lott is a Fox News supervising producer and is on Twitter at @MaximLott.

John Stossel is the author of ""No They Can't! Why Government Fails -- But Individuals Succeed"" and host of ""Stossel"" (Fridays at 9 PM/ET), a weekly program highlighting current consumer issues with a libertarian viewpoint. Stossel also appears regularly on Fox News Channel (FNC) providing signature analysis. Click here for more information on John Stossel.",1
5176,Donald Trump Campaign Manager Is Out,"NEW YORK  — Donald Trump fired his hard-charging campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, on Monday in a dramatic shake-up designed to calm panicked Republican leaders and reverse one of the most tumultuous stretches of Trump's unconventional White House bid.

Lewandowski, in some ways as brash and unconventional as the candidate himself, had been by Trump's side since the beginning of his unlikely rise to presumptiveGOP nominee. But he clashed with longtime operatives brought in to make the seat-of-the-pants campaign more professional.

The former conservative activist played a central role in daily operations, fundraising, and Trump's search for a running mate, but Lewandowski's aggressive approach also fueled near-constant campaign infighting that complicated Trump's shift toward the general election.

Reached by the AP on Monday, Lewandowski deflected criticism of his approach, pointing instead to campaign chairman Paul Manafort.

""Paul Manafort has been in operational control of the campaign since April 7. That's a fact,"" Lewandowski said, declining to elaborate on his dismissal. Asked by CNN why he was fired, he said: ""I don't know the answer to that.""

Lewandowski also says his relationships with Trump's top adviser, Paul Manafort, and the candidate's daughter, Ivanka are good.

Lewandowski was fired Monday after a tumultuous period for the campaign, marked by infighting and rumors. Spokeswoman Hope Hicks said in a statement earlier in the day that she wishes Lewandowski the best.

He is the chairman of the New Hampshire Republican Party's delegation to the GOP national convention.

Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks described Lewandowski's departure as a ""parting of ways."" A person close to Trump said Lewandowski was forced out largely because of his poor relationship with the Republican National Committee and GOP officials. That person spoke on the condition of anonymity because the person was not authorized to discuss internal deliberations.

The move came as Trump faced continued deep resistance from many quarters of his party concerned by his contentious statements and his reluctance to engage in traditional fundraising. Trump was upset that so many Republicans — House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell among them — were reluctant to support him, the person said, and at least partially blamed Lewandowski.

People close to Trump, including adult children Ivanka, Eric and Donald Jr., also had long-simmering concerns about Lewandowski, who had limited national experience before becoming Trump's campaign chief. Some of Trump's children were among those urging the billionaire businessman to change tactics for the general election.

""Firing your campaign manager in June is never a good thing,"" said veteran Republican operative Kevin Madden. ""The campaign will have to show dramatic changes immediately on everything from fundraising and organizing to candidate performance and discipline in order to demonstrate there's been a course correction. Otherwise it's just cosmetics.""

Lewandowski has long been a controversial figure in Trump's campaign, but benefited from his proximity to the presumptive Republican nominee. Often mistaken for a member of the candidate's security team, he traveled with Trump on his private plane to nearly every campaign stop, giving him more direct access to the businessman than nearly any other campaign staffer.

He was a chief promoter of the idea that the best campaign strategy was to ""Let Trump be Trump."" Lewandowski frequently dismissed the notion that Trump needed to hire more experienced political hands, spend on polling and sophisticated data operations, and moderate his rhetoric as he moved toward the general election. That approach clashed with seasoned operatives hired in recent months.

Minutes after news of Lewandowski's departure was announced, Trump aide Michael Caputo tweeted, ""Ding dong the witch is dead!"" and included a link to the song from the film, ""The Wizard of Oz.""

Lewandowski was charged with misdemeanor battery in the spring for an altercation involving a female reporter during a rally. The charges were later dropped. Trump defended Lewandowski throughout the episode and repeatedly framed his own actions as a sign of loyalty and a demonstration that he would not give in to outside pressure.

""Folks, look, I'm a loyal person,"" Trump told voters at the time.

""It's so important,"" he said of loyalty in a subsequent interview. ""And it's one of the traits that I most respect in people. You don't see it enough.""

Lewandowski's consulting firm, Green Monster, was paid more than $360,000 by the Trump campaign through the end of April, and reimbursed an additional $15,000 for travel expenses, according to fundraising reports.

Yet his approach within the campaign sparked intense criticism from experienced Republican operatives inside and outside of the campaign.

The move comes a day before Trump is to attend a major New York City fundraiser, organized by longtime GOP financier Woody Johnson, the NFL Jets owner. Trump will spend part of Tuesday and Wednesday at finance events in his home city.

Many of the top Republican fundraisers had encountered turbulence between worried donors and a campaign manager who did not seem fully onboard with the idea that Trump and the party needed to buckle down and raise the money needed to build a robust general election operation.

Republican strategist Ryan Williams, a frequent Trump critic, said Lewandowski's dismissal ""is the first major public admission from Donald Trump that his campaign is not going well.""

""This shows donors, activists and party officials that he is willing to make significant changes, even if it means parting ways with a trusted political aide,"" Williams said. ""Now Trump needs to demonstrate that he is willing to change his own approach by toning down his rhetoric and becoming a more disciplined general election candidate.""",1
1039,"We must smash the Clinton machine: Democratic elites and the media sold out to Hillary this time, but change is coming","A Times story headlined “Obama Privately Tells Donors Time Is Coming to Unite Behind Hillary” had Obama telling DNC high rollers to “come together.” In it Obama “didn’t explicitly call on Sanders to quit” but a “White House official” confirmed his “unusually candid” words. It was a plant dressed up as a scoop. Obama spoke not privately but on background, and not to his donors but through them (and the paper) to his base. It was a different portrait of Obama as unifier: political, financial and media elites, all working as one to put down a revolt.

Obama’s neutrality is a polite scam. His “private” chat came before voters in 29 states even had their say. Presidents never let appointees make endorsements, but three Obama cabinet secretaries — Agriculture’s Tom Vilsack, HUD’s Julian Castro and Labor’s Thomas Perez — backed Clinton early, thus shepherding whole economic sectors into her camp. At Obama’s DNC, ethically challenged Debbie Wasserman Schultz brazenly violates party rules by daily rigging the game for Clinton.

Sanders often says he took on “the most powerful political machine in America,” by which he means the Clintons. He’s really fighting the whole Democratic Party: White House, Congress, DNC, elite media and, sad to say, national progressive groups. That includes organized labor but also nearly every liberal lobby in town. He’s been a more constant friend than Hillary Clinton to almost all of them — but he must face and defeat them all. That he’s done so in 14 states — 15 counting Iowa-and fought four more to a draw is a miracle — and a sign their days are truly numbered.

Donald Trump has accomplished little by comparison. Everything was easier for him. When he hit party elites, no one hit back. Democratic elites had a flawed but still formidable Clinton to carry their water. Republicans had Jeb Bush, and now Ted Cruz. Trump took the low road and then lowered it some more, yet could help himself to issues of broad populist appeal without an establishment type feigning agreement. The media that ignored or dismissed Sanders coddled and appeased Trump. Eight years of open GOP warfare prepared Trump’s way. Bernie’s in the first wave to hit the Democratic beach.

With each call to surrender, Sanders just gets stronger. The day the Politico story ran, he swept Democrats Abroad 69 percent to 30 percent. The next day Hillary took Arizona with 58 percent of the vote but Sanders blew her out in Idaho and Utah, polling an unheard-of 79 percent in caucuses that shattered turnout records. On Saturday he’d chalked up three more wins in Alaska, Hawaii and Washington with average margins of 76 perfent. In a Times/CBS poll out this week the man who started the race 60 points down closed the gap to five. In a Bloomberg poll released Saturday he took a 1 point lead.

It raises a question that the elites who rig rules, stifle debate and call on Sanders to withdraw must answer: Who do you think you are? It also raises a question for Washington-based organizations allegedly safeguarding progressive values: What have you done? With all her money, contacts and celebrity and full, albeit covert support of her president and party, Clinton needed every last liberal endorsement to survive Iowa, Nevada, Missouri, Illinois and Massachusetts. How did she get them? If those endorsements don’t strike you as at least counterintuitive, ponder the record:

Clinton backed NAFTA and the TPP, dithered on the minimum wage and still doesn’t support a living wage. Why would labor help her defeat a man who never once left its side on these and countless other vital issues?

She backed the Defense of Marriage Act in the ’90s, opposed same-sex marriage till 2013 and recently recalled Nancy Reagan as a hero of the AIDS crisis. The Human Rights Campaign may be the bravest and most loyal of all liberal lobbies. Why abandon a stalwart ally like Sanders for one who dithered and dodged on every tough issue?

From Sister Souljah in 1992 to Barack Obama in 2008, the Clinton record on racial politics is highly mixed. She backed the Clinton/Gingrich welfare bill that left millions of African Americans in poverty and the Clinton crime bill that landed millions more in jail. Why did a PAC run in the name of the Congressional Black Caucus pick her over a guy who went to jail to protest segregated housing?

The answers are many and complicated. One is that some once great, grass roots movements pledged their troth to a political party and lost touch with their values and their members. Led by hired technicians and assorted other Washington lifers, many froze members out of their decisions. It’s a big part of the story but not the whole story. Another part pertains to ideology and the tyranny of tactical thinking.

Ideology is easy to spot in those we deem extremist; it’s harder to see in those we deem “centrist.”  All ideologues think their ideology is empirical — Engels called his “scientific socialism” — but centrists get away with it. We call their shared ideology “neoliberalism.” Its adherents include deficit hawks, military interventionists, market deregulators, free traders and, the key to it all, pay-to-play politicians.

This ideology is bipartisan. Without the full support of Democratic elites, NAFTA, the TPP, the Iraq war, Wall Street deregulation, every revolving door and no bid contract, every cut ever made to Social Security or Medicare, would be impossible. The culture wars we so loudly deplore are mostly a sideshow staged by political elites to hold onto their base while conducting their business. This election exposes the real divide in American politics, the one separating us from them.

Neoliberal politics is entirely tactical and tactical thinking is static. Most people oppose Wall Street crooks, Mideast ground wars and cuts to Social Security so they talk endlessly about what the Congress they’ve corrupted won’t pass and what other voters allegedly won’t support. Neoliberals love horse-race politics because it never favors reform. Polls favor known quantities. Endorsements go to people in power; money to those willing to reward the investment. Tacticians rely on marketing tools made to manipulate, not illuminate.

Since global finance capitalism runs on pay to play politics, neoliberals promise “change” but can never deliver reform. They can’t talk us out of wanting a living wage or universal health care so they argue tactics: change is impossible because someone else doesn’t want it; we can’t afford it, even though it saves us money.

The tyranny of tactical thinking surely led some progressives to Clinton despite knowing she’d likely let them down again. It even infects the minds of voters. In hopes of catching a Democratic ear or two, I’ll illustrate the point using polls.

Eight month ago Bernie was a stranger to Democrats. In a recent CNN poll his popularity among them surpassed Clinton’s. (85 percent /10 percent versus 76/19). The Times poll shows the gap widening. In it, 56 percent of Dems say if he’s the nominee they’ll support him “enthusiastically.” Just 40 percent say the same of her. On issues his lead is far greater; that’s why she mimics him rather than the other way around. Yet this is the same poll in which she beats him by 5 percent. Some Democrats who prefer him vote for her. I put it down to tactical thinking. In that same poll 72 percent of Democrats say regardless of how they feel she’ll be the nominee. Seventy-eight percent say her ideas are “realistic”; 56 percnt say his are. The case she makes is purely tactical; she can win; she can pass her program; she has more delegates. They’d be reasonable arguments if they were true, but all evidence says they aren’t. That so many smart people buy into them only proves my point: ideology makes you stupid. Like all ideologues, neoliberals see themselves as fact driven free thinkers. Last fall polls started showing Bernie beating Republicans who beat Hillary. Clintonites said early polls mean nothing. In their best ‘pay no attention to the man behind the curtain’ voices, neoliberal pundits treated this baseless assertion like a law of physics. It’s not. We take early polls with big grains of salt but Clinton and Trump were very well known with high, hard negatives. That’s different. Six months later he still beats her in every general election poll; her people still dismisses the polls. She says Republicans haven’t attacked him yet, but she sure has. The result: people like her less and him more. She says wait till voters find out he’s a socialist. They did and guess what: socialism got more popular. If they find out how honest and frugal his brand of socialism is they’ll like it even more. Pundits tout Clinton’s foreign policy cred. As Secretary of State she no doubt took copious notes but she’s wrong on every issue she and Sanders dispute. She says her Iraq war vote was a long time ago and anyway she apologized but her theory of the case resembles Jeb Bush’s. (She blames W. Jeb blames the staff) As Secretary she applied her Iraq War logic to Libya and Syria. She promoted fracking, bugged the office of the U.N. Secretary General and meddled illegally in a Honduran coup. At what point is her experience cancelled out by her inability to learn from it?  And does Bernie ever get credit for being right? She has vast political experience but may be the most gaffe-prone major candidate ever to run for president. Bernie on the other hand rarely misspeaks. Pundits who prize “message discipline” seem not to notice. They used to say independent voters decide elections, but independents abhor Hillary and adore Bernie so they say it less now. Hillary ranks worst of all the candidates on honesty and Bernie best.  He has the highest favorability rating of any candidate in the race. Save for Trump, she has the lowest of any major candidate in the history of polling. To fact driven, free thinking neoliberals none of it matters. Facts that contradict ideology never do. Clintonites say Bernie should quit so she can focus on Trump. But Trump’s no more inevitable than Clinton. If he gets croaked in Cleveland, does anyone believe she has a better shot than Bernie of bringing some of his followers back into the Democratic fold? In any case it’s not Bernie but her response to him that kills her. Coming out against the TPP or the banks would help if she seemed at all sincere. Her clumsy smears—Bernie wants to repeal Medicare, Bernie opposed the auto bailout, Bernie loves the Minutemen etc., etc.—serve only to fuel doubts about her character. Her shameless surrogates accuse him of partisan disloyalty.  Could voters care less? Bernie won’t quit but even if he did it wouldn’t fix what ails her. Both Clinton and Trump argue their inevitability. It’s an illusion propped up by rules meant to stifle dissent. (Superdelegates in her case, winner-take-all in his) She’d be the weakest candidate Democrats have nominated in half a century or more. He’d be the worst ever nominated by either party. Neither will finish strong. Both may crumble. Each will then say early wins in a rigged system entitle them to nominations. Will either party have the wisdom to say no? Current rules of both parties are undemocratic All conventions are free to adopt their own rules. Victory may well go to whichever one has the courage to change. Hillary Clinton’s closing argument, other than her inevitability, is the impossibility of the middle class getting what it wants: a living wage, single payer health care, an end to pay-to-play politics. One thing’s for sure; we’ll never get them without new leader and new rules. The range of possible outcomes includes a Clinton/Trump race but also a Paul Ryan, Ted Cruz or John Kasich-led ticket coming out of Cleveland 10 points ahead of Hillary Clinton or 5 points behind Bernie Sanders. It also includes a Sanders/Trump race in which Bernie beats Trump by more than FDR beat Alf Landon. It only sounds crazy if you’re wearing neoliberal blinders. Two polls in the last five days (Bloomberg and CNN) say that’s exactly what would happen. For this to happen, lots of other stuff has to happen first. Republicans have to flinch and nominate Trump. Bernie has to pick all the low hanging fruit that’s left and win a couple of tougher races. The Democrats have to unstack the deck. I have a suggestion. Start with the superdelegates. For a solid year the Democratic National Committee has broken its own rules. As Hawaii Rep. Tulsi Gabbard noted in resigning as a DNC vice chair to back Bernie, officers may not back candidates until a nominee emerges. Schultz and other Clintonites mock the rule. In slashing debates from 26 in 2008 to six in 2016 and repealing a ban on federal contractor donations, Schultz, a payday loan industry ally, acted with zero due process; no notice, minutes, meeting or vote. DNC members said not a word. 435 of them, all unelected, are superdelegates. They had no business voting to begin with. All their votes should be allotted to candidates in proportion to their performance in each state. Bernie Sanders must stay in the race not only till the convention but till the end of whatever ballot nominates him or Hillary Clinton. He must do so because he and not she would make the stronger candidate and the better president. Regardless of how the next primaries, he should do it because his campaign isn’t just a revolution, it’s a movement that must outlast this election and many more to come. Blinded by ideology and self-interest, party elites say everything we want is impossible. The people in the movement know if we keep eyes on the prize we can do great things, even a thing as great as electing Bernie Sanders president.",1
4786,5 takeaways from the first presidential debate,"There were a couple of not-so-very-subtle signals here inside of Hofstra University that Donald Trump lost Monday night’s highly-anticipated debate against Hillary Clinton, and badly.

The first was the audible sound of groaning by some of his supporters (picked up by my attentive colleague Steve Shepard) inside the debate hall as Trump meandered self-defensively through a succession of answers against a very focused, very energized and very well-rehearsed Hillary Clinton.

Another tell: After the 90-minute sparring match finished, Clinton’s team practically bounded into the spin room – more in glassy-eyed disbelief than visible elation that things had gone so much better than expected. The GOP nominee’s people, by contrast, dribbled into the media pen like surly seventh-graders headed for homeroom the day before summer vacation. “F—k, let’s do this,” a prominent Trump surrogate said before diving into a scrum.

Trump and his new-ish messaging team have labored mightily to turn the avatar of populist rage into a reasonable facsimile of someone who you could see sitting in the Oval Office. But this best-laid plan unraveled on Monday – amid Clinton’s steely assault and the dignified interrogation of NBC’s Lester Holt, who struck a deft balance between facilitator, BS detector and lion tamer.

Within minutes of the opening bell, Clinton’s attacks forced domesticated Donald to go feral – he bellowed, interrupted her repeatedly, grunted, and toward the bedraggled end, became muted and pouty.

“It was bizarre,” said Barack Obama’s campaign manager David Plouffe, who, like many Clinton allies, seemed visibly relieved. “He was clearly rattled, and clearly focused on defending himself, which I’m told narcissists are prone to do, and he clearly faded at the end. It’s not like she’s going to jump out to a 10-point lead, but this was good.”

Whether or not this reverses Trump’s momentum, or reestablishes Clinton's control of the race is an open question. Who won is not. Here are five takeaways.

Trump was wimpy when defensive. He is supposed to be the big meanie but it was Clinton who hit him where it hurt most. It doesn’t take a Jung (or even Dr. Phil after a couple of Bud Lights) to figure out that the GOP nominee – who boasts like a barfly – just might be over-compensating. Hence, Clinton, who started the debate a little tentatively, quickly launched into a carefully planned program of Freudian mind-games, contrasting her own middle-class businessman dad (who had his own issues) with Trump’s imperious, larger-than-life father Fred who launched his son’s business career but also was said to be extremely tough on him.

First she started in with a paean to her father’s running a small printing business in Chicago (This might be the first time a candidate has described, in detail, the silk-screen squeegee process on a debate stage) – then she pivoted to mocking supposedly self-made Trump’s start in the real estate business. “You know, Donald was very fortunate in his life and that's all to his benefit. He started his business with $14 million, borrowed from his father,” she said icily.

“My father gave me a very small loan in 1975 and I built it into a company that's worth many, many billions of dollars,” he responded weakly – and so it went on a range of topics.

Whether it was because Clinton was so well prepped, and Trump was so breezily unprepared – or had a simple case of opening night jitters – the bully-boy nominee abandoned his most effective mode of debate combat, answering an attack with a harsher one. She went right for Trump’s ego – questioning his questionable $11 billion net worth, his boastful record on job creation and picking apart his tough talk on fighting ISIS.

In 2007, preparing for a primary race she’d eventually lose, Clinton told me that the key to presidential political campaigns was understanding that the most effective attacks weren’t about exploiting someone’s weaknesses but challenging an opponent’s perceived strengths. When confronted with that assault, Trump wilted and offered a series of meandering answers that had his Republicans wincing. “It was a draw,” former Massachusetts Sen. Scott Brown said. “But he was on the defensive far too much. That’s a direct result of his inexperience.”

What about the Clinton Foundation? The former secretary’s debate team (including longtime aide Phillippe Reines, who snapped a pre-debate photo in a Trump circled-finger pose) expected him to savage her on the various questions raised about her family’s foundation. They were worried about it. While he hammered her ever-so-briefly on emails, he was so engaged in self-justification, he flat-out forgot to pursue an attack that could have made the night a lot less lousy.

His “30 years” attack worked – and he’ll use it again. Trump may have lost the first debate, but he’s proven to be a fast learner, and is likely to come back stronger in early October for the second debate, a town hall style affair, in St. Louis. And there were a few gold nuggets strewn in the wreckage of Hofstra – the most valuable an assault (demonstrable and fact-checker-friendly) on Clinton’s effectiveness in 25-plus years of public life.

The been-there-not-done-that argument was particularly useful when coupled with his usual slams on Bill Clinton’s passage of the increasingly unpopular NAFTA agreement from the 1990s and Hillary Clinton’s election-year flip-flop from TPP booster to opponent.

“When she started talking about this, it was really very recently,” Trump said of her opposition to the trade deal. “She's been doing this for 30 years. And why hasn't she made the agreements better? The NAFTA agreement is defective. Just because of the tax and many other reasons, but just because of the fact.”

When Clinton claimed that she planned to “really work to get new jobs and to get exports that helped to create more new jobs.” He scoffed, and shot back, “But you haven't done it in 30 years or 26 years.”

Clinton effectively attacked his business career. Trump’s attempt to head off debate-night questions about his five-year campaign promoting the birther slander against Barack Obama was a humbling face-plant. His attempt to pin the origin of the charge against Clinton associate Sid Blumenthal was semi-effective with the political press, but it withered under the insistent interrogation of an African-American moderator determined to extract an apology or reasonable explanation. Trump offered neither – and suggested Obama should actually be grateful he pursued the canard because it’s now been resoundingly put to rest.

Politically, his tortured explanation helps energize black voters – who already oppose him in historic numbers. But later in the debate, Clinton plucked the strains of what could be a genuine crossover hit this fall among ever-elusive white working-class voters and independents: Trump’s failure to turn over his tax returns. Clinton went there with a vengeance – engaging in a little Trump-esque fact-free speculation about the motives of the billionaire developer-turned-reality TV star.

“So you've got to ask yourself, why won't he release his tax returns?” Clinton mused, with relish. “And I think there may be a couple of reasons. First, maybe he's not as rich as he says he is. Second, maybe he's not as charitable as he claims to be. Third, we don't know all of his business dealings... Or maybe he doesn't want the American people, all of you watching tonight, to know that he's paid nothing in federal taxes, because the only years that anybody's ever seen were a couple of years when he had to turn them over to state authorities when he was trying to get a casino license, and they showed he didn't pay any federal income tax.”

Trump’s answer did more harm than good:

“That makes me smart,” he said – referring to his business, not his political, acumen.

Her most effective attack – and his worst answer. If the GOP nominee needed any more proof that preparation trumps bombast in a general election debate, he got it when Clinton launched a merciless attack on his habit of stiffing contractors who have labored on his construction projects over the years. Again, Clinton brought it back to her father, describing how bad he would have felt if one of his clients had accepted his work without paying his bill.

""I’ve met dishwashers, painters, architects, marble installers, drapery installers, who you refused to pay when they finished the work you asked them to do,” Clinton said, delivering a carefully scripted attack. “We have an architect in the audience who designed one of your clubhouses at one of your golf courses. It's a beautiful facility. It immediately was put to use. And you wouldn't pay what the man needed to be paid, what he was charging you to do.”

This is a particular dangerous issue for a candidate whose entire campaign is rooted in fighting for the working class -- and his flippant response, yet again, gave comfort to his enemies.

“Maybe he didn't do a good job and I was unsatisfied with his work,” Trump quipped.",1
3859,"@POTUS joins Twitter, jokes with @BillClinton","So, it's official. After years of signing ""-BO"" at the end of @BarackObama t o signal the tweets he crafted himself from an account operated by the Organizing for Action staff, the President now has his very own handle @POTUS , tweeting for the first time:

""Hello, Twitter! It's Barack. Really! Six years in, they're finally giving me my own account.""

And some asking the question on a lot of people's minds, what happens to the handle when a new President takes office?

According to a White House official, @POTUS handle will transfer to the next President when Obama leaves office on 2017. President Bill Clinton even had some fun with the news, tweeting: Welcome to @Twitter, @POTUS! One question: Does that username stay with the office? #askingforafriend

For his banner photo, the President chose a powerful image from the 50th anniversary of the Selma to Montgomery marches, where he, first lady and Congressman John Lewis (D-Georgia) led a commemorative march, hand in hand, over the Selma Bridge. Per a statement from t he White House , the @POTUS handle ""will serve as a new way for President Obama to engage directly with the American people, with tweets coming exclusively from him."" Naturally, folks on social are having a little fun with this new presidential social presence: — The First Lady (@FLOTUS) May 18, 2015 The bear is loose on the Twittersphere! Welcome to the interwebs, Mr. President. https://t.co/SrlAbK3rfK — Valerie Jarrett (@vj44) May 18, 2015 .@POTUS joined Twitter just in time to live tweet The Bachelorette premiere tonight. — Erin Ruberry (@erinruberry) May 18, 2015 I'm going to enjoy the brief 10 minute period where I have more Twitter followers than @POTUS. pic.twitter.com/w28RPLGY09 — Byron Tau (@ByronTau) May 18, 2015 And Connecticut Sen. Chris Murphy tweeting a gif of the President with a selfie stick: Welcome to twitter @POTUS! Looking forward to lots of Presidential selfies pic.twitter.com/jjWnkwX14h — Chris Murphy (@ChrisMurphyCT) May 18, 2015 In the meantime, we'll just wait for your first GIFs and selfies, Mr. President.",1
4459,Obama on 'The Daily Show:' What happened to common conversation? (+video),"President Obama talks political polarization and the 'Balkanization' of the media in his seventh and final appearance on 'The Daily Show' on Tuesday night.

President Obama made his seventh and final appearance on “The Daily Show” Tuesday night to reflect on his time spent in office and the lessons he’s learned.

“The one thing I know as I enter my last year as president is the country is full of good and decent people and there is a sense of common purpose at the neighborhood level and at the school and in the workplace,” Mr. Obama told host Jon Stewart.

“And that dissipates the further up it goes because of the money and all the filters and all the polarizing that takes place in how politics are shaped,” he continued.

Part of this polarization, Obama said, is due to the changing nature of the media.

“I think [the media] gets distracted by shiny objects and doesn’t always focus on the big, tough choices and decisions that have to be made. And part of that is just the changing nature of technology,” he said.

The president admitted that the White House was “way too slow in trying to redesign and reengineer” the structure of its Press Office to adapt to online and social media, and lamented the “Balkanization” of the media in recent years.

“You’ve got folks who are constantly looking for facts that reinforce their existing point of view as opposed to having a common conversation,” Obama said. “I think one of the things that we have to think about, not just the president but all of us, is how do we join together in a common conversation about something other than the Super Bowl.”

The only way everyday citizens can prevent this polarization, the president continued, is by getting involved and contacting local representatives. He went on to “guarantee” that “if people feel strongly about making sure Iran doesn’t get a nuclear weapon without us going to war and that is expressed to Congress, then people will believe in that.”

Other topics discussed in the 22-minute interview were the Iran deal, which Obama portrayed as the best achievable compromise, and progress made in the fields of healthcare and climate change. He also cited improvements in the Department of Veteran Affairs, the economy, and the efficiency of government in general.

“What I do think has happened is a lot of the work that we did early starts bearing fruit later,” Obama said, giving the example of the Iran negotiations. “So it finally comes to fruition. But it represents a lot of work.”",1
3727,It’s not about mental illness: The big lie that always follows mass shootings by white males,"We barely know anything about the suspect in the Charleston, South Carolina, atrocity. We certainly don’t have testimony from a mental health professional responsible for his care that he suffered from any specific mental illness, or that he suffered from a mental illness at all.

We do have statistics showing that the vast majority of people who commit acts of violence do not have a diagnosis of mental illness and, conversely, people who have mental illness are far more likely to be the victims of violence than the perpetrators.

We know that the stigma of people who suffer from mental illness as scary, dangerous potential murderers hurts people every single day — it costs people relationships and jobs, it scares people away from seeking help who need it, it brings shame and fear down on the heads of people who already have it bad enough.

But the media insists on trotting out “mental illness” and blaring out that phrase nonstop in the wake of any mass killing. I had to grit my teeth every time I personally debated someone defaulting to the mindless mantra of “The real issue is mental illness” over the Isla Vista shootings.

“The real issue is mental illness” is a goddamn cop-out. I almost never hear it from actual mental health professionals, or advocates working in the mental health sphere, or anyone who actually has any kind of informed opinion on mental health or serious policy proposals for how to improve our treatment of the mentally ill in this country.

What I hear from people who bleat on about “The real issue is mental illness,” when pressed for specific suggestions on how to deal with said “real issue,” is terrifying nonsense designed to throw the mentally ill under the bus. Elliot Rodger’s parents should’ve been able to force risperidone down his throat. Seung-Hui Cho should’ve been forcibly institutionalized. Anyone with a mental illness diagnosis should surrender all of their constitutional rights, right now, rather than at all compromise the right to bear arms of self-declared sane people.

What’s interesting is to watch who the mentally ill people are being thrown under the bus to defend. In the wake of Sandy Hook, the NRA tells us that creating a national registry of firearms owners would be giving the government dangerously unchecked tyrannical power, but a national registry of the mentally ill would not — even though a “sane” person holding a gun is intrinsically more dangerous than a “crazy” person, no matter how crazy, without a gun.

We’ve successfully created a world so topsy-turvy that seeking medical help for depression or anxiety is apparently stronger evidence of violent tendencies than going out and purchasing a weapon whose only purpose is committing acts of violence. We’ve got a narrative going where doing the former is something we’re OK with stigmatizing but not the latter. God bless America.

What’s also interesting is the way “The real issue is mental illness” is deployed against mass murderers the way it’s deployed in general — as a way to discredit their own words. When you call someone “mentally ill” in this culture it’s a way to admonish people not to listen to them, to ignore anything they say about their own actions and motivations, to give yourself the authority to say you know them better than they know themselves.

This is cruel, ignorant bullshit when it’s used to discredit people who are the victims of crimes. It is, in fact, one major factor behind the fact that the mentally ill are far more likely to be the targets of violence than the perpetrators–every predator loves a victim who won’t be allowed to speak in their own defense.

But it’s also bullshit when used to discredit the perpetrators of crimes. Mass murderers frequently aren’t particularly shy about the motives behind what they do — the nature of the crime they commit is attention-seeking, is an attempt to get news coverage for their cause, to use one local atrocity to create fear within an entire population. (According to the dictionary, by the way, this is called “terrorism,” but we only ever seem to use that word for the actions of a certain kind — by which I mean a certain color — of mass killer.)

Elliot Rodger told us why he did what he did, at great length, in detail and with citations to the “redpill” websites from which he got his deranged ideology. It isn’t, at the end of the day, rocket science — he killed women because he resented them for not sleeping with him, and he killed men because he resented them for having the success he felt he was denied.

Yes, whatever mental illness he may have had contributed to the way his beliefs were at odds with reality. But it didn’t cause his beliefs to spring like magic from inside his brain with no connection to the outside world.

That’s as deliberately obtuse as reading the Facebook rants of a man who rambled on at great length about how much he hated religion and in particular hated Islam and deciding that the explanation for his murdering a Muslim family is that he must’ve just “gone crazy” over a parking dispute.

Now we’ve got a man who wore symbols of solidarity with apartheid regimes, a man who lived in a culture surrounded by deadly weapons who, like many others, received a gift of a deadly weapon as a rite of passage into manhood. He straight-up told his victims, before shooting them, that he was doing it to defend “our country” from black people “taking over.” He told a woman that he was intentionally sparing her life so she could tell people what he did. There is no reasonable interpretation of his actions that don’t make this a textbook act of terrorism against black Americans as a community. And yet almost immediately we’ve heard the same, tired refrain of “The real issue is mental illness.” Well, “mental illness” never created any idea, motivation or belief system. “Mental illness” refers to the way our minds can distort the ideas we get from the world, but the ideas still come from somewhere. One of the highest-profile cases of full-blown schizophrenia in history is that of John Nash, who, unlike the vast, vast majority of mentally ill people, really did develop a whole system of delusions entirely separate from reality. And yet even then the movie A Beautiful Mind whitewashes what those beliefs actually were–when he came up with an all-powerful conspiracy that was monitoring his every move, that conspiracy by sheer coincidence was a conspiracy of the world’s Jews. Was it just sheer bad luck for Jewish people that a random genius’ random fertile imagination made them into demonic villains? Or did he get that idea from somewhere? Misogynistic rants that exactly match Elliot Rodger’s are just a Google search away, if you have a strong stomach. So are racist threats that exactly match Dylann Roof’s. Are all those people “mentally ill”? And if so is there some pill you could distribute to cure it? Dylann Roof is a fanboy of the South African and Rhodesian governments. As horrific as Roof’s crime was, the crimes that occurred over decades of apartheid rule were far, far worse, and committed by thousands of statesmen, bureaucrats and law enforcement officials. Were all of them also “mentally ill”? At the risk of Godwinning myself, John Nash wasn’t the only person to think the Jews were a global demonic conspiracy out to get him–at one point in history a large portion of the Western world bought into that and killed six million people because of it. Were they all “mentally ill”? Even when violence stems purely from delusion in the mind of someone who’s genuinely totally detached from reality–which is extremely rare–that violence seems to have a way of finding its way to culturally approved targets. Yeah, most white supremacists aren’t “crazy” enough to go on a shooting spree, most misogynists aren’t “crazy” enough to murder women who turn them down, most anti-government zealots aren’t “crazy” enough to shoot up or blow up government buildings. But the “crazy” ones always seem to have a respectable counterpart who makes a respectable living pumping out the rhetoric that ends up in the “crazy” one’s manifesto–drawing crosshairs on liberals and calling abortion doctors mass murderers–who, once an atrocity happens, then immediately throws the “crazy” person under the bus for taking their words too seriously, too literally. And the big splashy headliner atrocities tend to distract us from the ones that don’t make headline news. People are willing to call one white man emptying five magazines and murdering nine black people in a church and openly saying it was because of race a hate crime, even if they have to then cover it up with the fig leaf of individual “mental illness”–but a white man wearing a uniform who fires two magazines at two people in a car in a “bad neighborhood” in Cleveland? That just ends up a statistic in a DoJ report on systemic bias. And hundreds of years of history in which an entire country’s economy was set up around chaining up millions of black people, forcing them to work and shooting them if they get out of line? That’s just history. The reason a certain kind of person loves talking about “mental illness” is to draw attention to the big bold scary exceptional crimes and treat them as exceptions. It’s to distract from the fact that the worst crimes in history were committed by people just doing their jobs–cops enforcing the law, soldiers following orders, bureaucrats signing paperwork. That if we define “sanity” as going along to get along with what’s “normal” in the society around you, then for most of history the sane thing has been to aid and abet monstrous evil. We love to talk about individuals’ mental illness so we can avoid talking about the biggest, scariest problem of all–societal illness. That the danger isn’t any one person’s madness, but that the world we live in is mad. After all, there’s no pill for that.",1
1630,GOP Candidates Say Paris Attacks Highlight U.S. Leadership Failure,"GOP presidential candidates called for prayers for victims of the terrorist attacks in Paris and a swift response from the U.S., while criticizing President Barack Obama‘s foreign policy.",1
3750,Report: Freddie Gray sustained injury in police van,"(CNN) The mystery into the death of Freddie Gray grew more complex Thursday as several new reports put the focus on what might have happened during a roughly 40-minute ride in the back of a police transport van.

• Investigators found that Gray was mortally injured in the van and not during his arrest, a Washington television station reported, citing multiple law enforcement sources.

• Police told reporters they have learned of an additional stop the van made as it was traveling to a police precinct.

• An officer involved in the arrest believes Gray was injured before being put into the vehicle, according to a relative who gave the officer's account to CNN.

• A second prisoner, who was picked up after Gray, told investigators that he thought Gray ""was intentionally trying to injure himself, according to The Washington Post.

What happened to Gray, the 25-year-old Baltimore man who suffered a severe spine injury and died one week after his arrest, has led to angry debate and protests nationwide. For the first time Thursday, Baltimore police walked with marchers and stopped traffic for them at intersections.

When the 10 p.m. curfew went into effect for the third night, there were still many protesters on the streets. Activists and local leaders were telling people to go home.

A body was found a block away from a CVS pharmacy that had been looted and set on fire during Monday's rioting. CNN's Ryan Young saw authorities tending to it.

It was discovered in a parked semi truck. Investigators did not say if the body was that of a man or a woman or if there was any connection to the riots.

But a dispatcher from an Illinois-based trucking company that commissions the truck said Baltimore police called to ask about one of its drivers hailing from Baltimore. His family had reported him missing for two to three days during a trip home, said dispatcher Brad Rhodes from Henderson Trucking Company.

The driver was supposed to return to work Wednesday, but did not show up. Rhodes did not confirm if the driver of that vehicle was the missing man and did not know the missing driver's fate.

The sources quoted by the Washington-based station said the medical examiner had determined Gray's death was caused by a catastrophic injury after he slammed into the back of the police transport van while inside it, ""apparently breaking his neck; a head injury he sustained matches a bolt in the back of the van.""

The station said it was unclear what caused Gray to slam into the back of the van and whether Gray caused the injury.

An official in the state's Office of the Chief Medical Examiner wouldn't comment to CNN on the report, citing an ongoing investigation. The official said the autopsy report on Gray could be delivered to the State's Attorney Office ""as soon as tomorrow or early next week.""

Staff members were still doing examinations Thursday, the official said. The completion and delivery of the final report will depend on how quickly that evaluation is completed and compiled. While it could be sent Friday, there is still the possibility it won't be ready until early next week, the official said.

How Gray was injured and whether police are liable for his death are questions now in the hands of the state's attorney for Baltimore City.

Police led a news conference by announcing they handed their investigative files over to prosecutors a day earlier than planned.

The state's attorney for Baltimore City confirmed she had received the report and said that while police have regularly briefed her office on their findings, her team has been conducting its own independent investigation.

""While we have and will continue to leverage the information received by the department, we are not relying solely on their findings but rather the facts that we have gathered and verified,"" prosecutor Marilyn Mosby said. ""We ask for the public to remain patient and peaceful and to trust the process of the justice system.""

Mosby will ultimately decide whether to file charges against any of the officers.

Investigators delivered their report early because ""I understand the frustration. I understand the urgency,"" police Commissioner Anthony Batts said.

""This does not mean that the investigation is over. If new evidence is found, we will follow it,"" he added. ""Getting to the right answer is more important than speed.""

The announcement of the additional stop by the police van was treated almost as a footnote in the police news conference.

""This new stop was discovered from a privately owned camera,"" Deputy Commissioner Kevin Davis said without elaborating.

Many observers, though, say that revelation and other reports makes the Gray case even more suspicious -- and there has been no shortage of protesters taking to the city's streets to express their doubts about police accounts of what happened between Gray's April 12 arrest and his death.

The Rev. Jamal Bryant of Baltimore's Empowerment Temple has been helping organize protests and speaking to people in the community. Young people have told him in the past two days that they are ""absolutely frustrated and their confidence level is absolutely shattered"" and that Thursday's news only exacerbates those feelings.

""They don't believe that Mr. Gray was hurting himself in the van, and this additional stop lends credence to the suspicion that something is absolutely off track,"" he said.

Batts told CNN's Chris Cuomo that people are jumping to conclusions and no one is trying to cover anything up.

""I think it's unfortunate that these little things are coming out. I think that it's inappropriate,"" he added while out checking on his officers Thursday night. ""I think people should take a deep breath to wait for state's attorney to come out with the entire information.""

Attorney Andrew O'Connell, who is part of the Gray family's legal team, described the police time line as a ""moving target,"" meaning it keeps changing over time.

""What I would like to know and what we have been asking for from the beginning are the radio runs that are recorded during these stops,"" he said. ""Whenever a police officer makes a stop, he's supposed to radio it in. We haven't seen those. Those are usually the best way to get an accurate picture of what happened during an arrest.""

An official who had been briefed on the investigation told CNN that the stops are key to determining what happened, and as O'Connell pointed out, each stop is supposed to be logged, generally by the van's driver, and that didn't happen in this case. That's why the initial police time line was missing the new stop, the official said.

But where O'Connell stopped short of leveling accusations, CNN legal analyst Mel Robbins was more incredulous.

""They found out about it after doing this investigation where they interviewed over 30 people,"" she said. ""So what that says to me is that if it's going to take a closed-circuit, private camera to show the stop, that they were not getting that information from the police officers during the investigation.""

'This is why they investigate'

CNN law enforcement analyst Tom Fuentes contended, however, that it was too early to assert something nefarious was at play and said finding and reviewing videos in an investigation is laborious.

""This could be a private security camera that was from a business, looking down the sidewalk and the street from their business that maybe just got turned over,"" he said. ""This is why they investigate. More facts come up gradually. When you have private citizens turn over videos to look at, they may not have realized it was that van, the business owner may not have known that it had anything to do with this case.""

Hwang Jung, owner of the market at North Fremont Avenue and Mosher Street where the newly disclosed stop took place, said officers in suits came into his store last week asking to see surveillance footage from April 12 at around 8:30 a.m.

After viewing the footage, the officers gave him their number and said two more officers would come copy the footage, which happened a few hours later, Hwang said.

The footage was lost, he said, when his store was looted in the days after Gray's death. He said he couldn't be sure exactly what day the officers came by but he thought it was early in the week of April 19.

It was April 24, a Friday, that Deputy Commissioner Davis told reporters that there had only been three stops en route to the police station: the first to put leg irons on Gray, the second ""to deal with Mr. Gray"" (an incident, he said, that remained under investigation) and the third to pick up a prisoner in an unrelated matter.

The new stop, Davis said Thursday, came between the first and second stops.

The six officers involved in the case have been suspended, and none has spoken publicly about what occurred.

But a relative of one of the officers spoke to CNN on the condition of anonymity. She is related to one of the six officers but said the officer didn't request the interview.

The relative said she worries all six of the officers who encountered Gray during his April 12 arrest will be incriminated when only some might be responsible.

""Six officers did not injure this man,"" she said. ""Six officers didn't put him in the hospital. I'm worried that instead of them figuring out who did, that six officers are going to be punished behind something that maybe one or two or even three officers may have done to Freddie Gray.""

She also told CNN that the officer doesn't know how Gray was injured but said he believes it happened during the arrest.

""He believes that Freddie Gray was injured outside the paddy wagon,"" the relative said.

She also gave an explanation of why Gray was not buckled into the police van: He appeared belligerent.

""They didn't want to reach over him. You were in a tight space in the paddy wagon. He's already irate,"" she said.

Police have said five of the six officers have been interviewed by detectives, while the sixth invoked the right to decline to be questioned.

WJLA reported the van driver was the officer who has not be interviewed.

Report: Gray was trying to hurt himself, prisoner says

The news of what the second prisoner told police was in a Washington Post account that cites an investigative document written by a Baltimore police investigator.

In it, a prisoner who was in the police van with Gray said he could hear Gray ""banging against the walls"" of the van and thought Gray ""was intentionally trying to injure himself.""

The prisoner was separated from Gray by a metal barrier and could not see him, police have said.

When asked about the report, Gray family attorney Jason Downs said they cannot react to rumors and the family wants to see the medical examiner's findings.

He disputed the notion that Gray caused his own fatal injury.

""Any suggestion that Mr. Gray harmed himself in the back of that van is something that Freddie Gray's family strongly disagrees with,"" Downs told CNN's ""Erin Burnett OutFront"" on Thursday. ""In this case, common sense dictates that Freddie Gray did not sever his own spinal cord whether it was outside of the van or inside the van.""

Regardless of what happened, the police commissioner said Gray should have gotten medical help sooner.

""We know our police employees failed to get him medical attention in a timely manner multiple times,"" Batts said last week.",1
3829,"Sure, We Want An Honest And Trustworthy President, But It's Complicated","Sure, We Want An Honest And Trustworthy President, But It's Complicated

Americans say they like Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton the most for president, but they don't think they're honest and trustworthy.

Such a lack of trust, according to the latest Quinnipiac University poll, might be astonishing if we were not already accustomed to hearing about it — about our politicians in general and about these two candidates in particular. But the new polls shows one of the starkest divides yet.

Polling at 27 percent, Trump is at least 10 points ahead of any of his many rivals among registered Republicans. Clinton is the choice of 60 percent of Democrats, with Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders a rather distant second at 30 percent.

Yet 60 percent of poll respondents said they did not find Clinton ""honest and trustworthy."" Fifty-nine percent said the same of Trump.

Tim Malloy, assistant director of the Quinnipiac Poll said this anomaly has been apparent over months of polling.

""We've always found bad numbers on 'honest and trustworthy' for both Clinton and Trump, but good numbers for both on leadership,"" Malloy said.

Indeed, Clinton scored exactly as well on ""strong leadership qualities"" in this poll (60 percent agreeing) as she did poorly on honest and trustworthiness. And Trump, by the same token, got similar numbers for strong leadership (58 percent yes, 39 percent no).

""The one (judgment) seems to eclipse the other,"" said Malloy. ""I mean, what else could it be?""

The preference for strength as the premier quality in a leader has a long history both in the U.S. and around the world. In times of stress, in particular, many countries have turned to leaders regarded as tough and decisive – even if those same politicians were also controversial and distrusted by many.

In terms of the whole sample, this does appear to be the case. But the apparent contradiction between leading the pack and failing the trust test seems less pronounced upon closer inspection.

With their own supporters, Trump and Clinton were rated as honest and trustworthy. Among those planning to vote for Trump next year, 90 percent said he was honest and trustworthy while only seven percent said he was not. Among those planning to vote for Clinton, 84 percent said she was trustworthy while and 13 percent disagreed.

There are, of course, reasons someone might vote for a candidate without entirely trusting that person. It could simply reflect a preference for them over the other available alternatives.

In Clinton's case, Democrats might see her as the party's most electable candidate, even though the Quinnipiac poll finds Sanders runs better against some Republicans in hypothetical match-ups.

In Trump's case, the willingness to back him despite controversy and doubts may indicate the absence of any other consistent GOP rival who's been able to challenge him. Trump's closest competitor to date has been neurosurgeon Ben Carson, but this poll shows Carson fading as many of his former supporters are split between Sens. Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio.

We also need to remember that Trump and Clinton's front-runner status in the candidate preference numbers reflects only the choices within their respective parties. Quinnipiac talked to 672 Republicans and 573 Democrats, but the bad numbers for both Trump and Clinton on whether they are ""honest and trustworthy"" were based on the responses of all 1,453 registered voters surveyed.

Among Republicans, Trump's trust number was much higher (58 percent) than it was from all people in the survey. Among Democrats it was just 12 percent, while independents gave him 36 percent— nearly matching the 35 percent average for all respondents.

Similarly, among Democrats Clinton has a much higher trust number (73 percent). With Republicans it was just seven percent, and among independents it hit 26 percent— leading to an overall average among all respondents of 36%.

The news in this poll may be more worrisome for Clinton, if only because her trust number among independents was 10 points lower than Trump's marks.

While many numbers in the poll could be cautionary for her backers, a remarkable 63 percent of all respondents (and 60 percent of independents) said she had ""a good chance of beating the Republican nominee,"" whomever that might be. That measure was the highest figure in the hypothetical general election test for any candidate in either party.

Meanwhile, only 46 percent of all respondents believed there was ""a good chance"" of Trump beating an unnamed Democratic nominee next November, with independents split evenly on the question.

The poll was conducted nationwide using live interviewers calling both land lines and cell phones from November 23rd-30th (after the November 13th Paris attacks). The survey has a margin of error of plus or minus 2.6 percentage points for the whole survey sample and plus or minus 3.8 points for the Republican sample and plus or minus 4.1 points for the Democrats.",1
3127,The Pope vs. America,"Pope Francis has been brushing up on his English ahead of his arrival in Washington in September, and tickets to his U.S. events are already a hot commodity. But anyone expecting his message to be simply one of mercy and love could be in for a distinct surprise.

In his speech to a joint meeting of Congress, the pope of the poor could well deliver a harsh message for the world’s richest nation. For all the genuine warmth of his smile, his track record suggests he sees it as his job not just to comfort the afflicted, but also to afflict the comfortable. And however delicately he fine-tunes his language, the hard fact is that he believes the United States is as much a part of the problem as the solution.

For more than a century, popes have made nuanced criticisms of the free-market capitalism that drives the American dream. But Pope Francis, with an unprecedented vigor, is locking horns with much that Washington and Wall Street hold dear. Why does he take such a hard line?

In the two-plus years since his election, he has enchanted and bewildered the world in equal measure with his compassion and his contradictions. But he has also proved himself a wily and sophisticated politician. Understanding this side of Francis—capable of crafty maneuvering, unafraid of confrontation, ready to seek out unlikely allies—is essential for understanding the complicated effect he is having on American politics.

The pope born in Argentina as Jorge Mario Bergoglio has been called both a Marxist and a reactionary. But unpack the long biography of this 78-year-old cleric, and a more complex and intriguing reality emerges. Francis has never embraced one particular political ideology, though he has been comfortable around people who have. His first boss, the woman who ran the Buenos Aires chemistry laboratory where he worked, was a Communist whose diligence and integrity he greatly admired. “Marxist ideology is wrong,” the pope said in 2013, “but in my life I have known many Marxists who are good people, so I don’t feel offended.”

What has shaped Francis, instead, is his lived experience. Born into an Italian immigrant family, he has a long-standing bias toward the underdog and those who must struggle to survive. The most formative part of his priestly life was the 19 years he spent among the very poorest in the shantytowns of Buenos Aires, where he was known as the “bishop of the slums.”

But there is another key to understanding the pope’s worldview. His predecessor, Pope Benedict XVI, was above all a theologian. Pope John Paul II, before that, was originally an actor and a philosopher. But Francis trained as a scientist. One of his adages is: “Facts are more important than ideas.” The intersection of these two threads in Francis’ life—his sympathy for the poor and his insistence that reality comes before theory—help account for how the United States and its unrestrained capitalism have come into the papal crosshairs.

Like many Latin Americans, Pope Francis is ambivalent toward America. “He combines both a sense of respect and a feeling of resentment at the economic and cultural dominance of his bigger neighbor,” one senior member of the Roman Curia told me. As a young man, Bergoglio was schooled in the politics of Argentine President Juan Domingo Perón. “Peronism” was a curious alliance of labor unions, the army and the church. It sought what Perón called a “third position” between communism and capitalism. It favored authoritarian nationalism and looked to the state rather than the market for solutions; Francis was much influenced by the latter.

In his later years, as archbishop of Buenos Aires, Francis saw firsthand the devastation wrought upon ordinary people by economic policies originating in Washington. During Argentina’s 2001 economic crisis, when half the population was plunged into poverty, the International Monetary Fund, World Bank and U.S. Treasury agreed to policies that imposed severe austerity on Argentina’s lower class. Six years later, Francis took the leading role in shaping the pro-poor, anti-colonial spirit of the Latin American church articulated by the region’s bishops at their seminal meeting in Aparecida, Brazil.

Pope Francis is no knee-jerk liberal. He has held the traditional Catholic line on issues like abortion, gay marriage and even contraception, yet he has radically shifted the focus of the Catholic Church away from sexual ethics onto the morality of money.

That became clear in the eco-encyclical he released this year, Laudato Si. To the horror of climate skeptics, it endorsed the worldwide scientific consensus that global warming is largely human-created. It was ironic that, before publication, Catholic Republican presidential candidates like Jeb Bush and Rick Santorum had been admonishing the pope that science is better left to scientists. That was exactly what Francis, the former chemist, thought he was doing by accepting the view of 97 percent of actively publishing climate scientists. For Francis, the source of the Earth’s degradation was clear: “[T]he degree of human intervention, often in the service of business interests and consumerism, is actually making our earth less rich and beautiful, ever more limited and grey.”





In July, Pope Francis delivered his fiercest condemnation of contemporary capitalism to date, addressing an assembly of political and community activists in Bolivia. Behind global capital’s indifference to the poor and the planet and all the “pain, death and destruction” it brings, he said, there lies “the stench of what Basil of Caesarea—one of the church’s first theologians—called ‘the dung of the devil.’ An unfettered pursuit of money rules. The service of the common good is left behind.” In this “subtle dictatorship,” capital has become an idol. In response, Francis called for change—“real change, structural change”—using the word no fewer than 32 times. Land, lodging and labor were “sacred rights,” and working for their “just distribution” was a “moral obligation” and, for Christians, a “commandment.”

Such talk has had an immediate impact in American politics. The AFL-CIO’s policy director Damon Silvers, who is not a Catholic, said: “I couldn’t recall any leader of any religion in my lifetime speaking so plainly about economic justice and how that is at the core of how we human beings are supposed to treat each other.” At the other end of the political spectrum, Fox News’ Greg Gutfeld, a former altar boy, labeled the pope “the most dangerous man on the planet.” Big Catholic donors like American billionaire Ken Langone, working to raise $180 million for the restoration of St. Patrick’s Cathedral in New York, have been so upset by the pope’s unvarying pronouncements that they warned cardinals that wealthy Catholics might stop giving to the church. The pope’s aversion to red-blooded capitalism is just too apocalyptic for America’s tycoons—overlooking the curative powers of technology, ignoring the way the free market had lifted millions from poverty and refusing to consider that Catholic teaching on contraception is partly to blame for our overcrowded planet.

Yet Francis’ supporters argue that he is not advocating a specific political program; rather than taking political sides, he is trying to open people’s minds to the generosity, openness and inclusiveness of the gospel. “It’s not Marxism,” one cardinal told me. “It’s classic Catholic social teaching, as developed by previous popes.” What, after all, is Francis’ joyful embrace of the poor and the rejected—kissing a man with a terrible skin disease, visiting thousands of African migrants washed up on Europe’s shores in Lampedusa, Italy—but an echo of Jesus of Nazareth?

It’s this appeal to ordinary people that underscores just how bold Francis’ agenda truly is. He addresses his message not only to Catholics but, as his documents have insisted, to “all people of good will.” His call for society to break with “compulsive consumerism” and move to a more “sustainable” pattern of life will affect thousands of Catholic schools, parishes and hospitals throughout the United States and the world. But his plea that rich nations should turn down the air-conditioning, embrace carpooling and make other lifestyle changes has the capacity to enthuse many who do not normally look to Catholic moral theology for inspiration.

And it has left free-market advocates and politicians around the world with a troubling question: What if the people actually respond?",1
1902,Bernie Sanders to announce 2016 intentions on Thursday,"Sanders, an independent senator who caucuses with Democrats, has been inching towards a presidential run for months by traveling the country and speaking to liberal groups in critical presidential states like Iowa, New Hampshire and South Carolina.

Sanders' Senate office would not comment on his 2016 plans, but the source close to the senator said Sanders' Thursday announcement will likely be subdued.",1
908,The problem with Cruz and Kasich aligning to stop Donald Trump,"Sunday night's public proclamation that Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas and Ohio Gov. John Kasich had reached a truce aimed at ceding states to one another was not predicted but also entirely predictable. With his failure to gain any delegates in New York, Cruz is no longer able to win enough pledged delegates to clinch the nomination — a position in which Kasich has found himself for weeks. So the only viable path to the nomination for each is a contested convention — which necessitates that Donald Trump not win enough delegates to clinch it himself.

And so, on Sunday, the public revelation that the two candidates would split upcoming states. Cruz will be cleared to win Indiana — with Kasich canceling upcoming events in the state — and Cruz will allow Kasich to win in Oregon and New Mexico. Each needs Trump to fall short of the 1,237 delegates it would take for him to win the nomination, with Cruz poised to potentially win on the second ballot and Kasich, in a more nebulous set of circumstances, to win somewhere else down the line. Allowing for Cruz to gobble up as many of Indiana's 57 delegates as he can and for Kasich to scoop up Oregon and New Mexico's 52 would put a dent in the 391 delegates Trump still needs to hit 1,237.

But the plan isn't as foolproof as it might seem.

The two made it public in part so that the various super PACs supporting each candidate would get the message. As our Matea Gold notes, Kasich's announcement was explicit in suggesting to his super PAC supporters that they should allow Cruz to win Indiana, writing in his statement that the campaign ""would expect independent third-party groups to do the same and honor the commitments made by the Cruz and Kasich campaigns."" But the announcement was also meant to present a united Not Trump front, of the kind that Trump opponents have been seeking for a while (though usually by virtue of hoping either Cruz or Kasich dropped out).

The problem, though, is that the math is much trickier than simply handing one state to Cruz and another to Kasich.

Let's start with Indiana. It was one of the four states that we identified in March as being key to the Republican contest by virtue of the number of delegates it offers. Two of those four, New York and Pennsylvania, will have voted by Wednesday morning, with Trump almost certainly winning over 100 of the pledged delegates the two have to offer. (Most of Pennsylvania's delegates are unpledged, meaning they could vote for Casper the Friendly Ghost, if inclined to do so.) The fourth state still outstanding is California, which we'll get to.

A Fox News poll released Friday showed Trump with an eight-point lead over Cruz in Indiana. But FiveThirtyEight's forecast, including factors besides polls, has Cruz as a slight favorite. Trump has won most of the states around Indiana (save Ohio) by small margins, and Cruz should similarly be close in the state. Getting Kasich out of the picture means that the state's delegates — given out to whoever wins the state or its nine congressional districts — are much more likely to go to Cruz. Indiana has 8 percent of the delegates left to acquire and 15 percent of the delegates Trump needs to clinch. Handing them to Cruz would be a big win for those who want a non-Trump nominee.

The delegates in Oregon and New Mexico, though? Ehh. There hasn't been good polling in either state recently, but each state allocates its delegates proportionally. Meaning that if Trump would get, say, 33 percent against Kasich's 33 and Cruz's 33, consolidating behind Kasich so that he gets 66 percent of the delegates doesn't really subtract from Trump's total at all.

Where the two really need to stop Trump is in winner-take-all states such as New Jersey (where Trump currently has the support of a majority of the state's Republicans). That's 51 delegates — 13 percent of what Trump still needs — that Cruz and Kasich want to disrupt. And the big prize, California, where the winner of the state gets 13 delegates and the winner of each of its 53 congressional districts gets three. The idea, apparently, is that Kasich and Cruz might target specific congressional districts? That's optimistic.

After all, Cruz tried to target specific districts in New York and still got goose-egged. Those Fox polls released Friday showed Trump with a wide lead in the state, making the task for Kasich and Cruz trickier. Kasich had only about $1.1 million on hand at the end of March, meaning that his ability to campaign anywhere, much less in specific congressional districts, is limited. (It's part of the reason that his pulling out of Indiana helps his campaign.)

This also raises the question of how much of an effect the will of the candidates might actually have on the outcomes. There's a lot of talk about strategic voting, particularly from surrogates, but there's not much evidence that voters really care. Here are the apparent talking points for Cruz's campaign, via the Wall Street Journal's Reid Epstein:

That's political finger-crossing. Primary voters are more engaged than your average voter, but will thousands of Cruz supporters in Oregon mark their ballots for Kasich simply to help fulfill the campaigns' grand strategies? If I were a betting man, which I am, I'd probably take the under.

What's at the heart of this plan is the simple fact that Trump's got a narrow path to those 1,237 delegates. There are a number of scenarios where he hits the mark and perhaps more where he doesn't. Cruz and Kasich have little choice but to try to keep him from getting there and have few options for doing so beyond trying to parcel out states like poker chips.

But as the Republican Party has learned repeatedly since the Iowa caucuses Feb. 1, voters are impressively immune to the whims of party poobahs. Cruz and Kasich need Trump to fail in his push for delegates. This could theoretically help. It could also be another few strands of spaghetti, clinging tenuously to the wall for a brief instant, but then, like so many strands before them, dropping to the ground, impotent. At least, Cruz and Kasich can say they tried.",1
68,The Overwhelming Stress of Being Denied a Bathroom,"A recent viral video showed a woman wielding a Bible overhead and marching through a Target, ringing out her message through the brightly lit aisles. “I’m a mother of 12 and I’m disgusted by this wicked practice,” she cried. “Mothers, get your children out of this store … it’s a dangerous place!”

The woman, who has not been identified, is not the only one incensed by Target’s announcement that it would allow transgender customers to use the restroom that matches their gender identity. More than 700,000 people have pledged to boycott the store. Target’s move, meanwhile, was seen as a response to a new North Carolina law that requires people in government buildings to use the bathroom that corresponds with the sex on their birth certificate—in effect forcing post-transition transgender people to use the bathroom of the opposite sex.

The idea that children, especially girls, will somehow be hurt by relieving themselves alongside transgender women has been one of the main arguments of the law’s proponents. In the words of Texas Senator Ted Cruz, “Men should not be going to the bathroom with little girls.”

There’s no evidence that municipalities that have protected trans people’s restroom access have seen a spike in public-safety issues. But according to some studies, not having protected restroom access can be harmful for trans people.

According to a study by Georgia State University’s Kristie L. Seelman, being denied bathroom access is correlated with an increased risk of suicide attempts among trans people.

Transgender people have said bathroom access is one of their “most pressing challenges,” Seelman writes in the study, which was published in February in the Journal of Homosexuality. Trans people have reported getting stared at or being asked to leave, something that causes them “great stress,” according to researchers. Seelman highlights an earlier study of 93 trans people that found 68 percent had been verbally harassed in bathrooms, and 9 percent were physically assaulted.",1
1280,Clinton Gets Back In The Game After Blowout Loss To Sanders In N.H.,"Clinton Gets Back In The Game After Blowout Loss To Sanders In N.H.

Just 48 hours after his landslide win in New Hampshire, Bernie Sanders was in Milwaukee, Wis., reminding everyone how far he had come in his quest for the presidency — and perhaps realizing how far he still has to go.

It was a night both candidates could feel good about. Hillary Clinton had more than ample opportunity to show off her mastery of policy, while Sanders' progressive passion was on display as well. As in the five previous meetings between the two, it was Sanders' big vision versus Hillary Clinton's store of knowledge. It was Sanders' idealism soaring and Clinton's realism bringing it to earth. It was his inspiration versus her preparation.

""The American people have responded to a series of basic truths,"" said Sanders in his opening statement. ""We have today a campaign finance system which is corrupt, which is undermining American democracy, which allows Wall Street and billionaires to pour huge sums of money into the political process to elect the candidates of their choice.""

Sanders said Americans understand that the economy is rigged, that ordinary workers are putting in longer hours for less pay and that income growth is going almost entirely to the top 1 percent of incomes.

Clinton stressed from the start that she wanted to ""knock down all the barriers that are holding Americans back, and to rebuild the ladders of opportunity that will give every American a chance to advance, especially those who have been left out and left behind.""

The packed house of Democratic activists on the campus of the University of Wisconsin, Milwaukee was strongly supportive of one candidate or the other — and at least receptive to both. They loved Clinton's two potshots at the state's Republican governor, Scott Walker.

Clinton scored the governor for his battles with labor unions, especially those representing public employees, and said she doubted governors such as Walker would support Sanders' goal to provide free tuition for all at public colleges and universities. Both times, the local crowd of Democrats roared its approval.

And while Sanders had moments guaranteed to make his core supporters ecstatic, he did not dominate the evening as one might expect the 22-point winner of the first primary to do. Part of that was Clinton's persistent cool, which included her answer when asked why 55 percent of the women in New Hampshire had just voted for Sanders.

""I have spent my entire adult life working toward making sure that women are empowered to make their own choices — even if that choice is not to vote for me,"" Clinton said. ""I believe that it is most important that we unleash the full potential of women and girls in our society.""

Sanders also seemed the less disciplined of the two contenders. At one point, after Clinton had made a ""once I'm in the White House"" reference, Sanders shot back: ""Well, Secretary Clinton, you're not in the White House yet."" While it might have pleased his partisans, the remark drew some audible disapproval in the hall.

Sanders also indulged in several asides of a historical nature, tipping his hat to Teddy Roosevelt, Franklin Roosevelt and Winston Churchill, and ripping into former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger, whom Clinton had cited as someone she listened to.

Still another factor hovering over the proceedings was the coming shift in the demographics of the early-state primary voters. Both the upcoming Democratic contests (Nevada caucuses on Feb. 20, South Carolina primary on Feb. 27) have far more Latino and African-American voters than Iowa and New Hampshire. They also have fewer progressive activists and far less penchant for underdogs. Neither borders either candidate's home state.

The importance the candidates place on these more diverse constituencies was readily apparent in the answers and examples both gave on Thursday night. Sanders talked about the criminal justice system, the disproportionate incarceration of African-Americans and Latinos and the exaggerated difficulty of finding jobs in minority communities.

Sanders said that once he is able to increase taxes on Wall Street and other centers of wealth, he would be able to provide ""jobs for millions of young people"" and also education to equip them for those jobs. At that point, he said in response to a question, race relations in the U.S. would ""absolutely"" be better than they have been in the Obama era.

Clinton, for her part, cited the late Nelson Mandela, the legendary leader of South Africa, as her foreign role model in international affairs. But she also repeatedly used her relationship with President Obama as both a human shield and an advertisement for herself.

Questioned about accepting campaign contributions from Wall Street, she noted that Obama had done the same in 2008 and yet still enacted laws Wall Street opposed. When Sanders again dinged her for voting to authorize force against Iraq in 2002, she noted that Obama — like Sanders — had opposed the invasion, yet still tapped her for Secretary of State when he took office.

Clinton also attacked Sanders for praising a book that said Obama in office had disappointed progressives and suggesting someone from the left should challenge his re-nomination in 2012.

Sanders said any senator would have some disagreements with a president, but Clinton responded that Sanders' assessments of Obama as weak and failing the test of leadership were another matter. Sanders noted that Clinton herself had run against Obama in 2008.

The Sanders team also knows that before the next debate takes place, 11 states will have voted on March 1 — Super Tuesday — and another three states on March 5. By the time these two candidates take the stage together again, the race could look quite different.

Even now, the walloping Clinton took in the Granite State has barely cost her anything in the delegate count. She got a share of the delegates in both Iowa and New Hampshire. And she has been endorsed by a big majority of the so-called ""superdelegates,"" the elected officeholders and party officials who will have about a fifth of all the votes at the convention in July in Philadelphia.

All of which makes it important for Sanders to build on his Iowa and New Hampshire performances and maintain his momentum in the 16 states weighing in between now and that next debate on March 6 in Flint, Mich.",1
3303,The Senate's 46 Democrats got 20 million more votes than its 54 Republicans,"On Tuesday, 33 US senators elected in November will be sworn in by Vice President Joe Biden — including 12 who are new to the chamber. The class includes 22 Republicans and 11 Democrats, a big reason why the GOP has a 54-46 majority in the Senate overall.

But here's a crazy fact: those 46 Democrats got more votes than the 54 Republicans across the 2010, 2012, and 2014 elections. According to Nathan Nicholson, a researcher at the voting reform advocacy group FairVote, ""the 46 Democratic caucus members in the 114th Congress received a total of 67.8 million votes in winning their seats, while the 54 Republican caucus members received 47.1 million votes.""

Here's what that looks like in chart form:

This doesn't mean that the Republican majority is illegitimate or anything like that. Indeed, after 2008 and 2012, the tables were turned: Democrats got more Senate seats than their vote share suggested they should. The problem isn't that the deck is stacked in favor of Republicans. The problem is that the deck is stacked in favor of small states, which receive equal representation in the Senate despite dramatic variance in population. The Senate is a profoundly anti-democratic body and should be abolished.",1
3788,Hung jury in Jodi Arias sentencing phase removes possibility of death sentence,"The jury in the Jodi Arias case tasked with deciding whether she should be sentenced to life in prison or death for killing her lover nearly seven years ago was unable to agree on terms of sentencing Thursday, removing the possibility of a death sentence.

The judge declared a mistrial and will sentence Arias to either life in prison or a life term with the possibility of release after 25 years.

It marked the second time a jury has deadlocked on her punishment -- a disappointment for prosecutors who argued for the death penalty during the nearly seven-year legal battle against Arias.

Arias was convicted of murder in 2013 after a lengthy trial that became a sensation with its tawdry revelations about her relationship with victim Travis Alexander.

The victim's sister, Samantha Alexander, sobbed in court while the decision was announced.

The jurors deliberated for 26.5 hours over a five-day span. Earlier this week, Arias' attorneys said jurors were at an impasse, but the judge denied a mistrial request. A verdict does not rule out the possibility of a hung jury.

Arias stabbed and slashed Alexander nearly 30 times, slit his throat so deeply that she nearly decapitated him, and shot him in the forehead. She left his body in his shower at his suburban Phoenix home where friends found him about five days later.

She initially denied having anything to do with the killing. She later admitted that she killed Alexander but claimed it was self-defense after he attacked her. Prosecutors said it was premeditated murder carried out in a jealous rage after he wanted to end their affair and planned a trip to Mexico with another woman.

That jury deadlocked on her punishment, prompting the sentencing retrial that began in October.

Chris Hughes, a friend of Alexander, told KPHO that a hung jury would be frustrating.

""My personal opinion is that she earned the death penalty,"" Hughes said. ""I would be OK with life in prison, if she never gets out again, but she deserves the life of a death row inmate.""

The day she was convicted of murder, Arias gave a jailhouse interview with a local Fox reporter in which she said she'd rather have the death penalty. ""I believe death is the ultimate freedom,"" she said.

The Associated Press contributed to this report",1
1980,Chris Christie Bolsters Political Team as Allies Launch Super PAC,"New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie is bulking up his political team in preparation for a likely presidential bid, adding three veteran operatives who played senior roles in George W. Bush’s re-election.

The Christie team is expanding its political operation as his allies launch a super PAC to raise large sums from wealthy supporters in order to advertise and conduct voter outreach on behalf of the New Jersey governor, in what most expect to be a prolonged and expensive nominating fight.",1
2291,The Fear of Being Gay in Russia,"Moscow’s first gay pride parade was held in May 2006, thirteen years after homosexuality was decriminalized in Russia. It was supposed to be a joyous occasion, the beginning of a new era of openness for the LGBT community.

It didn’t quite work out that way. LGBT marchers that day clashed with riot police, who tried to stop the event. “We disturbed something very deeply rooted in Russian society, some very evil power of intolerance and violence,” says Nikolai Baev, a prominent LGBT rights activist who attended the march.

Only a few months later, Russia saw its first regional anti-gay law passed in Ryazan, 200 miles east of Moscow. It was the first official sign that the Russian authorities would resist the LGBT movement—a resistance that has grown and become increasingly violent as LGBT activism has grown over the last decade.

That violence hit Dmitry Chizhevsky in November 2013 when he attended a weekly meeting for the LGBT community and friends called the Rainbow Tea Party in Saint Petersburg. “It was a place to socialize, drink some tea and play some games,” Chizhevsky says. It wasn’t a political event, and Chizhevsky wasn’t much for protests.

The old town had a hectic feeling that weekend as the 10 th Annual March Against Hatred took place in the city’s gracious main streets. The next day, on November 3, the tea party was more crowded than usual.

“I saw two guys next to the door wearing masks,” Chizhevsky recalls. “After that I heard shots. The first one hit my eye. They yelled, ‘Where will you run, faggot?’ and one hit me several times with a baseball bat. Then the attackers ran away. One of the small balls [from a pneumatic pistol] stayed behind my eye.” The police ran a rather lackluster investigation and no one was ever arrested.

He became an unsolved statistic—just one of a growing number in Russia’s LGBT community who’ve been attacked or harassed in what has become an unprecedented crackdown. In most of the West, gay rights has seen startling breakthroughs in the last decade. Russia has not just been left behind, but has become demonstrably worse and more dangerous, according to more than two dozen individuals we spoke with in five Russian cities over six weeks of reporting. On the local and national level, a series of so-called anti-gay propaganda laws were passed that made it illegal to discuss LGBT themes with minors or to distribute such information to them, even if it dealt with health issues.

In a country that increasingly punishes the “other” and where violence against select groups and individuals is often tolerated—and even encouraged—by the state, there’s become no greater target than being LGBT. A community that was just beginning to organize found itself under assault, the target of a deep-seated Russian homophobia that had now been embedded in law.

And for Chizhevsky, although he thought about staying in his native land, the price of being gay in Russia was ultimately just too high. Like more and more gays and lesbians over the last two years, Chizhevsky had had enough of Russia, a place where his sexual orientation alone seemed to make him an enemy of the state.

“Sometimes I don’t know how I feel about it,” Chizhevsky says about the trauma of that day. “I feel that I have gotten used to it over the past year. I am thinking more about the opportunities ahead and the future I want to build” in the United States. In July 2014, a little more than six months after the attack, Chizhevsky arrived in New York.

A self-educated software developer, Chizhevsky made his way to Washington, D.C., where he discovered an LGBT community that was out and open and living without fear. Chizhevsky decided to try to make a life here and to seek political asylum in the United States.

He was one of many Russian gays and lesbians to make that trek. U.S. asylum applications from Russians rose 15 percent overall in 2014, when there were 969 new cases. The U.S. government does not release the reasons people seek asylum, but asylum seekers like Chizhevsky say the spike is at least in part a result of the crackdown on the LGBT community.

“Everyone says that my case is not very difficult because it has been so well documented,” Chizhevsky says over coffee at Busboys and Poets on 14 th Street in Northwest D.C. “Even the United Nations asked Russia about my case”—a fairly typical part of the process since asylum seekers need to prove that they are in danger at home.

Despite the trauma, Chizhevsky is one of the lucky ones. LGBT activists interviewed in Moscow, Saint Petersburg, Kazan and Archangelsk say there is a pitched level of anxiety for those who stay behind. “All of a sudden, people started calling us Sodomites,” says Tatiana Vinnitchenko, 41, a lesbian activist with a group called “Rakurs” (Perspective). Rakurs is a non-profit, non-governmental organization that provided legal advice and community centers for the LGBT community in Arkhangelsk, which lies some 600 miles from Moscow and is the site of Russia’s first major seaport.

Vinnitchenko says she expects to be fired this  month from her job as a professor at Northern Arctic Federal University because of her activism. A Russian language instructor, Vinnitchenko says she’s been given an ultimatum: “I had to leave my job or stop my activities in Rakurs.” Leonid Shestakov, the acting rector at the university, says there have been “conversations of a personal nature held with Vinnitchenko,” but focused only on the performance of her duties.",1
2995,Federal court: NSA phone record collection is excessive,"The National Security Agency's bulk phone record collection program was dealt a blow Thursday as a federal appeals court said the controversial program exceeds what Congress has allowed and urged lawmakers to step in.

A three-judge panel of the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Manhattan permitted the National Security Agency program to continue temporarily as it exists, and all but pleaded for Congress to better define where the boundaries exist.

""In light of the asserted national security interests at stake, we deem it prudent to pause to allow an opportunity for debate in Congress that may (or may not) profoundly alter the legal landscape,"" the opinion written by Circuit Judge Gerald Lynch said.

Attorney General Loretta Lynch and other Obama administration officials said they are reviewing the decision, while civil liberties-minded lawmakers cheered the ruling.

""This is a monumental decision for all lovers of liberty,"" Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., a Republican presidential candidate, said in a statement.

The ruling comes at a key time, with relevant provisions of the Patriot Act set to expire June 1 and Congress debating potential changes.

Paul on Thursday reiterated his call for Congress to repeal the relevant Patriot Act provisions. The House is planning a vote on the USA Freedom Act, a bill that would effectively end bulk data collection and curb other provisions of the Patriot Act. But in the Senate, Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has said he's pursuing a ""clean"" extension of the law.

Thursday's ruling said that if Congress decides to authorize the collection of data as it is done now, ""the program will continue in the future under that authorization.""

But the judges added: ""If Congress decides to institute a substantially modified program, the constitutional issues will certainly differ considerably from those currently raised.""

The appeals judges said the issues raised in a lawsuit by the American Civil Liberties Union illustrated the complexity of balancing privacy interests with the nation's security.

A lower court judge in December had thrown out the case, saying the program was a necessary extension to security measures taken after the Sept. 11, 2001, terror attacks. The appeals court, which heard two hours of arguments by lawyers in December, said the lower court had erred in ruling that the phone records collection program was authorized in the manner it was being carried out.

During the December arguments, the judges said the case would likely be decided by the U.S. Supreme Court.

A spokesman with the White House National Security Council said they are ""evaluating the decision. ""

The spokesman stressed that President Obama ""has been clear that he believes we should end the Section 215 bulk telephony metadata program as it currently exists by creating an alternative mechanism to preserve the program's essential capabilities without the government holding the bulk data,"" and said, ""We continue to work closely with members of Congress from both parties to do just that.""

In 2013, secret NSA documents were leaked to journalists by contractor Edward Snowden, revealing that the agency was collecting phone records and digital communications of millions of citizens not suspected of crimes and prompting congressional reform. Snowden remains exiled in Russia.

A spokeswoman for government lawyers in New York declined to comment Thursday.

The ACLU did not immediately respond to a request for comment.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2162,Hillary Clinton speech to attack Donald Trump's 'dangerous' foreign policy plans,"Hillary Clinton plans to attack Donald Trump’s national security plans in a major speech on foreign policy on Thursday, as the frontrunners campaign in California ahead of the state’s primary next week.

Clinton’s campaign said the speech, which will be delivered in San Diego at 11.30am local time, will draw a clear line between the former secretary of state’s plans and those outlined by Trump, which include having Mexico pay for a border wall that its president, Enrique Peña Nieto, said his country would not support, and temporarily banning Muslims from entering the US.

Clinton campaign senior policy adviser Jake Sullivan said the speech would outline why Trump was “fundamentally unfit” to be president.

“And you will hear in her speech a confidence in America and our capacity to overcome the challenges we face while staying true to our values – a strong contrast to Donald Trump’s incessant trash-talking of America,” Sullivan said.

Clinton’s campaign has said it expects to secure the final delegates she needs to officially become the party’s nominee after the California and New Jersey primaries on 7 June.

“She will rebuke a litany of dangerous policies that Trump has espoused,” Sullivan said, “ranging from nuclear proliferation to endorsing war crimes, from denouncing Nato to banning Muslims.

“But Clinton’s critique will go beyond specific policies and she’ll make clear that the choice in this election goes beyond partisanship. Donald Trump is unlike any presidential nominee we’ve seen in modern times and he is fundamentally unfit for the job.”

Clinton’s campaign has steered its plan of attack towards Trump while fending off the other remaining Democratic hopeful, Bernie Sanders.

Clinton has 2,312 delegates, including 543 super delegates, to Sanders’ 1,545 delegates, including 44 super delegates, according to the Associated Press.

Clinton did not mention Sanders on in a Wednesday night speech at Rutgers University in New Jersey, in which she called Trump a “fraud”.

Her remarks focused on newly released documents that show Trump’s defunct business training program, Trump University, encouraged staff to target prospective students’ financial weakness in order to move them to enroll in expensive courses.

“This is just more evidence that Donald Trump himself is a fraud,” she said. “He is trying to scam America the way he scammed all those people at Trump U.”

The same day, Barack Obama delivered a hit on Trump in a speech in Elkhart, Indiana. The US president told his audience a Trump presidency would increase the risk of a financial crisis.

“The Republican nominee for president has already said he’d dismantle all these rules that we passed,” Obama said, referring to Wall Street reform. “That is crazy.”

Trump is also ampaigning in California. Speaking in Sacramento on Wednesday night, he responded to Obama’s claims from earlier in the day by calling the president “a total lightweight”.",1
4709,‘Take The Money!!’: Emails Show How Clinton Campaign Manages Lobbyist Donations,"The latest batch of emails released by WikiLeaks provides a rare glimpse into how Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton’s campaign handles money from U.S. lobbyists who are registered agents for foreign interests.

In an email chain with the subject, “Re: Foreign registered agents,” various figures in her presidential campaign discuss the best way to handle donations from U.S. lobbyists who are registered agents for foreign parties.

The chain features Dennis Cheng, national finance director for the Clinton campaign, asking, “We really need make a policy decision on this soon – whether we are allowing those lobbying on behalf of foreign governments to raise $ for the campaign. Or case by case.”

The emails continue with a debate about the best way to manage lobbyists working for foreign interests who want to raise money for the campaign.

Jesse Ferguson, deputy national press secretary and senior spokesman for Clinton, tries to understand just how much money is up in the air. “Is there anyway to ballpark what percent of our donor base this would apply to (aka how much money we’re throwing away) Cost benefits are easier to analyze with the costs. :)”

The emails feature a list of foreign agents that the Clinton campaign was worried about possibly excluding from fundraising, including people lobbying on behalf of Somalia, United Arab Emirates, Kurdistan, the Transitional Government of Libya, and the Republic of Iraq, among others.

Later, Cheng seems worried about losing this potential fundraising, writing, “Hi all – we do need to make a decision on this ASAP as our friends who happen to be registered with FARA are already donating and raising. I do want to push back a bit (it’s my job!): I feel like we are leaving a good amount of money on the table (both for primary and general, and then DNC and state parties)… and how do we explain to people that we’ll take money from a corporate lobbyist but not them; that the Foundation takes $ from foreign govts but we now won’t. Either way, we need to make a decision soon.”

Finally, Robby Mook, campaign manager for Clinton, writes, “Marc made a convincing case to me this am that these sorts of restrictions don’t really get you anything…that Obama actually got judged MORE harshly as a result. He convinced me. So…in a complete U-turn, I’m ok just taking the money and dealing with any attacks. Are you guys ok with that?”

Jennifer Palmieri, director of communications for Clinton’s campaign, responds to that email, “Take the money!!”

Editor’s note: This post has been updated

Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected].",1
1386,"Iowa caucus results: Ted Cruz wins, Hillary Clinton declares victory","(CNN) Hillary Clinton declared victory early Tuesday morning in a razor-thin contest against Bernie Sanders in Iowa. But Democratic party officials have not yet declared a winner.

""Hillary Clinton has won the Iowa Caucus,"" the Clinton campaign said. ""After thorough reporting -- and analysis -- of results, there is no uncertainty and Secretary Clinton has clearly won the most national and state delegates.""

The state party indicated in a separate statement that it was not ready to make a call.

""The results tonight are the closest in Iowa Democratic caucus history,"" Iowa party chairman Andy McGuire said. ""We will report that final precinct when we have confirmed those results with the chair.""

One thing is clear after Monday night's Iowa caucuses: there's a long, volatile election season ahead before two deeply fractured parties can unite behind a nominee.

Cruz's victory sets him up as a formidable force in delegate-rich, Southern states to come and offers movement conservatives hope that one of their own can become the Republican nominee for the first time since Ronald Reagan.

Claiming victory, Cruz fired immediate shots at both Trump and the party elites he has so infuriated by waging an anti-establishment crusade that has nevertheless endeared him to the GOP's rank and file.

""Iowa has sent notice that the Republican nominee and the next President of the United States will not be chosen by the media, will not be chosen by the Washington establishment,"" Cruz said.

With about 99% of the GOP vote in, Cruz was ahead of Trump 28% to 24%. Rubio was at 23%.

""It is breathtaking to see what happens when so many Americans stand up and decide they're fed up with what happens in Washington and they want something different. They want a leader they can trust, they want a leader that stands for them against the corruption of Washington,"" Cruz told CNN's Dana Bash in an interview aired Tuesday on ""New Day.""

Trump, hours after predicting a ""tremendous"" victory, delivered a short but gracious speech that lacked his normal bombast, saying he loved Iowa and vowed to bounce back next week in New Hampshire.

""We will go on to get the Republican nomination and we will go on to easily beat Hillary or Bernie,"" Trump told supporters. ""We finished second, and I have to say I am just honored.""

Rubio will also leave Iowa with a leg up over other establishment rivals including former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and Ohio Gov. John Kasich, who have a lot at stake in New Hampshire.

""This is the moment they said would never happen. For months, they told us we had no chance,"" a jubilant Rubio said. ""They told me that I needed to wait my turn, that I needed to wait in line. But tonight here in Iowa, the people of this great state have sent a very clear message — after seven years of Barack Obama, we are not waiting any longer to take our country back.""

On the Democratic side, Clinton and Sanders are deadlocked at 50% with 99% of the votes counted. Clinton, the national front-runner, admitted breathing a ""big sigh of relief"" after escaping Iowa -- the state she handily lost to Obama in 2008 -- but promised a vigorous campaign with Sanders.

""It's rare that we have the opportunity we do now,"" she said in a speech that didn't explicitly claim victory but sought to position her as the authentic progressive in the race.

Sanders, who trailed Clinton in Iowa by 30 points three months ago, told a raucous crowd chanting ""Bernie, Bernie"" that his campaign made stunning progress.

""Nine months ago, we came to this beautiful state, we had no political organization, we had no money, we had no name recognition and we were taking on the most powerful political organization in the United States of America.""

""And tonight,"" he said, ""while the results are still not known, it looks like we are in a virtual tie.""

Though Sanders fared well in Iowa and is nicely posited in New Hampshire, his hurdle is proving that he can appeal to more ethnically diverse electorates in later contests in places such as South Carolina.

Sanders made the case to CNN's Chris Cuomo, when he campaign plane landed in New Hampshire early on Tuesday morning, that he expects to challenge Clinton among nonwhite voters.

""We lost (the nonwhite vote), but that gap is growing slimmer and slimmer between the secretary and myself. I think you'll find as we get to South Carolina and other states, that when the African-American community, the Latino community, looks at our record, looks at our agenda, we're going to get more and more support,"" Sanders told Cuomo on ""New Day.""

The caucuses resulted in two casualties -- one on each side. Former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley, a Democrat, and former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee, a Republican, both dropped their candidacies after faring poorly.

Even before the caucuses began, Ben Carson's campaign said he wouldn't go directly to New Hampshire or South Carolina -- the site of the next primary contests. Instead, the retired neurosurgeon, who was briefly the Iowa front-runner last fall, will go to Florida to rest and see his family.

Former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum is also skipping New Hampshire but will go straight to South Carolina, which holds its Republican presidential primary on February 20.",1
3856,"Obama Spends Earth Day In The Everglades, Taunting Republicans On Climate Change","""2014 was the planet's warmest year on record. Fourteen of the 15 hottest years on record have all fallen in the first 15 years of this century,"" Obama said. ""Yes, this winter was cold in parts of our country, including Washington. Some people in Washington helpfully used a snowball to illustrate that fact. But around the world, in the aggregate, it was the warmest winter ever recorded.""

It's of course a huge coincidence that the visit is in the backyard of two Republican presidential hopefuls who have been squishy on the subject of climate change, and a Republican governor who reportedly told state employees they can't even use the words ""climate change.""

""Climate change can no longer be denied,"" Obama said. ""It can't be edited out. It can't be omitted from the conversation. And action can no longer be delayed."" 

 

 Ahead of the visit, White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest told reporters on a call that Obama would ""use the occasion of Earth Day to highlight his commitment to fighting to protect public health and to fighting the carbon pollution that contributes to climate change."" And the president picked Florida, Earnest said, because it's a place ""where these kinds of issues have traditionally been bipartisan.""

Earnest was coy about the fact that Florida also happens to be the home of former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and Sen. Marco Rubio, two likely Republican presidential contenders who haven't been as enthusiastic about climate action. Bush has said he's a ""skeptic"" when it comes to climate change, while Rubio says he doesn't believe human activity is causing the planet to heat up.

The president, Earnest said on the call, hopes the visit ""will prompt an elevated political debate about making climate change a priority."" However, he added, the trip is ""not an effort to go to anyone's home state, but to raise the debate.""

Earnest maintained that Obama's visit ""isn't about campaigns, this is about making progress on a priority."" But he also noted that ""the Republicans who choose to deny the reality of climate change, they do that to the detriment of the people they're elected to represent.""

Florida Gov. Rick Scott (R), also no big fan of the concept of climate change, has taken to Twitter to criticize Obama's Everglades visit. Scott argued that the president should do more to get federal funding for Everglades restoration, because, he said, ""Our environment is too important to neglect.""

Earnest fired back against Scott on Wednesday. ""It's a little tough to take criticism from someone who has banned the words 'climate change' for the accusation that the president has been insufficiently committed to fighting climate change,"" he said, referring to reports that Florida officials were forbidden from using the terms ""global warming"" and ""climate change"" in official communications. ""That's a tough case to make, but it sounds like that didn't stop him.""

The White House also used the occasion to tout the benefits of the National Park Service, which will celebrate its 100th anniversary next year. A new report from the NPS released Wednesday finds that every dollar invested in the parks returns $10 to the U.S. economy through tourism and other related industries. The NPS reported a record 293 million visitors in 2014.",1
1785,Donald Trump doesn't challenge anti-Muslim questioner,"Trump, who has shaken off several high-profile controversies that would have ended other presidential campaigns, faced an immediate backlash from advocacy groups, and members of his own party distanced themselves from the GOP front-runner. The incident recalls Trump's 2011 quest to challenge Obama on where he was born, which ended with Obama releasing his long-form birth certificate. It also follows a debate performance Wednesday that garnered mixed reviews for the billionaire businessman.

""We have a problem in this country. It's called Muslims,"" an unidentified man who spoke at a question-and-answer town hall event in Rochester, New Hampshire asked the mogul at a rally Thursday night. ""You know our current president is one. You know he's not even an American.""

A seemingly bewildered Trump interrupted the man, chuckling, ""We need this question. This is the first question.""

""Anyway, we have training camps growing where they want to kill us,"" the man, wearing a ""Trump"" T-shirt, continued. ""That's my question: When can we get rid of them?""

""We're going to be looking at a lot of different things,"" Trump replied. ""You know, a lot of people are saying that and a lot of people are saying that bad things are happening. We're going to be looking at that and many other things."" The real estate mogul did not correct the questioner about his claims about Obama before moving on to another audience member. White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest condemned the remarks Friday, but added ""Is anybody really surprised that this happened at a Donald Trump rally?"" The audience members comments and Trump's response were quickly denounced by Democrats. Hillary Clinton, the party's front-runner for president, personally tweeted late Thursday that Trump's remarks were ""just plain wrong,"" and followed up on it Friday morning at a press conference. ""I was appalled,"" Clinton said bluntly to a question from CNN's Suzanne Malveaux. ""Not only was it out of bounds, it was untrue. He should have from the beginning corrected that kind of rhetoric, that level of hatefulness."" Rep. Keith Ellison, the first Muslim elected to Congress, called the incident a sign of ""a lack of moral courage."" ""I don't know if Trump is using dog-whistle politics to win support in the polls, or if he genuinely believes the racist things he says. Either way, he showed a complete lack of moral courage in that clip, and he has shown once again that he completely unqualified to be President of the United States."" ""GOP front-runner Donald Trump's racism knows no bounds. This is certainly horrendous, but unfortunately unsurprising given what we have seen already. The vile rhetoric coming from the GOP candidates is appalling,"" Schultz said. ""(Republicans) should be ashamed, and all Republican presidential candidates must denounce Trump's comments immediately or will be tacitly agreeing with him."" READ: Chris Christie: I would have said Obama is Christian After the event, several reporters asked Trump why he didn't challenge the questioner's assertions. Trump did not answer. But Corey Lewandowski, Trump's campaign manager, later told CNN that the candidate did not hear the question about Obama being a Muslim. ""All he heard was a question about training camps, which he said we have to look into,"" Lewandowski said. ""The media want to make this an issue about Obama, but it's about him waging a war on Christianity."" Trump announced Friday that he would cancel his trip to South Carolina, citing ""a significant business transaction."" New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie said Friday that he would not ""lecture"" Trump on how to respond to comments like that, but said that leaders are responsible for correcting voters on certain issues. ""I'll tell you what I would do and I wouldn't have permitted that if someone brought that up at a town hall meeting of mine. I would have said, 'No, listen. Before we answer let's clear some things up for the rest of the audience.' And I think you have an obligation as a leader to do that,"" Christie said on NBC's ""TODAY"" Friday. RELATED: Misperceptions persist about Obama's faith, but aren't so widespread Obama, who has spoken openly about his Christian faith, was born to an American mother and Kenyan father in Hawaii. But Trump has been one of the leading skeptics of Obama's birthplace, saying he did not know where Obama was born as recently as July A recent CNN/ORC poll found 29% of Americans believe Obama is a Muslim, including 43% of Republicans. Trump is not the first Republican candidate to raise eyebrows over comments involving Obama and his ethnic and religious background. In February, Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker became embroiled in a brief controversy when he told The Washington Post that he didn't know if Obama was a Christian. ""I've never asked him that,"" Walker said. A spokeswoman later clarified that he did believe Obama was Christian, but disagreed with the media's obsession with ""gotcha"" questions. And in 2008, Republican presidential nominee John McCain was booed after he famously told an audience member at a campaign event that Obama was a ""good family man."" ""He's a decent family man ... (a) citizen that I just happen to have disagreements with on fundamental issues,"" McCain said then. ""That's what this campaign is all about.""",1
5113,"Trump claims GOP nomination, tells struggling Americans 'I am your voice'","Just over a year after Donald J. Trump descended his iconic escalator in Manhattan to announce he was joining a packed field of political veterans seeking the Republican nomination for president, the New York billionaire completed an astonishing and historic political ascent Thursday night in Cleveland, officially claiming his party’s nomination — and declaring to struggling Americans, “I am your voice.”

Trump electrified the convention crowd on closing night, with chants of “U.S.A.” frequently breaking out as the nominee vowed to put “America first.” He used the speech to align his campaign squarely on the side of struggling American workers of all political stripes, as he moved to broaden his appeal beyond the Republican base that largely decided the primaries.

“Every day I wake up determined to deliver for the people I have met all across this nation that have been ignored, neglected and abandoned. … These are people who work hard but no longer have a voice,” Trump said. “I am your voice.”

And he delivered a tough law-and-order message throughout, declaring from the convention floor in Cleveland, “Safety will be restored” under a Trump presidency.

“America will finally wake up in a country where the laws of the United States are enforced,” Trump vowed.

He described the nation at a “moment of crisis,” citing terror attacks, violence against police and “chaos in our communities” including rising inner-city crime. “I will restore law and order to our country,” he said, while vowing to crack down on illegal immigration.

Trump’s highly anticipated speech -- at 75 minutes, the longest convention acceptance address since 1972‎ --  amounts to his closing argument before Clinton and the Democrats get their turn starting Monday in Philadelphia. As much as Republican leaders bashed the presumptive Democratic nominee in Cleveland, Democrats are likely to be just as tough on the Republicans at their convention.

The next big step for Clinton, though, will be to name her running mate, a decision that could come as early as Friday.

But before the attention turns to Clinton, Trump got in his final shots.

The businessman closed his address by turning rival Clinton’s “I’m with her” campaign slogan on its head.

“I choose to recite a different pledge. My pledge reads, I’m with you,” Trump said.

He blasted Clinton’s foreign policy record as secretary of state – citing the bloody tumult in Iraq, Syria, Egypt and Libya – saying her legacy is “death, destruction, terrorism and weakness” and a “change in leadership” is needed.

“Hillary Clinton’s legacy does not have to be America’s legacy,” he said.

And defending his aversion to political correctness, he said for anyone who wants to hear “the corporate spin, the carefully crafted lies, and the media myths, the Democrats are holding their convention next week -- go there. But here, at our convention, there will be no lies.”

Trump also cycled through his campaign promises, including the controversial calls to build a southern border wall and “immediately suspend immigration from any nation that has been compromised by terrorism until such time as proven vetting mechanisms have been put in place.”

He added, “We don’t want them in our country.”

Trump vowed as well to protect LGBTQ citizens from terrorism like the Orlando club shooting. In a moment that allowed him to show his gay-rights support, Trump thanked the crowd for cheering that line: “It is so nice to hear you cheering for what I just said.”

The speech caps a dramatic convention week marked by powerful displays of party unity but also tensions, flaring most recently when Ted Cruz withheld his endorsement Wednesday night.

The omission prompted boos from pro-Trump delegates, and the unrest continued into Thursday, when the Texas senator defended his decision before an audience of Texas delegates clearly divided over Cruz’s handling of the convention speech.

At the same time, Trump’s newly anointed running mate Mike Pence deftly set the stage for Trump’s big night, effectively making the conservative case for the billionaire businessman in his own nomination acceptance speech on Wednesday. The choice of Pence – a classic conservative with Midwestern roots – helped bring various factions of the party together even before the convention began.

Despite the Cruz commotion, top party leaders from House Speaker Paul Ryan to RNC Chairman Reince Priebus worked to heal divisions in the party over the course of the Cleveland coming-together.

“He’s brought millions of new voters to our party because he’s listening to Americans” anxious about the state of the country, Priebus said. “With Donald Trump and Mike Pence, America’s ready for a comeback after almost a decade of Clinton-Obama failures.”

Priebus claimed Republicans are the party with new ideas, while Democrats are the “same party doing the same old thing,” trotting out the “same old candidate” next week.

Members of Trump’s family also spent the week giving voters a glimpse into the tycoon’s more personal side, with daughter Ivanka introducing her father Thursday night. Appealing to women, she praised the businessman’s record supporting female employees at his organization. And touting her dad as a tireless fighter who can bring his work ethic and aptitude to the nation’s highest office, Ivanka asked all voters to put their faith in him.

“For more than a year, Donald Trump has been the people’s champion, and tonight he is the people’s nominee,” she said. “… When my father says he’ll make America great again, he will deliver.”",1
2526,Claire McCaskill Accuses Marco Rubio Of Shirking Principles On Immigration,"Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-Mo.) knocked Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) on Sunday for backing away from his push for comprehensive immigration reform, saying on ABC's ""This Week"" that he had ""folded like a cheap shotgun.""

Rubio, who announced his bid for president last week, has gotten heat from some conservatives for co-authoring an immigration reform bill that would allow some undocumented immigrants to eventually become citizens, along with ramping up border security and enforcement measures.

He then said in February that he'd since learned a comprehensive approach was the wrong one, and that border security should be done separately and before other reform.

McCaskill said, ""He took a principled, courageous stand on immigration reform"" while helping to draft the bipartisan bill that passed the Senate in 2013 -- but then dropped those principles.

""Then the minute his party's base starting chewing on about it, the minute Rush Limbaugh criticized him, he folded like a cheap shotgun,"" she said. ""That's old politics. That's not what we need right now. That is the stalest trick in the book. That is shirking on your principles because of the political necessities of your party.""

Rubio said on CBS's ""Face the Nation"" in an interview that aired on Sunday that it was wrong to say he ""walked away from"" immigration reform.

""Well that's not an accurate assessment,"" he said. ""What I'm saying to people is we can't do it in a massive piece of legislation, and I know because I tried. We understand that we have to deal with 12 million human beings that are in this country, that have been here longer than a decade. We know we have to deal with this. We are not prepared to deal with it until first you can prove to us that this will never happen again.""

""Well that's a hypothetical that will never happen,"" Rubio said, reiterating he would first ask for border security and enforcement bills.

Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.), who is considering a run for president and is another author of the 2013 immigration bill, also referred to Rubio's shift on immigration Sunday in an interview with ""Fox News Sunday."" When he was asked to give his thoughts on Rubio, he threw in a slight dig while praising the senator.

""He embraced immigration reform,"" he said. ""He seems to have backed off -- I'll let him explain why. I think comprehensive immigration reform, securing our border and dealing rationally with the 11 million [undocumented immigrants], is the only way you're going to solve this problem.""",1
2445,"Obamacare Is Back At The Supreme Court, And These 6 Lives Hang In The Balance","bamacare is back before the Supreme Court in a case that could gut the health care law and leave millions of Americans facing severe consequences.

King v. Burwell, a lawsuit that originated in conservative and libertarian think tanks, alleges that a stray phrase in the Affordable Care Act -- “an exchange established by the state” -- means the federal government isn’t allowed to provide subsidies to the residents of states that refused to establish health insurance exchanges under the law.

Only 13 states and the District of Columbia have their own exchanges. If this bid to derail the Affordable Care Act succeeds, the subsidies would disappear -- maybe immediately, maybe a little later -- for Obamacare enrollees everywhere else.

Behind the numbers, however, is a very human story. Without the subsidies, health insurance costs would spike beyond the means of low- and moderate-income recipients. As a result, close to 10 million people would lose their health coverage. Many others would face major increases in the premiums they pay for insurance.

The Huffington Post interviewed six Americans at risk of the worst effects of a high court ruling against Obamacare. We wanted to know how the law has affected their lives already, and how the absence of subsidies might affect them in the future. They told stories of life and death, financial ruin, lifelong plans in jeopardy and families disrupted. Here are those stories, as told by the people who would be living them.",1
1326,4 Things The New Hampshire Primary Will Tell Us,"4 Things The New Hampshire Primary Will Tell Us

New Hampshire voters go to the polls Tuesday, and they will resolve a lot of questions. Here are four things the first-in-the-nation primary will tell us:

1. How much damage did the last debate do to Marco Rubio?

Rubio came into New Hampshire with a head of steam. He quickly moved into second place in the polls, and there was even some hope he could overtake Donald Trump in the Granite State. But then, the needle got stuck on his talking points in the ABC debate on Saturday, earning him the worst reviews of his — until now — charmed presidential run.

Eager to dispel the perception that he's ""a broken record in an empty suit,"" Rubio's campaign has been denying the debate was a disaster — and lowering expectations. In an interview with NBC on Monday, Rubio seemed to be giving up on his hope of becoming the clear establishment alternative to Trump and Cruz after New Hampshire, saying the race was going to go for a while longer. Few tracking polls were in the field after Saturday's debate, so it's hard to measure whether Rubio's shaky performance hurt him with voters. We'll find out tonight.

He certainly did in Iowa, where his lead disappeared at the end. Trump has said he wasn't even familiar with the term ""ground game,"" but has now invested more in get-out-the-vote infrastructure in New Hampshire. Still, he is relying most on his own popularity — he's called himself ""the product"" — and his commanding lead in the polls. No poll has shown Trump's big lead in New Hampshire sliding, but New Hampshire voters are famous for making fools of pollsters — and front-runners.

Clinton expects to lose to Bernie Sanders. Tomorrow's results will tell us by how much. Margins matter. Her minuscule victory in Iowa gave her no momentum at all in New Hampshire. So a big, double-digit win for Sanders would give him a huge boost heading into next week's Nevada caucuses, where the Clinton campaign is hoping its union-based ""firewall"" is still strong.

If she can close the gap in New Hampshire — even by a little — and hold Sanders' lead to single digits, she will be able to boast that she pulled off a little bit of yet another Clinton comeback.

4. How much (or how little) will the GOP field shrink?

Before Saturday's debate, many people were expecting the GOP field post-New Hampshire to be a three-man race — Trump, Ted Cruz and Rubio. But if one or more of the governors place in the top three, or even four, they may refuse to drop out until after South Carolina.

Ohio Gov. John Kasich, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and New Jersey's Chris Christie all say they are going on to South Carolina, but if they don't place in the top tier, their fundraising will evaporate, and there will be tremendous pressure on them to get out. New Hampshire voters could decide how big the GOP field is going forward.",1
4523,"32,000 emails recovered in IRS targeting probe amid allegations agency chief may have lied","Investigators said Thursday they have recovered 32,000 emails in backup tapes related to the Internal Revenue Service targeting of conservative organizations.

Though they don't know how many of them are new, they told a congressional oversight committee that IRS employees had not asked computer technicians for the tapes, as directed by a subpoena from House oversight and other investigating committees.

That admission was in direct contradiction to earlier testimony of IRS Commissioner John Koskinen.

“It looks like we’ve been lied to, or at least misled,"" said Rep. John Mica, R-Fla. at a congressional hearing Thursday evening,

IRS Deputy Inspector General Timothy Camus, who testified alongside Inspector General J. Russell George, said his organization was investigating possible criminal activity. He did not elaborate, other than to suggest a key factor is whether documents were intentionally withheld.

The emails were to and from Lois Lerner, who used to head the IRS division that processes applications for tax-exempt status. Last June, the IRS told Congress it had lost an unknown number of Lerner's email when her computer hard drive crashed in 2011.

At the time, IRS officials said the emails could not be recovered. But Camus said investigators recovered thousands of emails from old computer tapes used to back up the agency's email system, though he said he believed some tapes had been erased.

""We recovered quite a number of emails, but until we compare those to what's already been produced we don't know if they're new emails,"" Camus told the House Oversight Committee.

Neither Camus nor George would describe the contents of any of the emails at Thursday's hearing.

The IRS says it has already produced 78,000 Lerner emails, many of which have been made public by congressional investigators.

Camus said it took investigators two weeks to locate the computer tapes that contained Lerner's emails. He said it took technicians about four months to find Lerner's emails on the tapes.

Several Oversight committee members questioned how hard the IRS tried to produce the emails, given how quickly independent investigators found them.

""We have been patient. We have asked, we have issued subpoenas, we have held hearings,"" said Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, chairman of the Oversight Committee. ""It's just shocking me that you start, two weeks later you're able to find the emails.""

Though the IG's office is looking at possible criminal activity, Washington, D.C.-based attorney Patrick O'Donnell said the Justice Department would have the final say on whether anyone at the IRS would face charges. O'Donnell, who has worked on government enforcement matters, told FoxNews.com the IG's office typically refers their recommendation to the DOJ, though in some cases the IG will work in tandem with the DOJ throughout an investigation.

At the hearing, Rep. Carolyn Maloney, D-N.Y., questioned the significance of the recovered emails in an exchange with Camus.

""So as I understand it from your testimony here today, you are unable to confirm whether there are any, to use your own words, new emails, right?"" she asked Camus.

Maloney: ""So what's before us may be material you already have, right?""

Maloney. ""So may I ask, why are we here?""

The IRS issued a statement saying the agency ""has been and remains committed to cooperating fully with the congressional oversight investigations. The IRS continues to work diligently with Congress as well as support the review by the Treasury inspector general for tax administration.""

The IRS estimated it has spent $20 million responding to congressional inquiries, generating more than one million pages of documents and providing agency officials to testify at 27 congressional hearings.

The inspector general set off a firestorm in May 2013 with an audit that said IRS agents improperly singled out Tea Party and other conservative groups for extra scrutiny when they applied for tax-exempt status during the 2010 and 2012 elections.

Several hundred groups had their applications delayed for a year or more. Some were asked inappropriate questions about donors and group activities, the inspector general's report said.

The week before George's report, Lerner publicly apologized on behalf of the agency. After the report, much of the agency's top leadership was forced to retire or resign, including Lerner. The Justice Department and several congressional committees launched investigations.

Lerner's lost emails prompted a new round of scrutiny by Congress, and a new investigation by the inspector general's office.

Lerner emerged as a central figure in the controversy after she refused to answer questions at two House Oversight hearings, invoking her Fifth Amendment right not to incriminate herself at both hearings. At the first hearing, Lerner made a statement saying she had done nothing wrong.

Last year, the House voted mostly along party lines to hold her in contempt of Congress for refusing to answer questions at the hearings.

Fox News' Doug McKelway and The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2434,Superbug cases spur FDA warning on dirty medical scopes,"WASHINGTON -- The Food and Drug Administration warned doctors and hospitals Thursday to use extra caution in disinfecting a hard-to-clean medical scope that has been linked to the spread of powerful ""superbugs"" in outbreaks across the country.

The agency said that even meticulous cleaning of the duodenoscopes, which are used on about 500,000 patients a year, may not entirely eliminate the risk. And it advised doctors and hospitals that it is studying possible solutions, including new disinfection protocols.

The FDA announcement followed a report from Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center that seven patients — including two who died — were infected with the superbug CRE in an outbreak tied to contaminated duodenescopes. The hospital said in a statement that as many as 179 patients who had undergone procedures using the scopes were potentially exposed to the bacteria from January 2013 to January 2014.

The UCLA cases are the latest of several CRE outbreaks nationwide that have been linked to duodenoscopes, which are used to treat gallstones, certain cancers and other disorders in the digestive system. USA TODAY first reported on the outbreaks in an investigation published last month, and other cases have come to light since.

CRE bacteria are formally known as Carbapenem-Resistant Enterobacteriaceae, reflecting their resistance to carbapenem antibiotics — the last line of defense in the medical toolbox. While it is possible that other infections also may be transmitted from contaminated duodenoscopes, CRE cases generate particular concern because of their risks -- fatality rates for patients with CRE infections can run as high as 40%-50%.

""Meticulously cleaning duodenoscopes prior to high-level disinfection should reduce the risk of transmitting infection, but may not entirely eliminate it,"" the FDA said in its advisory. It noted that the agency is working with duodenoscope manufacturers ""to identify the causes and risk factors for transmission of infectious agents and develop solutions to minimize patient exposure.""

The scopes are used for a procedure called ERCP, or Endoscopic Retrograde Cholangiopancreatography, in which the devices are used with contrast dyes and X-rays to help doctors locate and treat blockages in the bile and pancreatic ducts. The scopes have ""elevator"" mechanisms at their tip that control tiny tools used to trim tissue or insert stents.

While there are surgical options for much of the work done in ERCP procedures, the duodenoscopes typically are considered the less invasive and less dangerous option.

Colleen Schmitt, a physician and president of the American Society for Gastrointestinal Endoscopy, says that ERCP remains a relatively safe procedure that generally carries lower risks of complications than surgery.

""Some of these patients (needing ERCP) are very sick and to take them into a surgical procedure could be risky,"" she says, noting that ERCP is ""less invasive than surgical options.""

Still, she says, more research is needed ""so we can be sure we understand the scope of this (infection) problem,"" as well as the best strategies for minimizing risks to patients. In the meantime, she adds, the society is looking to raise awareness among doctors and hospitals on the need for special attention in cleaning duodenoscopes.

Lawrence Muscarella, a biomedical engineer and independent consultant who advises hospitals on endoscope safety, says more need to be done to advise patients of the risks so they can make informed decisions on their treatment options. He also called for better tracking of infections associated with contaminated duodenoscopes, noting that many outbreaks likely are going unreported.

The FDA says in its advisory that it is aware of 135 patients nationwide who may have contracted bacterial infections from contaminated endoscopes. However, the agency acknowledges that ""it is possible that not all cases have been reported.""

USA TODAY's investigation identified three CRE outbreaks linked to duodenoscopes -- in Pittsburgh, Chicago and Seattle. Another outbreak subsequently was reported in Philadelphia. In the UCLA case, like the others, fatalities of infected patients couldn't necessarily be linked directly to the CRE, because most of those patients had other conditions that also could have contributed to their deaths.

In the Seattle outbreak, which occurred in 2012 and was particularly large, 32 patients were diagnosed with CRE and seven died within 30 days -- a window health officials used in identifying potentially associated deaths. Another four patients who had the infection died later.",1
1126,The 8th Democratic Debate In 100 Words (And 4 Videos),"The 8th Democratic Debate In 100 Words (And 4 Videos)

In Miami and on Univision, the eighth Democratic debate focused heavily on issues important to Latinos. It meant Sanders and Clinton parted ways with Obama, promising to end deportations. Clinton was asked some tough questions, including whether she would suspend her campaign if she was indicted over her email issue. ""It's not going to happen,"" Clinton said. ""I'm not even answering that question."" Sanders was faced with a video in which he praised Fidel Castro. He said despite all the bad, Cuba did make strides in health and education. The two sparred again on her Wall Street speeches. The highlights:

That's the quickie version of what happened in the eighth Democratic presidential debate of the 2016 race Wednesday night. The politics team has wall-to-wall coverage.",1
4718,Donald Trump threatens to jail Hillary Clinton in second presidential debate,"A cornered Donald Trump prowled the presidential debate stage on Sunday, threatening to jail an opponent he called “the devil” in a last-ditch bid to staunch his hemorrhaging campaign hopes.

Swaying malevolently behind Hillary Clinton as she parried attacks on everything from her husband’s sex life to Wall Street and her foreign policy judgment, the Republican dominated the night but made little effort to seduce new voters.

Instead, he began the night by assembling a group of women in a press conference to revisit alleged sexual assaults by Bill Clinton, before confronting his opponent hardest on her private email server.

“OK Donald, I know you are into big diversion tonight,” shot back Clinton. “Anything to get away from your campaign and how Republicans are deserting you.

“Everything you have heard from Donald just now is not true. I am sorry to keep saying this but he lives in an alternative reality,” she added.

The Democratic frontrunner fired off occasional attacks of her own, accusing Trump of being in the pocket of Vladimir Putin, but looked rattled by the brutal onslaught over her record in office.

Trump, embracing the spirit of the “lock her up” mob chants at his rallies, threatened: “If I win I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation – there has never been so many lies and so much deception,” he threatened.

Clinton said it was “awfully good” that someone with the temperament of Trump was not in charge of the law in the country, provoking another Trump jab: “Because you’d be in jail.”

“She got caught in a total lie and now she is blaming the lie on the late, great Abraham Lincoln,” added Trump as Clinton attempted to defend leaked Wall Street speech transcripts.

The Republican’s leonine menace even turned on the moderators at Washington University, demanding half a dozen times why they were interrupting him but not asking tougher questions of Clinton.

Within moments of the candidates meeting on stage – without shaking hands – the night sank into an ugly war of words between two nominees devoid of civility, a spectacle unlike any presidential debate in recent memory.

After briefly sticking to general talking points about Barack Obama’s record and the need to “make America great again”, Trump was easily baited into a contentious exchange with Clinton.

The sparring followed shortly after Trump was asked to address the recently leaked 2005 video which captured him bragging about groping women without their consent. The former reality TV star apologized, saying he was “embarrassed by it”, but brushed off as “locker room talk” the unguarded content that has sent dozens of Republican lawmakers fleeing from his candidacy.

“I have great respect for women. Nobody has more respect for women than I do,” Trump said.

Clinton responded that the leaked video revealed “what he thinks about women, what he does to women”.

“He has said that the video doesn’t represent who he is. But I think it’s clear to anyone who heard it that it represents exactly who he is,” Clinton said.

“With prior Republican nominees for president, I disagreed with them. Politics, policies, principles … but I never questioned their fitness to serve,” she added. “Donald Trump is different.”

The real estate mogul was visibly fuming, scowling and pacing as Clinton spoke. Shedding any semblance of contrition over the video, Trump pounced on the indiscretions of Bill Clinton while raising unproven accusations that the former president had assaulted women.

“There’s never been anybody in the history of politics that’s been so abusive to women,” Trump said. “Mine are words and his are action.”

Declining to hit back, Clinton invoked first lady Michelle Obama’s memorable speech at the Democratic national convention in July: “When they go low, we go high.”

But Trump was in no mood to switch gears. His rejoinder to Clinton’s criticism of Trump’s rhetoric against immigrants, Muslims, prisoners of war and women was to falsely pin conspiracy theories surrounding Obama’s birthplace on Clinton’s 2008 campaign – even though Trump rose to political prominence on a crusade to obtain the president’s birth certificate.

The debate turned even chillier as the topic turned to Clinton’s use of a private email server as secretary of state – and Trump’s bulldozing attack caused damage.

“You ought to be ashamed of yourself,” Trump told his rival, jabbing his finger repeatedly in her direction.

Clinton once again attacked Trump for his praise for Vladimir Putin and noted the repeated cyber-attacks by Russian-backed hackers in an attempt to influence the election. “The Kremlin, meaning Putin and the Russian government, are directing attacks on American accounts to influence our election. WikiLeaks is part of that,” said Clinton. She added: “Never in history has a foreign power [worked] so hard to influence outcome of election.”

Trump responded by suggesting “maybe there is no hacking” and disclaimed any ties to Russia. “I don’t know Putin, I think it would be great if we got along with Russia but I don’t know Putin.” He went to insist: “I know nothing about Russia.”

Only right at the end of a verbally violent 90 minutes was there a brief truce when the candidates were asked to name one positive thing about each other. “I respect his children,” said Clinton after first throwing back her head and laughing.

“She doesn’t quit,” responded Trump. “She doesn’t give up. She’s a fighter and I consider that to be a very good trait.”

While the debate was widely characterized as both bitter and nasty, Clinton’s campaign was confident voters were capable of discerning the difference between the two candidates.

“There was only one president on the stage tonight,” Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon told reporters in the spin room.

“There was only one person that showed the demeanor, the temperament, the resolve and the discipline to actually be president.”

He then added of Trump: “Everything from his meandering answers on policy, which showed a complete lack of understanding on important issues like Syria and healthcare, to his body language on stage where he was menacingly stalking her during parts of her answers, suggested that this is not someone with the temperament to be president of the United States.”

Jason Miller, senior communications adviser to the Republican’s campaign, argued that when Trump “turned the Honest Abe question around on Mrs Clinton that was a knockout”.

Trump supporters in the spin room also stood by their candidate in the wake of the latest audio revelations. Ben Carson, a former primary season rival of the Republican nominee, insisted that when Trump made those remarks “that was a very different time in his life and at that time he was a billionaire playboy and the language that he used was consistent with that”.

Former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani also dismissed the wave of Republicans who had announced in the past 48 hours that they were no longer voting for Trump. “Sometimes Republicans get a little weak-kneed,” said Giuliani. “I happen to be a Republican with very strong knees.”

Only two Republican officials were in the spin room to praise Trump’s performance: longtime Trump ally Senator Jeff Sessions and congressman Jason Smith of Missouri. When asked about the paucity of Republican elected officials defending Trump after the debate, Smith told the Guardian: “I am reminded of what my grandfather told me, that ‘people will hurt you a lot to help themselves a little’ and elected officials that are willing to go out and have kneejerk reactions when they are losing the focus of issues, that is the problem.”

The Missouri Republican went on to dismiss those who have abandoned Trump, adding: “Most of the people who have been leaving were last to arrive and first to leave and what we have to know and remember as a party that we are fighting for principles and issues and don’t make personality such a big part.”

Nigel Farage, interim leader of the UK Independence Party, was also in the spin room to defend Trump and attack Clinton as a threat to democracy. “If you value democracy and if you value being in control of your own destiny then you have to reject Hillary Clinton’s ideas. Simple,” said Farage.

An hour before the debate started, Trump sought to distract attention away a newly released recording of him boasting of molesting women by staging a surprise stunt to highlight claims once made against his opponent’s husband.

Despite recently claiming that he would rather the second presidential debate be about “policy” rather than “in the gutter”, the Republican nominee held the extraordinary three-minute press event with four women who have accused Bill and Hillary Clinton of wrongdoing. One of them claimed: “Bill Clinton raped me and Hillary Clinton threatened me.”

Speaking in a conference room to handful of reporters in an event aired on Facebook Live, Trump appeared with Paula Jones, Juanita Broaddrick, Kathy Shelton and Kathleen Willey. Three of the four women have claimed inappropriate sexual contact with Bill Clinton, which he has denied. Shelton was the victim of a 1975 rape where Hillary Clinton was assigned by an Arkansas court to represent her assailant.

The women took turns in speaking after Trump praised them as very courageous. They then joined him in the debate hall as guests.

“We’re not surprised to see Donald Trump continue his destructive race to the bottom,” said Clinton spokeswoman Jennifer Palmieri in response to the press conference.

“Hillary Clinton understands the opportunity in this town hall is to talk to voters on stage and in the audience about the issues that matter to them, and this stunt doesn’t change that.”

The press stunt came just 48 hours after a tape was released of Trump making obscene boasts about using his fame to kiss and grope women without their consent. The tape caught Trump on a live microphone with then-Access Hollywood host Billy Bush in 2005, and includes the statement “I am automatically attracted to beautiful women. I just start kissing them. It’s like a magnet. Just kiss, I don’t even wait … and when you’re a star they let you do it. You can do anything.” Trump, who was then 59 years old and newly married to his third wife, Melania, added “Grab them by the pussy. You can do anything.”

Although the Republican nominee issued a videotaped apology after midnight on Friday, the mounting controversy has led to a growing number of Republicans to announce that they will not vote for Trump in November. These included the party’s 2008 nominee, John McCain, as well as a number of other senators in tight re-election battles including Rob Portman of Ohio and Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire.

Many have argued in favour of letting Trump’s running mate, Indiana’s governor, Mike Pence, fight the remainder of the election against Clinton, even though such a scenario remains highly unlikely under Republican party regulations.

Trump is struggling to overcome deep scepticism among women voters, which has led to plummeting poll numbers in recent days and risks putting his chances of winning the presidency out of reach.

Clinton appeared to be in a jovial mood following the debate, chatting and laughing with husband Bill and members of her staff at the front of her plane back to New York.

Before departing St Louis, she came back to talk to reporters. 



Asked if she was aware of Trump standing behind her as she answered questions, Clinton let out a laugh. “I could tell, yes,” she said. “Well, it was a very small space and I tried to give him space when he was talking to people. I would go back and lean up against my stool, but he was very present.”

She added: “I was surprised by the absolute avalanche of falsehoods. I really find it almost unimaginable that someone could stand and just tell falsehood after falsehood.

“You all remember Politifact said that he was the most untruthful candidate they’d ever evaluated … I think they said he was 70% untruthful and so I think he exceeded that percentage tonight.”",1
4804,Tics and tricks: Here's what Trump and Clinton's body language reveals,"When speaking, he sometimes holds his elbows into his body as if protecting something. He repeatedly gestures with an “A-OK’’-type sign, and waves his open palms back and forth, like he’s playing an accordion. He forces a smile — mouth corners up! — looks self-satisfied and insincere at the same time.

When speaking, she emphasizes a point by shaking a right fist with her thumb out on top — a gesture that wouldn’t be so distracting if it weren’t so reminiscent of the one from whom she apparently picked it up, her husband, the former president, at his most didactic.

When Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton debate Monday night, they’ll express themselves physically as well as verbally. Their body language — movements, posture, facial expressions — may inadvertently reveal as much about them as their words. Consultants call it “leakage.’’

It’s one thing to repeat talking points; it’s another to control the message you convey with your body. And it’s one thing to be coached on such nuances, as both candidates have been; it’s another to remember it with 100 million people watching.

Ruth Sherman, a prominent communications consultant and speaking coach, analyzed the candidates’ body language for the USA TODAY NETWORK.

Although Sherman admires Trump’s communications skills, some of his ticks and tendencies drive her crazy, because they distract an audience from his message (“It’s called ‘noise.’ You just get sick of it.’’) or contradict it.

• The self-hug. Trump gestures with his arms stuck out and elbows held unnaturally close to his sides. “It looks like he’s protecting something,’’ Sherman says — undesirable in one who claims to be a strong leader. (See 0:07-0:10)

• The A-OK. To the point of distraction, Trump forms his thumb and forefinger into the A-OK sign, except that the extra three fingers are curled instead of sticking out straight. (See 0:12-0:15)

• The chop. It’s what it sounds like, an annoying hand reflex that’s drummed out of every novice scholastic debater. (Starting at 0:12-0:15)

• The accordion. With his palms open toward each other, he moves his arms back and forth for emphasis, evoking those mechanical monkeys crashing the symbols.

• The grimace. With seemingly Herculean effort, Trump turns up the corners of his mouth. But the rest of his facial muscles are not cooperating — check the eyes. It undercuts credibility and looks incredibly uncomfortable.

Sherman says Clinton is well dressed and well groomed, uses her hands effectively and moves well. She particularly liked the way Clinton took the stage for her acceptance speech at the Democratic convention, moving from right to left and basking in applause from around the hall.

• The thumb-over. When most people make a fist, they tuck their thumb across their knuckles. But Clinton rests her thumb on top of her forefinger, which is fine — she doesn’t look like she’s going to slug anybody — but reminds us that the gesture was popularized by the 42nd president. (See 0:25-0:27)

• The shrug. Clinton sometimes gives a little shrug while she’s making a point, which suggests subconscious uncertainty about what she’s saying.

Sherman has more technical complaints about Trump’s body language, but feels he’s a much better performer and communicator than Clinton — partly because he practiced before a national reality TV show audience for 14 years and partly because he’s a natural.

However grating his Queens accent or distracting his idiosyncratic gestures, Trump has trained his audience to accept him as he is — “that’s Donald.’’

Since in a televised debate performance tops content, Sherman says, “it’s his to lose. Content is not enough. Words are not enough.’’

But didn’t words sink President Gerald Ford in 1976, when he said in a debate with Jimmy Carter that the Soviets didn’t dominate Eastern Europe? She chuckles. “Gerald Ford was no Donald Trump.’’

• QUIZ: Test your memory of general election debates

• INTERACTIVE: Decide the next president's path to the White House",1
2938,Obama ISIS war authorization: Request sent to Congress,"Washington (CNN) President Barack Obama on Wednesday made the case for Congress to formally authorize the use of military force in the war against ISIS, declaring that congressional passage of the measure makes the U.S. ""strongest"" in the fight, and that ""ISIL is going to lose.""

""Now, make no mistake, this is a difficult mission and it will remain difficult for some time,"" he said during an afternoon press conference. But, he added, ""Our coalition is on the offensive, ISIL is on the defensive and ISIL is going to lose.""

Obama, flanked by Vice President Joe Biden, Secretary of State John Kerry and Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel, outlined the parameters of the request he delivered to Congress earlier that day. He said the bill reflects ""our core objective to destroy ISIL,"" and includes authority for a ""systemic and sustained campaign of airstrikes,"" support and training for forces on the ground and humanitarian assistance.

He made clear, however, that the Authorization for the Use of Military Force, or AUMF, does not call for the deployment of ground troops in Iraq or Syria.

""I am convinced that the U.S. should not get back into another ground war in the Middle East -- it's not in our national security interest and not necessary for us to defeat ISIL,"" he said.

The joint resolution would limit the President's authority to wage a military campaign against ISIS to three years and does not authorize ""enduring offensive ground combat operations,"" according to text of the resolution.

The resolution would also sunset the 2002 AUMF that spawned the Iraq War. Obama withdrew American troops from Iraq in 2011, but the military authorization remains in effect.

The resolution drafted by the White House does not repeal the 2001 military force authorization that has served as the legal justification for the military campaign against ISIS and other U.S. military efforts to combat terrorism around the world.

The document also specifically notes that ISIS poses a ""grave threat"" to U.S. national security interests and regional stability.

And Obama detailed the ISIS threat in a letter to Congress accompanying the draft legislation.

""The so-called Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) poses a threat to the people and stability of Iraq, Syria, and the broader Middle East, and to U.S. national security,"" Obama writes. ""It threatens American personnel and facilities located in the region and is responsible for the deaths of U.S. citizens""

As in the draft resolution, Obama goes on to name the Americans killed in ISIS captivity, ""including James Foley, Steven Sotloff, Abdul-Rahman Peter Kassig, and Kayla Mueller.""

There is broad support in Congress for a formal AUMF, though lawmakers disagree on the scope of the military powers that should be handed to the President.

House Republican leaders were quick to dismiss the White House draft authorization as too limited, insisting that the President should have fewer limitations.

""If we are going to defeat this enemy, we need a comprehensive military strategy and a robust authorization, not one that limits our options,"" House Speaker John Boehner said in a statement Tuesday. ""Any authorization for the use of military force must give our military commanders the flexibility and authorities they need to succeed and protect our people...I have concerns that the president's request does not meet this standard.""

Boehner's No. 2, Rep. Kevin McCarthy, echoed Boehner's support for an AUMF as well as his criticism of the limits the White House's draft would impose.

""I am prepared to support an Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF) that provides new legal authorities to go after ISIL and other terrorist groups. However, I will not support efforts that impose undue restrictions on the U.S. military and make it harder to win,"" McCarthy said in a statement.

House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi took the opposite path during a press conference Wednesday.

""We hope to have bipartisan support for something that would limit the power of the President, but nonetheless protect the American people in a very strong way,"" Pelosi said.

Pelosi added that she hoped the three-year authorization would be longer than needed to defeat ISIS.

Pelosi also offered her support for repealing the 2002 authorization, another provision included in Obama's draft resolution.

""I don't see any reason -- in fact I actively support -- repealing the 2002 authorization. It was based on a false premise,"" Pelosi said. ""Nonetheless, it should go, and it should go now.""

Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky, who is staffing up for a potential 2016 presidential bid, took the opportunity to slam likely Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.

""I do really blame Hillary Clinton's war in Libya,"" Paul said Wednesday on Fox News referring to the NATO campaign to oust Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi authorized by Obama while Clinton was secretary of state.

Libya has erupted into civil war and has become a breeding ground for radical Islamic fighters, many of whom have left to join ISIS's ranks.

Paul also said the U.S. needs to supply more weapons to Kurdish fighters fighting ISIS in Iraq, but said the U.S. should refrain from getting involved in the war in Syria -- fearing weapons supplied to moderate fighters could get into ISIS's hands.

Paul has been at odds with his Republican colleagues on many aspects of foreign policy, especially in urging for a more restrained, and not limitless, authority to fight ISIS.

Obama urged Congress during his State of the Union address to formally authorize the military campaign to ""show the world that we are united in this mission"" and Secretary of State John Kerry urged Congress to swiftly pass the resolution.

""We are strongest as a nation when the Administration and Congress work together on issues as significant as the use of military force,"" Kerry said. ""This is a moment where Congress can make it clear all over the world that no matter differences on certain issues, at home we're absolutely united and determined in defeating ISIL.""

Obama again noted in his letter to Congress Wednesday that he already has the authority to fight ISIS, ""I have repeatedly expressed my commitment to working with the Congress to pass a bipartisan authorization for the use of military force"" against ISIS.

Obama also stressed that the White House's draft resolution would constrain the U.S. military effort and would not authorize ""long-term, large-scale ground combat operations"" like in Iraq and Afghanistan.

While Obama did not repeal the 2001 military authorization, he explained in his letter that he remains ""committed to working with Congress and the American people to refine, and ultimately repeal, the 2001 AUMF.""",1
5165,Donald Trump's Problems Are Much Deeper Than A Campaign Manager,"Donald Trump's Problems Are Much Deeper Than A Campaign Manager

Things are not going well for Donald Trump.



On Monday, he fired his campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski. Lewandowski ran the campaign on a shoestring budget and a strategy that was largely built off and fueled by the candidate's say-whatever personality and brand.

That worked great in a primary — not so much in a general election. But Trump's problems are far deeper than an embattled campaign manager, who just four months ago was described as Trump's ""alter ego.""

Trump's family stepped in Monday in a scene that could have been ripped from The Apprentice.

Lewandowski was summoned to a morning meeting, but it was a setup, New York magazine's Gabe Sherman reports:

Tension has persisted in the campaign between Lewandowski and a faction led by veteran political operative Paul Manafort, a former Ronald Reagan aide, who was brought on in the spring to manage a potential battle for delegates at the convention. But doubts started to grow about Lewandowski's management. The bottom line is Lewandowski didn't run a campaign that could win a modern-day presidential campaign.

Here were some of the problems:

Money: Trump didn't need much of it in the primary campaign. He was able to get himself on TV without much problem. But Trump, who claims to be worth $10 billion, vowed not to fund his general-election campaign. That, combined with Trump's lackluster fundraising, has made lots of Republicans wring their hands. At the end of May, Trump's campaign had just $1.3 million cash on hand — and owed Trump himself $45.7 million. That figure is so paltry, it's less than every Republican senator up for re-election in competitive races. In something of an exit interview on CNN Monday after his firing, Lewandowski bragged twice that ""the money is pouring in."" He said the campaign had raised some $6 million to $8 million at recent events.

Trump would have to raise that amount of money every single day for two to three months to total the $500 million he said he would need to fund a general-election campaign. And that's half of what most real campaigns for president would need nowadays. In 2012, Romney and Obama spent roughly $2 billion combined.

Travel: Trump wasted a monthlong advantage over Hillary Clinton when he had vanquished his rivals and she was still battling Bernie Sanders. Instead of focusing on traditional swing states, Trump traveled to states where he is likely to win or likely to lose.

Staff: Trump's campaign has fewer than 100 staffers. He boasts how ""efficient"" his operation is, with 73 employees. Clinton is estimated to already have around 800 paid staffers. Those are people who can be used to register voters and then get them to the polls in key states. You could believe Trump's boast that his campaign is more ""efficient"" and that his constant presence on TV compensates for a smaller staff. Or you could look to history: By August of 2012, Obama had 901 people on his payroll; Mitt Romney had 403.

And never mind the size of the staff; what is the campaign doing with them? Trump has eschewed data and behavioral analytics so far. That's something the Clinton team not only is all over, but something the Republican Party recognized was a problem after losing twice to Obama. The president broke the mold on this, and Republicans have tried hard to make up ground in the use of data.

Ads: Hillary Clinton and groups supporting her are spending more than $23 million on ads in eight key battleground states, according to NBC/SMG Delta.

For those who think it's still early, it's not really. Consider 2012 — back then, Romney and his allies were on air with almost $40 million in ads, compared with Obama and his supporters with $45 million. And one of the lessons of 2012 was that Romney allowed his opponents to define him with negative advertising early on. Trump's negatives are far worse than Romney's were at this point in the campaign.

But here's the reality: Blame the campaign manager all you want, he's not really the problem. Trump's problems go well beyond a campaign manager and straight to him. Problems in a campaign usually stem from the top, and that's especially true in this one.

Message: Trump has myriad problems, including a lack of policy depth, a dereliction of facts and an overall message — especially when he talks about race and identity — that has offended lots of voters he didn't have to worry about in a nearly all-white Republican primary. But a general election is a whole different ballgame. Some 14 million people voted for Trump in the primaries — a record. But Obama won almost five times as many votes in the 2012 general election (66 million).

Image: Trump may have been the Teflon Don with GOP voters, but he was Velcro with the rest of the country. Coming out of the primary, Trump's negative rating is higher than any other presidential candidate in history. And it has gotten worse in the past month following (1) his inflammatory comments that the presiding judge in the Trump University fraud case was biased because of his Mexican heritage and (2) the veterans fundraiser imbroglio. Trump donated $1 million only after the Washington Post reported there was no evidence he had done so as promised. That led to a press conference at which Trump called reporters names like ""sleaze"" and, derisively, ""a real beauty."" (Both reporters are children of Cuban immigrants.)

Disunity: All of that has led to a split with Republican Party leaders. Never before has the sitting speaker of the House called his party's presumptive nominee's comments ""racist"" (as Paul Ryan did with Trump's comments on the Trump U judge). Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell chided Trump to get on message and stick to the script. One Republican senator said he would not entertain any more Trump questions and others are refusing to defend him and even threatening not to support him.

Inconsistency And A Lack Of Discipline: Trump himself months ago had promised to be ""more presidential than anybody other than the great Abe Lincoln."" Back in March, on the night of the Michigan primary and five days after he became the first presidential candidate in history to defend the size of his genitalia during a live national presidential debate, Trump vowed, ""I could be more presidential than anybody. I can be more presidential, if I want to be, I can be more presidential than anybody.""

He called it ""easy."" It's proved to be not so easy. Instead, Trump seems to have an internal conflict choosing which self he wants to be. He delivered two wooden speeches, reading from a teleprompter twice in a week after GOP disunity came to a head. And then he was back to his free-wheeling self at a rally in Atlanta on Wednesday. His rambling speech went on for more than an hour, with Trump sometimes ducking out of incomplete thoughts midway through a sentence, sometimes coming back to them much later.

You just never know which Trump you're going to get — and both have their flaws.

Polls: Trump is now facing a minor collapse of his poll numbers against Hillary Clinton. After Trump wrapped up the nomination, he pulled even with Clinton, according to the Real Clear Politics average of the polls. (That was when the Democratic race was not yet settled.) Over the past month, Trump has dipped below 40 percent. Clinton holds, on average, a 6-point lead. Polls this far out are hardly predictive of what will happen in the fall, but the trend is unmistakable and worrying many in the GOP.

Besides the horse-race numbers are other worrisome figures for the GOP:

— An ABC/Washington Post poll found 70 percent of Americans dislike Trump, including 56 percent who have a ""strongly unfavorable"" view. That's unheard of. What's more, 9 in 10 Hispanics have an unfavorable view of Trump, including more than three-quarters who said so ""strongly.""

— A CBS/New York Times poll found that 41 percent said they thought Clinton had done something illegal with her emails and private server setup in her home. Yet Trump was pulling in only 37 percent against Clinton's 43 percent in a head-to-head matchup. That means Trump isn't even getting all of the people who thought Clinton had done something illegal.

All of this has led to ""Free the Delegates,"" the latest of the Stop Trump/Never Trump/Dump Trump movements.

""It's good news for us, bad news for the Trump supporters,"" contended Kendal Unruh, a delegate from Colorado, speaking Monday on MSNBC of Lewandowski's ouster. She's one of the leaders of ""Free the Delegates,"" which is encouraging the Republican National Committee to change its rules and allow delegates to vote their conscience at the convention.

""There is not a campaign, there is not an organization,"" Unruh said of the Trump team, adding, it would be ""impossible to win against Hillary Clinton"" with Trump on the ticket.

But Free the Delegates, like past Stop Trump efforts, is unlikely to succeed. It, too, has little organization. And, perhaps most importantly, no candidate.

""Zero chance of success, unless Ted Cruz, who controls almost 1,000 delegates, joins in,"" is how veteran GOP operative Charlie Black described the effort. Black worked for John Kasich's presidential campaign, but also has ties to Manafort, with whom he founded the lobbying firm Black, Manafort, Stone & Kelly. ""This likely will calm down before the convention.""

Another veteran strategist called it ""unlikely"" that the RNC rules would be changed to derail Trump and said it is ""highly improbable"" that most of the delegates would ""go against the will of millions of Republican primary voters.""

""The ball is the hands of one person, Donald Trump,"" said Danny Diaz, who managed Jeb Bush's presidential campaign. ""If he proves he can campaign without attacking fellow Republicans and employing divisive rhetoric, he will have few issues becoming the nominee, despite getting grudging support on the floor of the convention.""

If Trump continues to be critical of fellow Republicans, however, it's possible there could be at least a protest vote on the floor of the convention. Sure, Trump would still be the nominee, but the last thing the party wants is a demonstration of disunity shown live on national television months before voting.

Either way, Trump has a lot of work to do — and it starts with himself.",1
4542,"Obama's Presidential Library Will Be In Chicago, Foundation Announces","Obama's Presidential Library Will Be In Chicago, Foundation Announces

President Obama's presidential library will be in Chicago, his foundation announced on Tuesday.

""The future Presidential Center will include the library, museum, as well as office and activity space for the Foundation to inspire and engage citizens here and globally,"" the foundation said in a press release.

""It wasn't as easy for Chicago to win the Library as might be expected. The city had to scramble to find a solution when using park land for the location became an issue. Hawaii and New York also had strong bids, but Chicago is where President Obama grew up politically. He was a faculty member at the University of Chicago Law School for more than a decade.""

The foundation puts it simply: The Obama family was ""shaped by Chicago"" from their ""wedding day to Election Day.""",1
4373,Republicans are crossing a dangerous new line: sabotaging US foreign policy,"Throughout Barack Obama's presidency, Republicans in Congress have deployed a strategy that has worked remarkably well for them: oppose, obstruct, and sabotage the Obama administration at every turn.

""The single most important thing we want to achieve is for President Obama to be a one-term president,"" Republican Sen. Mitch McConnell, then the Senate minority leader, said in 2010.

A few months later, McConnell acknowledged that Republicans had decided to deny President Obama any bipartisan support, not because they necessarily opposed each and every initiative, but to hurt Obama politically. ""We worked very hard to keep our fingerprints off of these proposals,"" he said. ""Because we thought — correctly, I think — that the only way the American people would know that a great debate was going on was if the measures were not bipartisan.""

This strategy led Republicans to adopt largely unprecedented tactics of obstructionism and sabotage. But no matter how far they went, there was one line they always avoided crossing: undermining US foreign policy.

That line is now being crossed. Republicans, driven by earnest policy disagreements with Obama over his approach to Iran, are bringing the tactics they used to undermine Obama's legislative agenda into the previously sacrosanct realm of foreign policy.

""the GOP are blazing new trails in politicization of foreign policy — and debasement of their institutions""

Republicans are overtly sabotaging not just  Obama's Iran policy, but also his constitutionally enshrined authority over foreign policy. This is unprecedented. If the trend continues — Republicans have already extended their efforts to Obama's relationship with Israel — it endangers not just US policy toward the Middle East, but the very way that the United States makes foreign policy.

The possible implications for the United States and its role as global leader should worry Americans of every political stripe.

Until now, for all the tactics of obstruction Republicans used against Obama's legislative agenda, they generally treated foreign policy as sacrosanct. They got close only once before, when they threatened to block Obama's 2010 nuclear disarmament treaty with Russia. But they backed down when foreign policy graybeards from Henry Kissinger to Colin Powell told them to knock it off.

Republicans, after all, tend to prize America's role as the world's sole superpower. They see this as crucial to the future of the United States and would not put their own partisan political goals ahead of it. Even if they disagree with Obama's execution of foreign policy, and would say so openly, they refrained from sabotaging him in the way they had on domestic policy. Until the Iran talks.

Republicans are earnestly alarmed about the Obama administration's effort to negotiate a nuclear deal with Iran. They believe Iran is negotiating in bad faith and will exploit any deal to further its nuclear program. Though many analysts find this argument unpersuasive, it is a valid position, and it's fair play to oppose the Iran deal on those grounds. But that opposition has grown into something much bigger than that, and with consequences beyond Iran policy.

Republicans, joined by some Democrats, tried for months to pass new economic sanctions on Iran. The aim was clear: to kill the negotiations, humiliating Obama on the world stage in the process. The US is offering sanctions relief to Iran as part of any deal. By passing new sanctions while the talks are still ongoing, Congress would send the message that the president is not actually in charge of foreign policy and that the US cannot be trusted to uphold its word. Iran would have little choice but to walk away.

Republicans have not been able to pass new sanctions; Democrats, and even a number of Republicans, have seemed unwilling to so openly embarrass their own president on the world stage.

The moment the line was crossed came on January 8, when McConnell and House Speaker John Boehner took matters into their own hands. They secretly arranged for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who also opposes Iran talks and has a famously poor relationship with Obama, to speak to a joint session of Congress urging them to kill the negotiations.

Even Fox News was outraged: here was a foreign ally going behind the president's back, working with an opposition party to undermine the sitting president of the United States. And Republicans were helping him do it.

""We are sailing into uncharted waters,"" Robert Kagan, a prominent foreign policy hawk who worked in the Reagan-era State Department and later on John McCain's foreign policy team, wrote in an alarmed Washington Post op-ed. ""Bringing a foreign leader before Congress to challenge a US president’s policies is unprecedented.""

Kagan warned that in some ways, the even greater danger was that such tactics could well become routine: ""After next week,"" he wrote, ""it will be just another weapon in our bitter partisan struggle.""

After Netanyahu's visit, Republicans went further still. Forty-seven Republican senators signed an open letter, organized by superhawk Sen. Tom Cotton, to Iranian leaders hinting that they could blow up any deal between the US and Iran if they disapproved.

""Congress violates the Constitution by hosting the speech""

The mere act of senators contacting the leaders of a foreign nation to undermine and contradict their own president is an enormous breach of protocol. But this went much further: Republicans are telling Iran, and, by extension the world, that the American president no longer has the power to conduct foreign policy, and that foreign leaders should assume Congress could revoke American pledges at any moment.

""Iran's ayatollahs need to know before agreeing to any nuclear deal,"" Sen. Cotton told Bloomberg View, that ""any unilateral executive agreement is one they accept at their own peril.""

A foreign leader reading this letter — whether he or she is Iranian or not — is learning that you are better off walking away than trying to negotiate, in good faith or bad, with the United States of America.

""Between the Netanyahu invite and the Cotton letter, the GOP are blazing new trails in politicization of foreign policy — and debasement of their institutions,"" David Rothkopf, the CEO of the Foreign Policy group and a scholar at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, tweeted. (I've cleaned up the abbreviations common to Twitter.)

In some ways, it looks like Obamacare all over again. Much as Republicans attempted to stop or subvert Obamacare by undermining the institutions responsible for passing and implementing it, they are now seeking to stop or subvert the Iran negotiations by weakening US foreign policy itself. And much as their brinksmanship and obstructionism on Obamacare exacerbated the partisan polarization that has broken Congress, they are now risking similar damage to the ability of the world's lone superpower to conduct its foreign affairs — well beyond just Iran policy.

There are legitimate policy disagreements over Iran negotiations in Washington, so the line between principled policy opposition and unprincipled partisan sabotage can be blurry. It may help, then, to examine how Republicans' new approach is damaging a US policy that should be less controversial: support for Israel.

The bipartisan consensus on Israel goes back decades. Republican leaders, by inviting Netanyahu to Congress behind Obama's back, and by pressuring members of Congress to side with Netanyahu against their own president, are both exploiting and endangering that bipartisan consensus.

Republicans' hope is that by forcing members of Congress to choose between Israel and Obama, Congress will side with Israel, and thus against Obama. But the risk is that some will side with Obama and against Israel — many Democrats signaled as much by refusing to attend the speech — and that support for Israel will thus become an increasingly partisan issue.

As ""pro-Israel"" becomes increasingly coded as a Republican issue rather than a bipartisan one, it will likely help Republicans win certain races, but it will substantially erode the consensus on Israel and thus risk eroding US support for Israel. If you earnestly care about Israel, and about the US-Israel relationship, then this trend should alarm you.

A premise of Republican meddling on Iran and Israel is that Congress has a right — indeed, a responsibility — for oversight of some aspects of US foreign policy. This is true, and Sen. Cotton's letter points out as an example that the Senate will have to approve any formal treaty between the US and Iran.

Still, Congress' role in foreign policy is constitutionally quite limited. For over 200 years the president has been designated as the ""sole organ of the nation in its external relations, and its sole representative with foreign nations,"" as founding father John Marshall put it in an 1800 speech that the Supreme Court codified into constitutional law in 1936.

The idea of what became known as the ""sole organ"" doctrine is that the US government needs to be a single unified entity on the world stage in order to conduct effective foreign policy. Letting the president and Congress independently set their own foreign policies would lead to chaos.

There is disagreement over where constitutional law draws the line between what role Congress is and is not allowed in US foreign policy. But it seems awfully clear that House Speaker John Boehner going behind the president's back to negotiate with the Israeli leader violates at the very least the spirit of constitutional limits on Congress.

Indeed, a number of constitutional legal scholars — some of them quite conservative — have questioned the constitutionality of Republicans' actions.

David Bernstein of George Mason University wrote at the Washington Post that Boehner's invitation to Netanyahu ""violates constitutional norms that have been observed for generations"" and was contrary to the separation of powers. He explained, ""Direct diplomatic relations with foreign governments are exclusive in the executive."" Boehner disobeyed that.

Another constitutional scholar, Michael Ramsey, put it more simply: ""Congress violates the Constitution by hosting the speech."" The point is not that John Boehner is going to be dragged before the Supreme Court — he won't — but that Republicans crossed a line that wasn't just a matter of protocol, but of strict and meaningful constitutional limits in how foreign policy is conducted.

And that was before Sen. Cotton and 46 other Republican senators wrote the Iranian leader to tell him to disregard President Obama's promises.

It's worth pointing out there is a law specifically prohibiting US citizens from negotiating with foreign governments without official permission, and thus interfering in the foreign policy of the United States. Called the Logan Act, it's named for a state legislator who corresponded with French officials in 1798 without his government's permission because he disapproved of US policy toward France.

Cotton is not going to face prosecution for violating the Logan Act. ""No one is ever actually prosecuted under the measure,"" legal scholar Peter Spiro wrote recently. ""It’s more a focal point for highlighting structural aspects of foreign relations."" And that's the point: the letter goes way beyond the legally articulated limits on Congress' role in foreign policy.

The spirit of the Logan Act, like the ""sole organ"" doctrine, is meant to enforce the idea that the president is in charge of foreign policy. It's not supposed to be like legislation, where Obama and Congress fight it out on a somewhat level playing field. It's meant to be unified. Republicans, by trying to change that, are undermining the very premise of how US foreign policy is supposed to work.

The greatest harm, should Republicans continue this trend, would be to the ability of the US president to credibly conduct American foreign policy.

Even if you agree with Republicans that Obama's Iran talks are a bad idea, the fact that Republicans have gone beyond opposing a deal to overtly undermining US foreign policy should worry you. Republicans are now freelancing their own foreign policy, conducting shadow diplomacy with both Israel and Iran, dividing US foreign policy against itself.

Who, a foreign leader might reasonably ask, is really in charge in Washington? How can I risk negotiating with the US when Congress might sabotage any deal we strike? How can I make difficult, politically painful concessions to the US if Republicans might end up pulling out the rug from under me? How much can I really trust the US to uphold its word? How safe a bet is working with the Americans?

One of the central lessons of this dysfunctional era in American politics is that one side's overreach quickly becomes the other side's tactic. If you're a Republican, you should ask what you will think if these practices are normalized. What will you think when Democrats in Congress employ these tactics to undermine a Republican administration?

This is not to say that the world will shrug off American leadership; the US is still the Earth's most powerful and important country. But foreign policy is won or lost on the margins more often than you might think. International agreements can succeed or fail with just a smidge more or less trust between the parties. A major US foreign policy challenge this century will be competing for regional influence with powers such as China and Russia. If you're, say, the foreign minister of Myanmar, trying to decide whether to throw in with China or with America, you are going to be a little less likely to hedge toward the US if you think its foreign policy-making apparatus is fundamentally broken.

Throughout Obama's presidency, Republicans have frequently warned that he is projecting insufficient strength or will to maintain America's global standing. It seems odd, then, that their answer to this is to publicly undermine and humiliate the president — and thus sacrifice, for short-term partisan gain, the American resolve and leadership they see as so important for the world.

WATCH: 'Obama on his foreign policy goals - The Vox Conversation with the POTUS'",1
1204,Bully Backs Blowhard for President: Now Christie Likes Trump,"In a surprising move after Marco Rubio had a strong debate performance, Donald Trump unveiled the endorsement of Chris Christie.

Donald Trump is a burning inferno that thrives by sucking the oxygen out of the room. On Friday, he did it again by announcing the endorsement of New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, temporarily stepping on Rubio’s Terminator-like savagery of Trump in Thursday’s debate.

Nothing should shock in a presidential race that has been defined by its surprises, but the image of the bruising governor proudly standing behind the carrot-faced mogul at a press conference in Texas was jarring nonetheless.

“Generally speaking, I’m not big on endorsements,” Trump started, casually dismissive of the kind of establishment support his main competitor Rubio has received. “I could have had quite a few good ones. This was an endorsement that really meant a lot. Chris is an outstanding man with an outstanding family.”

Christie is also a man who has been blamed for allowing Atlantic City’s crime rate to skyrocket as his plan to turn around the casino city tanked. Trump also failed in Atlantic City with his Taj Mahal casino, which filed for bankruptcy in 2014.

According to Christie, the two came to a final decision about the endorsement and its rollout in a meeting Thursday but he had contemplated further involvement in the race when he returned home to New Jersey after a poor showing in the New Hampshire primary.

“I concluded along with Mary Pat and the children [to support] the person we thought to provide the best leadership for America and the person who could best make sure that Hillary Clinton never gets within 10 miles of the White House,” Christie said, trading the podium back and forth with Trump like tag-team WWE wrestlers.

“Once we made that decision, it was clear the only choice was Donald Trump. The best choice was Donald Trump. And last thing is our family is one that prides loyalty and the fact is that we have been good friends with Donald and his family for many years.”

Yet Christie sold off his list of donor emails and supporters to Rubio this morning, which was just two weeks after he kneecapped Rubio as a “robot” in the debate before the New Hampshire primary. Even when a Christie confidant was asked recently if a Trump endorsement was in the works, he demurred and said, “You never know.”

“You’re telling me it wasn’t this weird when Herman Cain was winning nationally four years ago or Michele Bachman was winning nationally? I mean, this happens,” Christie said at the time.

That same month, Christie said in an interview with Greta Van Susteren that Trump doesn’t have what it takes to be president. “I don’t think his temperament is suited for that and I don’t think his experience is,” he said.

Similarly Trump didn’t used to have nice things to say about the governor. During a visit to New Hampshire in December, Trump ribbed Christie for his Bridgegate scandal, telling a crowd that “the people of New Jersey want to throw him out of office.”

Yet today, the two were thick as thieves, perhaps motivated by the joint hate they share for Rubio, who grasped the media limelight for only a brief moment in the sun after last night’s debate.",1
4676,Adelson's Review-Journal Gives Trump First Major Endorsement,"Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump landed his first major newspaper endorsement Sunday as the Las Vegas Review-Journal proclaimed its support for the embattled nominee.

 

 ""History tells us that agents for reform often generate fear and alarm among those intent on preserving their cushy sinecures,"" the paper said.

""It’s hardly a shock, then, that the 2016 campaign has produced a barrage of unceasing vitriol directed toward Mr. Trump. But let us not be distracted by the social media sideshows and carnival clatter. Substantive issues are in play this November,"" it stated.

 

 The Review-Journal represented Trump's first endorsement from a major newspaper, most of which have backed his Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton, or simply opposed the real estate tycoon. The Review-Journal is owned by casino magnate Sheldon Adelson, who reportedly has become disillusioned with Trump.

Dozens of major newspapers have endorsed Clinton. Trump was the only major-party candidate without a major paper endorsement until Saturday.",1
1247,"Jeb’s Sad, Quixotic South Carolina Slog","Jeb’s tried to be what the voters want him to be, but it hasn’t been enough and on Friday, it all seemed to be drawing to a close.

Bush is polling on average at 10.3 percent in the state, behind Donald Trump, Ted Cruz, and Marco Rubio. On Friday, the biggest story about his campaign was one that declared it was “running on fumes,” hemorrhaging confidence from his supporters and donors just when he needs it most. As a last resort, 24 hours before the Republican primary, he dragged his 90 year old mother, Barbara, out on the campaign trail with him for three separate town hall events.

He stood at the center of the stage, no lectern, and awkwardly dangled his stiff arms at his sides as he spoke. Thanks to his Paleo diet, he is a shell of his former self, sleek and modern in a slim-cut blazer and pants. On this particular day, he wore no glasses.

Much has been said about Bush’s demeanor throughout this campaign. He seems to vacillate between detachment and frustration with the process. At times he just seems sad, giving the sort of contemplative, spaced out looks that make for the perfect absurdist Vines. It’s not the kind of viral content a campaign hopes for, exactly, but then this is not the sort of campaign that the candidate had hoped for, either.

In Bush’s mind, the media has dictated the supposedly Democratic process in 2016 and treated it like a tabloid story, feeding the American public’s appetite for more drama (read: Trump). Too wonky and polite to serve as a lead, Bush has become a bit character in this season of America, and frankly this is not the sort of arc he was promised at the initial casting.

“We’re all part of a ‘narrative,’” he said, mockingly borrowing the language of TV political pundits. “I always thought narratives were part of a play, you know, where you just kind of play out your part. The ‘narrative’ is that there’s an ‘establishment lane’ and then there’s the ‘outsider lane’ and I’m in the establishment lane because I am the son of George H.W. Bush and the brother of George W. Bush. I got that. I’m proud of it. It doesn’t bother me a bit.”

Later, as he posed for a photo, he complained to a supporter about how hard it is to break through because of the media. The media, as it was, stood huddled around him, within earshot. He made awkward eye contact and swiftly told the supporter that the media’s job of vetting presidential candidates is actually important work and, personally, he welcomes the scrutiny.

A man jostled to get his baby girl’s photo taken with “the next president of the United States,” getting into an argument with a photographer who stood in his way in the process. It was jarring to hear someone describe Bush that way, as the next president, because unlike other candidates, he doesn’t even pretend like he thinks it’ll happen.

During a speech in January, Cruz said, “When Heidi’s first lady, french fries are coming back to the cafeteria!” It was a joke, ostensibly, but you get the feeling sometimes that before they’ve even won a considerable number of delegates, candidates are making plans to redo the molding and install a hot tub in the Oval Office.

In contrast, during his speech on Friday, Bush said at one point, “I think the first thing that our president should do—” Not, the first thing that I will do as president, but, the first thing that our president should do.

And maybe that’s why he hasn’t gained “momentum,” to borrow another phrase from the pundits. Bush, a genteel WASP, spent a great deal of time on Friday condemning what he perceives to be Trump’s rudeness but what Trump’s supporters believe is his matter-of-factness. “Donald Trump, man, insulting women, Hispanics, the disabled, POWs like John McCain,” he said. “Donald Trump has never showed any interest in anybody else other than himself.”",1
3991,"U.S. strike believed to have killed ‘Jihadi John,’ Islamic State executioner","The drone strike that U.S. officials believe killed “Jihadi John,” the Islamic State executioner whose beheading of Western hostages came to symbolize the militants’ brutality, appeared this week as a rare success in the struggling U.S. campaign against the group.

More than a military feat, the death of the Islamic State’s most well-known spokesman, if confirmed, would be a step forward in the U.S. effort to counter the group’s sophisticated social-media operations and to up the ante in a two-way propaganda war.

Speaking the day after the strike in Raqqa, the Islamic State’s de facto capital in Syria, U.S. military officials said they were “reasonably certain” that the two Hellfire missiles fired from an American MQ-9 Reaper drone late Thursday killed the British militant, whose real name is Mohammed Emwazi, and a second individual.

Army Col. Steven Warren, a U.S. military spokesman, did not give details about why military officials were confident that Emwazi, 27, was dead, but he said the drone strike was carried out as planned.

Warren said officials were now working to definitively establish that Emwazi was killed. His death would be a blow to the Islamic State’s public image, Warren said, even if Emwazi was not a top operational commander. “This guy was a human animal,” he said.

In London, British Prime Minister David Cameron lauded the operation, which he described as a “combined effort” between U.S. and British forces. “If this strike was successful, and we still await confirmation of that, it will be a strike at the heart of ISIL,” he said, using an acronym for the Islamic State.

A senior U.S. defense official, who like others spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss intelligence matters, said three drones took part in the operation, one of them British. An American plane conducted the strike.

In a statement at 10 Downing Street, Cameron described Emwazi as a “barbaric murderer” who was the Islamic State’s “lead executioner.”

“This was an act of self-defense. It was the right thing to do,” he said.

U.S. officials said the car believed to have been carrying Emwazi and another person pulled up at a two- or three-story building, a business, around 11 p.m. local time Thursday. Emwazi went inside the building for a short time, came out and got back in the car. At that moment, the American missiles destroyed the vehicle.

The Syrian activist group Raqqa Is Being Slaughtered Silently, which monitors events in the city, reported that a drone strike targeted a car near the Islamic court in downtown Raqqa shortly before midnight. It was among a dozen blasts heard during an intense wave of airstrikes, the group said on its Twitter feed.

Emwazi appeared in a video in August 2014 as the unknown masked man with an English accent who beheaded American journalist James Foley.

Emwazi subsequently beheaded Steven Sotloff, another American journalist, and appeared in a video in which American aid worker Abdul-Rahman Kassig was decapitated. ­He also killed David Haines and Alan Henning, both British aid workers, and Japanese journalist Kenji Goto.

“It is a very small solace to learn that Jihadi John may have been killed by the U.S. government,” Foley’s parents, John and Diane Foley, said in a statement. “His death does not bring Jim back. If only so much effort had been given to finding and rescuing Jim and the other hostages who were subsequently murdered by ISIS, they might be alive today.”

Art and Shirley Sotloff, the parents of Steven Sotloff, said Emwazi’s death would change nothing for them. “It’s too little too late. Our son is never coming back,” they said. “More importantly, today, we remember Steven’s remarkable life, his contributions and [others who have] suffered at the hands of ISIS.”

The Obama administration attempted to rescue the Americans during the summer of 2014, when Delta Force commandos stormed a prison where they were thought to be held. Officials later concluded that the prisoners had been moved days before the raid.

U.S. officials have said that confirmation of Emwazi’s death will probably require information gleaned from intercepted militant communications. They say it is probably impossible to obtain a DNA sample, making it more difficult to establish his death conclusively.

“We could potentially never know” with certainty, another defense official said.

[The moment Jihadi John may have become a terrorist]

Emwazi is the best-known militant the United States has killed in more than a year of airstrikes against the group in Iraq and Syria.

Emwazi was born in Kuwait but grew up in London. He studied computer programming before gradually becoming radicalized. In 2010, British authorities detained Emwazi and barred him from leaving the country. He is believed to have traveled to Syria around 2012 and later joined the Islamic State.

Emwazi was one of a group of English-speaking militants that former hostages dubbed “the Beatles.” Those former prisoners described Emwazi as a frequently brutal captor who took part in waterboardings and beatings. It’s not clear if one of the so-called Beatles was the other passenger in the destroyed car.

While the stature of Emwazi and his fellow English-speaking militants was enhanced by the propaganda effect of the execution videos, which drew intense international attention, his operational influence was limited.

Peter Neumann, director of King’s College’s International Center for the Study of Radicalization, said Emwazi was a “low-ranking officer.” Symbolically, Neumann said, his death would show that the Islamic State is reeling, which could undercut recruitment.

“It feeds into the narrative of ISIS, in its core territory, losing,” he said.

While the Obama administration has said it has contained the expansion of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, local forces have been unable to dislodge militants from important cities. At the same time, Islamic State affiliates have spread across the region.

Faysal Itani, a Middle East expert at the Atlantic Council, a Washington think tank, cautioned that the Islamic State still counts on substantial support in the region.

“Killing a high-profile propagandist is in itself a significant propaganda win,” Itani said. “But this organization is extremely adaptable and, so long as it has access to an aggrieved Sunni population, will always reemerge in one way or another.”

Witte reported from London. Julie Tate and Thomas Gibbons-Neff in Washington, Karla Adam in London, and Liz Sly in Beirut contributed to this report.",1
4922,"Clinton, Trump and Obama aren't telling American workers the truth. Here it is","Labor Day is the one day every year when we come together as a nation to celebrate the achievements of the American worker and the history of the labor movement in this country. Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump will join President Obama (who spent the weekend meeting with G20 leaders issued a Labor Day message on September 1) as well as a variety of politicians and public officials from across the country, in commemorating the day.

You can bet that their lofty rhetoric will be accompanied by a promise to restore the nation to its manufacturing heyday.

At the Democratic Convention in Philadelphia, for instance, Clinton promised to push policies that will help foster a “manufacturing renaissance.”  Not to be outdone, Donald Trump has long said he will be “the greatest job-producing president in American history.”

What neither Clinton, Trump, Obama, or any other public official is likely to do on Labor Day, however, is to level with the American worker. None of them are likely to confess the hard truth: the jobs they keep talking about bringing back to the United States are not coming back. None of them are likely to have the guts and foresight to tell the public that instead of making empty promises they will focus their energy on helping the American worker prepare for a time, in the next decade or so, in which many of the tasks they perform at their current job are increasingly automated. None of them are likely to acknowledge what is the reality: that we need to prepare collectively for “new” types of work and learn to co-exist in an economy alongside artificial intelligence and robotics.

How do we know these jobs are not returning? Consider the following evidence. First, over the last several years, a small but growing number of companies have reopened factories in the United States. Unfortunately, jobs have not returned with them because many of these plants are increasingly automated. Second, since 2009, manufacturing output has increased more than twenty percent, but that hasn’t resulted in an equivalent increase in the number of jobs, i.e., manufacturing employment has grown just five percent in the same period. Third, manufacturing output is higher than it has been for decades – it is up $2.2 trillion in 2015 from $1.7 trillion in 2009. Despite this, employment in the sector is lower than it has been since the mid-twentieth century and total employment has decreased by a third since 1970.

Automation is not the sole reason for this, but it is seen by most experts as an increasingly important factor. In 2014 almost half of the leading economists and other experts interviewed for a PEW research study said that they “envision a future in which robots and digital agents have displaced significant numbers of both blue- and white-collar workers—with many expressing concern that this will lead to vast increases in income inequality, masses of people who are effectively unemployable, and breakdowns in the social order.”

There is no question that a portion of the jobs many of us perform today will be lost to robotics, automation, and the rise of artificial intelligence in the next few decades. A recent study by AppliedTechonomics, for instance, found that we currently have the technological capacity to automate 52 percent of the activities performed by workers in the manufacturing sectors. Moreover, the study found that manufacturing is the second most automatable sector in the global economy, just behind the services industry.

Given this reality it is bordering on malpractice that our current candidates and public officials have not done more to help prepare us all for a future in which accelerated technological change has a major impact on our labor force.

There are many steps we can take to confront that reality -- from better education and training for impacted workers, to more controversial proposals like offering incentives to corporations to encourage them not to automate at such a fast past or even providing a guaranteed minimum income to everyone in our country.

There is much that can and should be done to prepare all of us for the future, beginning with an honest discussion about the changes workers are going to face – prepared or not – in the coming years.

Labor Day 2016 is not too late to begin having this discussion. Our current crop of candidates, as well as our elected leaders, have a responsibility to all Americans to get the conversation started.

Saquib Hyat-Khan is Founder and Chief Executive at AppliedTechonomics.

Jeanne Zaino, Ph.D. is professor of Political Science and International Studies at Iona College and Senior Advisor at AppliedTechonomics, Public Sector. Follow her on Twitter @JeanneZaino.",1
2527,Alabama Sen. Sessions Backs Trump’s Immigration Platform,"Donald Trump received a key endorsement for his immigration platform: Sen. Jeff Sessions, one of the strongest proponents in Congress of restricting immigration.",1
4830,Gary Johnson’s Post-Debate Reactions,"Well, we did the pre-game last night, so it's time for the Tuesday morning quarterbacking: Watch Libertarian Party presidential nominee Gary Johnson take my questions and yours on Reason's Facebook page (and right here). What do you want to know about the campaign strategy ahead?",1
957,Reince Priebus is in over his head,"Reince Priebus, the beleaguered and balding Republican National Committee chairman, was asked a few days ago about his mane.

“How much gray hair do you think you’re going to have by December?” CNN’s Jake Tapper inquired.

“Gray is fine,” the party boss replied. “I just want to make sure I have hair.”

Alternatively, he could try a Whig.

This could be the first time in 160 years when a major American political party splits, and Priebus, the young technocrat from Wisconsin brought in to improve the Republicans’ infrastructure, is in over his head.

The Whigs were essentially undone by their inability to agree on slavery; the attempt to satisfy both sides, with the Compromise of 1850, caused Northern and Southern Whigs to part. Though the current situation is quite different, Republicans are now split by their own moral dilemma: whether to embrace as their nominee a man who stands for isolationism and ethno-nationalism and who disparages women and minorities. Priebus is preaching party unity above morality.

[Let’s scrap the GOP and start over]

If the party accepts Trump, it could consign itself to political oblivion by antagonizing women, minority groups and immigrants. If it accepts Ted Cruz instead, it risks a riot by the Trump populists and the loss of all but far-right voters. And if Priebus and his fellow Republicans try to rally around a mainstream figure such as Paul Ryan, they could salvage the party in the long run but would risk alienating the majority of this year’s GOP voters.

“Well,” Priebus said in a radio interview Thursday with former Republican senator (and Trump booster) Scott Brown, “I haven’t started pouring Bailey’s in my cereal yet, but I’ve certainly considered it.”

In fairness, there is no good option for Priebus now, except perhaps to resign if Trump secures the party nomination. His defenders point out that each time he disagrees with Trump, the criticism only emboldens Trump supporters, as it was likely to do again after Priebus said Monday that the Colorado GOP convention’s decision to award all 34 delegates to Cruz was not “a crooked deal,” as Trump charged.

But Priebus failed to act to stop Trump when he could have, or to coordinate Republicans to clear the field for a mainstream alternative. And now he compounds the damage by sticking with the same moral neutrality and happy talk of GOP unity that allowed the situation to develop.

After the Jan. 14 debate, in which Trump said he would “gladly accept the mantle of anger” and traded charges with Cruz about their constitutional eligibility for the presidency, Priebus tweeted: “It’s clear we’ve got the most well-qualified and diverse field of candidates from any party in history.”

In the Feb. 13 debate, Trump blamed George W. Bush for the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks and said Bush “lied” about Iraq’s weapons of mass destruction. Trump, Cruz and Marco Rubio took turns calling one another liars, and Rubio ridiculed Cruz’s Spanish skills. “Our well-qualified & experienced candidates continue to put forth serious solutions to restore prosperity & strength to America,” Priebus tweeted.

And after the March 3 debate, in which Trump spoke about the size of his genitals, Priebus tweeted that “Republican candidates are the only ones offering the course correction voters overwhelmingly want.”

Priebus sounds like a fortune cookie when he says “the impossible is always possible with unity.” But unity behind bigotry? My conservative colleague Jennifer Rubin notes that Priebus’s position requires “moral vapidity.”

This all might have turned out differently if Priebus, and other Republicans in positions of responsibility, had turned against Trump sooner. In January, he called the Trump-dominated debates “a good thing for our party.” He said he was “100 percent” sure he could rally the party behind either Trump or Cruz. He has since praised Trump for bringing “millions of new voters to our party.”

With 4 in 10 Republicans saying they wouldn’t get behind Trump in a general election, it’s clear he would lose the party more votes than he gains. But Priebus is still talking like a fortune cookie. “With unity the impossible is possible; with division the possible is impossible,” he informed Brown in Thursday’s radio interview.

Priebus spoke about the wonder of his role. “It’s unbelievable to be in the middle of history that will be talked about forever,” he said.

But history is unlikely to remember kindly a Republican chairman who turned the party of Lincoln over to a populist demagogue or to an ideologue loathed even by Republican colleagues. Hopefully those twin menaces will be enough to wig out Priebus — before his Republicans get Whigged out.

Read more from Dana Milbank’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.",1
1079,Excruciating choice for GOP leaders: Take a risk on Trump?,"Julian Zelizer is a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University and a New America fellow. He is the author of "" Jimmy Carter "" and "" The Fierce Urgency of Now: Lyndon Johnson, Congress, and the Battle for the Great Society. "" The opinions expressed in this commentary are his.

(CNN) What could possibly motivate a Republican to formally endorse Donald Trump and join his raucous brigade? With each primary and caucus victory, the pressure for prominent Republicans to take a stand on his candidacy greatly intensifies. But taking this step is not easy.

Announcing that you will back Donald Trump is to enter into an alliance with a person who is controversial, explosive and who can often get extremely nasty on the campaign trail.

This is someone who has repeatedly said things that offend women, Latinos and Muslims; who was slow to disavow white supremacist support and who has chosen to stoke, rather than calm, flareups of violence at his rallies.

This week, he predicted ""riots"" should he fail to be given the GOP nomination, even if he lacks the required delegate total. And even if a politician is willing to be associated with the incendiary things Trump has already said, it is impossible to know what he will do next, and that can be frightening for anyone in the political arena.

As New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie learned last week, you might even find yourself humiliated by Trump after you take the risky step of supporting and going out to campaign for him.

Thus far, Trump has received a few high-profile endorsements, including those of Christie, Sarah Palin, Sen. Jeff Sessions, Ben Carson, Jerry Falwell, and, at a much lower level, Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi. This is still a pretty limited list for someone as far ahead as Trump.

So why would any other Republicans decide to take this step? The question is becoming much more important with each week. As Trump closes in on the delegates that he needs to secure the nomination in this three-person race (though it is not clear he will reach the required majority), he will be pressing harder to secure more endorsements so that he can avoid a brokered convention in Cleveland.

Obtaining a job in a Trump administration will be a major motivating factor for many Republicans. As the possibility of a Trump presidency becomes more real, a larger number of Republicans will make the calculation that if they want to be part of his administration they will need to get off the fence sooner rather than later.

Trump is the kind of person who punishes anyone who stands in his way.

Those officials who come out in the next few weeks and play a role in helping him win some of the bigger states that loom ahead are hoping to be in a good position to be part of the White House should Trump manage to win the election.

Loyalty to party is a powerful force in our current era of polarized politics.

While the primary season is about deciding what kind of person you want to represent your party, the general election is about making sure that your party has power. Gradually the path forward for Trump's opponents is becoming less clear. If Trump demonstrates the potential to build a diverse electoral coalition that can defeat Hillary Clinton, this will be enough for some Republicans to line up behind him.

As Ben Carson explained when he announced his support, ""I didn't see a path for Kasich, who I like,or for Rubio, who I like. As far as Cruz is concerned, I don't think he's gonna be able to draw independents and Democrats unless he has some kind of miraculous change.""

These Republicans will separate their support for the campaign from the man.

Given that Hillary Clinton will be the Democratic candidate, the intense feelings that she elicits within the GOP will be enough to move some Republicans into Donald Trump's camp. There will be the moment, perhaps in the near future, when Republican turn their attention to the competition against the Democrats rather than among themselves.

If the anti-Trump coalition headed by Mitt Romney does not show any signs of strength, some Republicans may decide that it is time to heal the divisions in the party by accepting Trump to maximize their chances in the fall.

As Trump looks more and more like a winner in the party contest, there will be Republicans who actually like the candidate or at minimum are excited about what he can offer in the electoral arena who will finally step forward.

There might be a tipping point where this insurgency becomes legitimate, becoming less of a political circus than an actual competition. Once this happens, this will be a key moment for Trump to start securing a huge number of endorsements as more candidates are willing to stand up for a candidacy that once may have seemed too dangerous.

Nor will Republicans necessarily be worried about the risk of endorsing Trump only to have a brokered convention select a different candidate this summer.

If the nomination is decided at the convention, Cruz or Kasich -- or anyone else who enters the competition -- will need the support of everyone who backed Trump and have reason to court their vote.

The final factor that can move Republicans into the Trump camp will be animosity toward his opponents, particularly Ted Cruz. Though he is trying to position himself as the new ""establishment"" choice, Cruz has been as much, if not more, of an insurgent to the party than Trump.

He is also a politician who has personally burned many bridges with fellow party members in the Senate and the campaign. If Kasich no longer looks like a viable choice for a brokered convention, some Republicans might support Trump as a way to pay back their anger toward Cruz.

Taking the step of standing on the podium with Donald Trump will not be easy.

Every politician realizes the high costs that can come with this, particularly since the outcome of the fight might not be totally settled until the summer.

For many Republicans, this will come down to balancing political and self-interest with the difficulty of supporting a candidate who is genuinely distasteful to them and who risks bringing them embarrassment and anger from people they respect. But as Trump looks like the only real game in town, we'll see more Republicans deciding that this is a risk worth taking.",1
3529,Identity of ISIS terrorist known as 'Jihadi John' reportedly revealed,"The true identity of the ISIS terrorist known as ""Jihadi John,"" who has appeared in several videos showing the beheading of hostages, reportedly has been revealed.

The Washington Post first reported Thursday, citing friends and human rights workers familiar with the case, that the man's real name is Mohammed Emwazi, a west London man who had been detained by counterterror officials in Britain at least once, in 2010.

Two U.S. government sources who spoke to Reuters Thursday said investigators believe the man is Emwazi.

According to The Washington Post and the BBC, Emwazi was born in Kuwait and studied computer programming at the University of Westminster. The university confirmed that a student of that name graduated in 2009.

""If these allegations are true, we are shocked and sickened by the news,"" the university said in a statement.

Emwazi is also thought to have traveled to Syria sometime in or around 2012.

The BBC reported that British intelligence had previously identified the man, but had chosen not to disclose his name for operational reasons.

Commander Richard Walton of the London Metropolitan Police's Counter Terrorism Command released a statement saying, ""We have previously asked media outlets not to speculate about the details of our investigation on the basis that life is at risk. We are not going to confirm the identity of anyone at this stage or give an update on the progress of this live counter-terrorism investigation.""

London-based CAGE, which works with Muslims in conflict with British intelligence services, said Thursday its research director, Asim Qureshi, saw strong similarities between Emwazi and ""Jihadi John,"" but because of the hood worn by the militant, ""there was no way he could be 100 percent certain.""

The Center for the Study of Radicalization and Political Violence at King's College London, which closely tracks fighters in Syria, also said it believed the identification was correct.

The masked and hooded terrorist achieved instant notoriety when he appeared in a video released by ISIS last August that showed the beheading of American journalist James Foley. At the time, many commentators and analysts remarked on the man's distinct London accent.

The man is believed to have appeared in other videos that showed the beheading of other hostages, including American journalist Steven Sotloff, British aid worker David Haines, British taxi driver Alan Henning, and American aid worker Peter Kassig, known as Abdul-Rahman after his apparent conversion to Islam in captivity.

The man's most recent appearance came last month in a video with Japanese hostages Kenji Goto and Haruna Yukawa. Both men also were killed by the terror group.

The terrorist was given the nickname ""Jihadi John"" after interviews with former ISIS hostages revealed him to be part of a group of British jihadists who guarded the hostages and were dubbed ""The Beatles.""

The BBC reported that Emwazi is believed to be an associate of a known terror suspect who traveled to Somalia in 2006, and is allegedly linked to a funding network for the Somali-based militant group Al Shabaab.

CAGE said it has been in contact with Emwazi for more than two years after he accused British intelligence services of harassing him. It said that in 2010 he alleged British spies were preventing him from traveling to the country of his birth, Kuwait, where he planned to marry.

No one answered the door at the brick row house in west London where the Emwazi family is alleged to have lived. Neighbors in the surrounding area of public housing projects either declined comment or said they didn't know the family.

Neighbor Janine Kintenda, 47, who said she'd lived in the area for 16 years, was shocked at the news.

""Oh my God,"" she told The Associated Press, lifting her hand to her mouth. ""This is bad. This is bad.""

Shiraz Maher of the King's College radicalization center said he was investigating whether Emwazi was among a group of young West Londoners who traveled to Syria in about 2012.

Many of them are now dead, including Mohammad el-Araj, Ibrahim al-Mazwagi and Choukri Ellekhlifi, all killed in 2013.

He said Emwazi's background was similar to that of other British jihadis, and disproved the idea ""that these guys are all impoverished, that they're coming from deprived backgrounds.""

""They are by and large upwardly mobile people, well educated,"" he said.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
3209,Jake Tapper to moderate 's first GOP debate,"Tapper, the host of the network's ""State of the Union"" Sunday show and ""The Lead"" on weekdays, was picked to lead the event at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation and Library on Sept. 16.

The prime-time debate will actually be split into two parts: One with the candidates that national polls rank as the top 10 GOP contenders, and one with the candidates who didn't make that cut.

The broad GOP field has presented a challenge for both Fox News and CNN as debate hosts.

Fox News announced a plan for an August 6 debate that would only include the 10 candidates that were at the top of the heap, as determined by an average of national polls. Fox's proposed criteria created the most consternation, partly because it is hosting the first debate, partly because it is a favorite of conservatives, and partly because its rules are more restrictive than CNN's. Some Republican Party leaders in Iowa and New Hampshire have said they feel the use of national polls stomps on their roles as the first in the nation caucus and primary states, respectively. Tapper announced that he'll moderate the debate on Sunday, at the end of his first show as CNN's new ""State of the Union"" host.",1
3124,"After tragic shooting, Charleston church reopens with prayer, songs and tears","CHARLESTON, S.C. — Emanuel AME Church swung open its doors for services Sunday, four days after a 21-year-old white man who told police he wanted “to start a race war” allegedly killed the pastor and eight congregants attending a Bible study in the church basement.

Hundreds lined up in the hot Charleston sun to climb the stairs to the sanctuary of “Mother Emanuel,” one of the country’s oldest African American churches and one with a rich history of resilience. The organist played and church bells chimed as the choir sang “Blessed Assurance.”

Worshipers from Charleston and across the country filled the pews and balcony of the church. Some watched the sermon from seats in the fellowship-hall basement — where the shooting occurred Wednesday.

“This is our house of worship,” said the Rev. Norvell Goff, presiding elder of the Edisto District of the State Conference of the AME Church, addressing the congregants. “The doors of the church are open, praise be to God.”

“No evildoer, no demon in hell or on Earth can close the doors of God’s church.”

Many in the pews fanned themselves furiously, beating back a thick heat and their fragile emotions. People fought tears, rocking back and forth. Some comforted each other in long embraces. Ushers passed out bottles of cold water. And above them all loomed the pastor’s usual seat, empty, covered by a black cloth.

In Emanuel AME’s nearly 200-year-old history, the congregation has withstood slavery, segregation, racially motivated laws to keep worshipers from meeting and fires set by angry, white mobs. But the massacre Wednesday of state Sen. Clementa C. Pinckney, who was the church’s pastor, and eight church members left many wondering how such a horrible tragedy could occur in a place they consider a safe haven.

[For Charleston’s Emanuel AME Church, shooting is another painful chapter in rich history]

“It has been tough, it’s been rough, and some of us have been downright angry. But through it all, God has sustained us and encouraged us,” Goff said. “When times of trouble come into our lives, how do we respond? Do we respond by being afraid? Or do we respond in faith?”

Goff encouraged the congregation to continue to pray and look to God for healing.

“The blood of the Emanuel Nine requires us to work for not only justice in this case, but for those living on the margins of life,” he said. “We must stay on the battlefield until there is no more fight to be fought.”

Reporters, he said, had asked him how some grieving family members who attended the bond hearing of suspect Dylann Roof could say they would forgive him. Roof, who was arrested Thursday in Shelby, N.C., about four hours away from the church, was charged with nine counts of murder and possessing a firearm in the commission of a violent crime.

The families, Goff said, were holding on to a strong faith that teaches them to love their neighbors. “God is our refuge and our strength,” Goff said. “We ought to put our hope and trust in God.”

Daniel E. Martin Jr., 52, who said his family has been on the membership rolls of Emanuel for more than 100 years, said the church would heal and grow stronger. “It’s painful and difficult, but if you know anything about the people of faith, Charlestonians, members of the church, you will understand when we come to church we receive the word of God.”

His wife, Reba Martin, 54, a steward in the church, said when she walked in the church Sunday, she thought she saw Pinckney. “Pastor was so tall,” she said. “I can almost see him standing there with all the people who sat next to him in the pulpit.”

Reba Martin said the congregation full of people who had come to share in the service was an answer to Pinckney’s dream of getting more people to come to church: “When pastor first came, our congregation was so small, he would say, ‘One day you will see the church full to the rafters.’ That happened today.”

On Saturday, Charleston police gave church leaders permission to open the church. Church leaders met in the basement, which police had cleaned, covering bullet holes.

“I was pleased when authorities made a phone call and said you can go back in Mother Emanuel,” Goff said. “The open doors of Emanuel on this Sunday sends a message to every demon in hell that no weapon formed against me shall prosper.”

Many members said they looked forward to the church opening its doors. Others were still hesitant.

“How do you bring yourself to a place where tragedy struck?” said Brandon Robinson, 26, minister of music of “Little Emanuel,” a sister church. “There is an opened wound. Someone lost a brother, a husband, a father, a sister and auntie.”

Before sunrise Sunday, sextons — keepers of the church — began clearing a path amid hundreds of flower bouquets left on the church steps by mourners. Some lit white votive candles and prayed. Others threaded long-stemmed red and pink roses through the bars of the church’s gate.

Police officers swept the church early in the morning and screened worshipers as they filed in. No backpacks were allowed in the building. At least half a dozen officers stood watch, sometimes passing out water and butterscotch candies to churchgoers.

People, shaken by the tragedy, stood looking up at the church’s white steeple and prayed.

“You have individuals across the country asking, ‘How could God allow something like this to happen?’ ” said the Rev. Branden Sweeper, 30, who was close friends with Pinckney. “Church is still the best place to be.”

“Mother Emanuel,” as members call the church founded in 1816, is one of the oldest and largest AME churches in the South. The white stucco church with towering steeples, wooden rafters and arched stained-glass windows sits in downtown Charleston on Calhoun Street. The church was the site where in 1822, Denmark Vesey, a freed slave, planned one of the biggest slave insurrections in U.S. history.

“When authorities were made aware of his plot, Vesey and a number of his followers were executed,” according to the book “African Methodism in South Carolina,” a collection of histories compiled by the AME Church.

The church was burned down by white crowds. “And even more strict regulations were imposed on Charleston’s Black Churches,” the book said. By 1834, all black churches were closed by state law. Some members of the church joined white churches, and “others continued the tradition of the African church by worshiping underground.” In 1865, Emanuel AME resurfaced with 3,000 members.

With the latest tragedy still looming large in the church Sunday, some members doubled over in grief, weeping for the victims.

“There they were in the house of the Lord studying your word, praying with one another, but the Devil also entered,” an elder said in a prayer Sunday. “And the devil was trying to take charge. But thanks be to God — hallelujah — that the devil cannot take control over your people, and the devil cannot take control of the church.”

Eartha Ugude drove eight hours Saturday from Port St. Lucie, Fla., compelled to be in the service. “I felt such a tremendous loss,” she said from her seat, 10 rows from the pulpit. “I felt helpless and tired — one more tragedy against our people.”

The shooting, she said, was cowardly. The gunman “sat amongst them.”

[Night of S.C. killings started with prayers and a plot against humanity]

Goff preached that the members should not respond to the tragedy with fear. “Do we respond by being afraid? Or do we respond in faith?” Goff asked. “As for me and my household, we will serve the Lord, because it is by faith we are standing here this morning.”

Acknowledging the congregation has difficult days ahead, Goff said: “The only way evil can triumph is for good people to sit down and do nothing. We are children of God. We will march on to victory.”

The service ended with a prayer, “May the people of God say Amen.” Members who filed out of the church said they were encouraged by the sermon.

Marlene Coakley-Jenkins, whose sister Myra was killed in the church basement, said she was inspired.

“I think the message was powerful, positive and compassionate,” Coakley-Jenkins said on the church steps. “Everything the family needed at this particular time. It gave us strength and faith. It allowed us to have all the emotions that an experience like this might conjure and more.”

Someone asked her whether she was thinking of the shooter. “I pray at some point he finds God’s mercy,” she said. “God’s mercy is even there for him. We can’t afford to lose one soul on Earth. I am ready to forgive him. I have to because that would block so many blessings. Nothing grows positive out of hate.”

[This post has been updated.]",1
4016,Acting out of weakness? Why Obama's dangerously wrong about Putin's intentions in Syria,"In last Friday’s press conference, President Obama called Vladimir Putin’s incursion in Syria “an act of weakness.” It’s his pat answer when Putin misbehaves.

The White House likes to portray the Kremlin as a place filled with petulant children who don't understand what's in their own best interest and will one day rue their misguided behavior. A mixture of condescension and patience may be an appropriate tactic in child rearing. But in a dangerous world, it's a lackadaisical prescription for disaster.

Mr. Obama sees Putin's military adventure as a quagmire-in-waiting for the Kremlin. In the end, he believes, Moscow will lose more than it gains and find itself isolated and censured by the international community. This, he concludes, will leave Putin weaker than when he started.

But there’s a problem with the president's line of thinking. Actually, there are several.

First, there is no reason to believe that, just because entering a hot war in Syria is a bad idea, Putin won't pursue it with single-minded determination. After all, that is exactly what the Russian strongman did in Ukraine. Back then, Mr. Obama said it was a mistake and Putin would pay a price. And Putin did. The West tsunamied Russia with sanctions.

The problem is: Putin hasn't stopped. He is still meddling in Ukraine. He’s also messing with Georgia. In fact, most Central European countries are on Russia watch.

Second, powers inclined to “act out of weakness” can take some very dangerous and destructive steps when undeterred.

That’s what happened Dec. 7, 1941. Japan attacked Pearl Harbor out of weakness. It was a foolish and risky overreach that eventually doomed the fortune of the Axis powers. But that’s cold comfort for the 2,403 who died in the attack or the millions who had to go to war to make things right.

Sometimes it might make sense to give some actors space to ""learn their lesson."" But it’s simply irresponsible to let dangerous powers run amok in dangerous places, responding only with assurances that everything will work out in the end.

In fact, Putin is using Syria as a distraction to get Europe and the U.S. to back off on countering Moscow's mischief in Ukraine. In the Kremlin's calculus, the best way follow-up bad behavior is… more acting badly.

The White House, of course, can't really keep Moscow and Tehran from propping up Syrian not-so-strongman Bashar Assad if that is what they really want to do. In fact, Mr. Obama has effectively encouraged them to do so by negotiating at least $150 billion in sanctions relief for Iran—money that Tehran can use to bankroll the effort.

And let's face it: the Syrian civil war is going to get worse. The U.S. lacks a compelling vital interest that demands we solve the problem. Nor does it make much sense to fight it out with Moscow and Tehran over Damascus.

That said it would be wrong to ignore this disaster. And it would be wrong to condone Putin's irresponsible military gambit to bolster Assad, one of the top mass murderers of the 21st century.

Instead, the White House should be taking reasonable steps to keep the region from getting worse: bolstering allies on the frontline; working with the Europeans to stem the flow of refugees; defeating ISIS, and marginalizing Russian and Iranian influence in the region.

The president has a long Middle Eastern and European to-do list. But that’s largely the result of his failed foreign policy, which has helped empower all the wrong people while offending our best friends.

Mr. Obama has a little over a year to make amends. He needs to get started now.



James Jay Carafano is vice president of foreign and defense policy studies  The Heritage Foundation. Follow him on Twitter @JJCarafano.",1
2946,"Jordanian fighter jets strike hard at ISIS, pay tribute to murdered pilot","Jordanian fighter pilots carried out devastating sorties against ISIS early Thursday, making good on their king's vow of vengeance for the horrific burning death of a captured airman -- whose hometown the jets buzzed triumphantly after the mission.

Reports from the Middle East said the latest strikes killed 55 members of ISIS, including a senior commander known as the “Prince of Nineveh.” They came a day after King Abdullah stepped up his angry rhetoric at the terrorist army in neighboring Iraq and Syria following the horrific death of Lt. Muath al-Kaseasbeh, who was burned alive in a cage in a shocking atrocity caught on a videotape released by Islamic State on Tuesday.

""The blood of martyr Muath al-Kaseasbeh will not be in vain and the response of Jordan and its army after what happened to our dear son will be severe,"" said King Abdullah in a statement released by the royal court on Wednesday. A day earlier, he told U.S. lawmakers in Washington, where he had been on a diplomatic mission when the video was released, that Jordan would fight Islamic State until it ran ""out of fuel and bullets.""

Jordanian state-run media did not specify where the strikes took place, but U.S. officials told Fox News the strikes by 20 Jordanian F-16s took place at Thursday at 1 p.m. local time near the ISIS stronghold of Raqqa, Syria, and said “lots of ammunition” was expended. They said U.S. Air Force flew air refuellers and radar jammers in support.

Jordan had previously been divided on its participation in airstrikes against Islamic State, with many questioning why the country was involving itself in the fight. But rage expressed on the street and given clear voice by the king has shown public sentiment in Jordan, where the military is revered, is solidly behind the newly invigorated campaign.

Jordan’s information minister, Mohammad al-Momani told AFP: Amman was “more determined than ever to fight the terrorist group Daesh,” using another name for Islamic State, which is also commonly referred to as ISIS. And a government spokesman said Jordan would step up its role in the U.S.-led fight against the militant group.

Thursday's airstrikes came just hours after Jordan executed two militant prisoners in response to the killing of Kasseasbeh. But the pilot’s father told Reuters the two executions were not enough to avenge his son’s death.

""I want the state to get revenge for my son's blood through more executions of those people who follow this criminal group that shares nothing with Islam,"" Safi al-Kasseasbeh told Reuters.

The returning fighter jets roared over Al-Kaseasbeh's hometown in southern Jordan as the king paid a condolence visit to the pilot's family, and the monarch, himself a former general and special forces commander, pointed at the planes as he sat next to the pilot's father.

Abdullah has said Jordan's response ""will be harsh because this terrorist organization is not only fighting us, but also fighting Islam and its pure values.""

In prepared remarks delivered in Washington Thursday by Jordan's ambassador to the U.S., Abdullah said the global Muslim community is the primary target of terrorists in the Middle East.

“These criminals aim to stamp out life and rights everywhere. Their hate and murder has reached Asia, Europe, Africa, America and Australia,"" Abdullah said. ""By the brutal killing of their prisoners and captives, they seek to hold families across the world hostage to their cruelty.""

The Guardian reported that radio and television stations played patriotic songs and F-16 jets performed flyovers over the capital and Al-Kaseasbeh's hometown.

""I swear to God we will kill all those pigs,"" one man said of the terror group. ""Whatever it takes to finish them is what we will do.""

""We are all Hashemites and we are following the government with no reservations in this fight against these godless terrorists,"" a cafe patron, Yousf Majid al-Zarbi, told the paper. ""Have you seen that video? I mean really, how in humanity could this be a just punishment for any person?""

Jordan had previously been thought to be home to thousands of supporters of ISIS. The kingdom is beset by several social problems, including a sharp economic downturn that has led to high unemployment among young men, who are typically a reservoir of potential ISIS recruits. Adding to a potentially destabilizing mix are the presence of hundreds of thousands of war refugees from Iraq and Syria who have poured across the border in the preceding decade.

In recent months, Jordanian authorities have rounded up dozens of suspected ISIS supporters. In an early response to the grisly video, Jordan executed two Iraqi Al Qaeda prisoners, Sajida al-Rishawi and Zaid al-Karbouly, before sunrise Wednesday.

In Washington, lawmakers from both parties have called on the Obama administration to speed up deliveries of aircraft parts, night-vision equipment and other weapons to Jordan.

Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz.,chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said he expected his panel to swiftly approve legislation calling for increased aid. He repeated his criticism that the Obama administration has ""no strategy"" for dealing with the Islamic State group, and said he hoped the video of Al-Kaseasbeh's death will galvanize not only U.S. leadership but ""the Arab world.""

All 26 members of the Senate Armed Services Committee wrote in a letter to Secretary of State John Kerry and Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel that Jordan's situation and the unanimity of the coalition battling the extremists ""demands that we move with speed to ensure they receive the military materiel they require.""

At the White House, spokesman Josh Earnest said the administration would consider any aid package put forward by Congress, but that the White House would be looking for a specific request from Jordan's government.

Fox News' Mike Emanuel and The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
3869,Obama Plans to Press Ahead With Guantanamo Bay Closure,"The White House is emphasizing President Barack Obama’s willingness to take executive action to meet one of his earliest campaign promises – closing the prison in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba – a rhetorical shift that suggests growing recognition that Congress is unlikely to take the steps needed to shutter the controversial facility.",1
2611,Netanyahu walks back Palestinian state comment,"(CNN) President Barack Obama told Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu the United States would ""reassess"" aspects of its relationship with Israel after Netanyahu's provocative statements leading up to Tuesday's Israeli election.

The phone call Thursday was officially described as a message of congratulations on Netanyahu's victory, but it also carried a serious warning after the prime minister opposed the creation of a Palestinian state in the last days of his campaign.

""The President told the Prime Minister that we will need to re-assess our options following the Prime Minister's new positions and comments regarding the two state solution,"" according to a White House official.

According to an official statement put out after the call, the president also emphasized the United States' ""long-standing commitment to a two-state solution"" during their conversation.

Earlier Thursday, Netanyahu walked back his disavowal of a two-state solution, a position he endorsed in an effort to appeal to right-wing voters with polls showing him facing tough competition.

U.S. officials had already said that they have been waiting to see if Netanyahu would stand behind the campaign comments nixing a Palestinian state as he moves toward forming a governing coalition.

It took two days for Netanyahu's about face.

""I don't want a one-state solution. I want a sustainable, peaceful two-state solution,"" Netanyahu said Thursday in an interview with MSNBC's Andrea Mitchell. ""I haven't changed my policy.""

White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest, speaking before the call, had stopped short of saying that the U.S. reassessment would include offering support for a U.N. resolution calling for the establishment of a Palestinian state. The resolution is opposed by Jerusalem, but U.S. officials have floated it as a possibility in the wake of Netanyahu's remarks.

Asked by Israeli news site NRG on Monday if he was ruling out the formation of a Palestinian state while he's prime minister, Netanyahu responded, ""Indeed."" He also blasted the idea of such a state given the security challenges facing Israel.

Netanyahu's comments Monday were seen as a key part to his Tuesday election victory but also ""raised significant concerns"" with senior administration officials back in Washington, who view ruling out a two-state solution as a significant setback for U.S.-Israel relations as it goes against more than a decade of American policy.

On Thursday, Netanyahu said his comments were a reflection of changing conditions on the Palestinian side, pointing to Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas's pact to form a unity government with Hamas, which Israel, the U.S. and most European countries consider a terrorist organization. He put the onus on Palestinian leaders to create conditions favorable for peace.

""I'm talking about what is achievable and what is not achievable,"" Netanyahu said Thursday. ""If you want to get peace, you've got to get the Palestinian leadership to abandon their pact with Hamas and engage in genuine negotiations with Israel.""

Netanyahu said he supports the same conditions for negotiating a sustainable peace that he staked out in 2009: a demilitarized Palestinian state whose leadership recognizes Israel as a Jewish state.

Netanyahu also walked back another controversial campaign remark, in which he urged his supporters to go out to counteract the effect of Arab voters who he said were rushing to the polls ""in droves.""

Earnest on Thursday said those comments ""erode at the values that are critical to the bond between our two countries.""

""I wasn't trying to suppress the vote ... I was calling on our voters to come out,"" Netanyahu said. ""I'm very proud to be the prime minister of all Israel's citizens.""

Netanyahu went on to say that he drew support from ""quite a few Arab voters"" and spoke of ""free and fair elections"" in Israel that aren't commonplace in the rest of the Middle East.

Netanyahu also shrugged off the criticism of the Obama administration.

The Israeli prime minister pointed to the ""unbreakable bond"" between the U.S. and Israel and downplayed strains in his personal relationship with Obama.

""America has no greater ally than Israel and Israel has no greater ally than the United States,"" Netanyahu said. ""We'll work together. We have to.""",1
3904,Angela Merkel to Visit White House on Feb. 9,"President Barack Obama will play host to German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Washington, D.C. next week, the White House announced Monday.

Ms. Merkel will visit the White House on Feb. 9, where she and the president are expected to discuss issues like Russia, Ukraine, counterterrorism and the challenges in the broader Middle East. The two leaders will have an Oval Office meeting followed by a working lunch.",1
292,Will Nancy Pelosi miss John Boehner? Depends.,"""It depends on what comes next,"" Pelosi told CNN's Jake Tapper in an interview set to air in full Sunday on ""State of the Union.""

Pelosi, who has been the top House Democrat opposite Boehner at the negotiating table since Boehner took the helm of the House GOP caucus in 2007, called Boehner a ""very fine person.""

Boehner announced Friday that he has decided to resign his seat in Congress effective Oct. 30.

""We can agree to disagree without being negative about each other. But, uh, yeah, I don't know if I'll miss him,"" Pelosi said. ""We just work. We barely have time for our close friends and some of our close friends are across the aisle.""

But as hardline conservatives within the House GOP caucus eye Boehner's exit as an opportunity to install a new House speaker who will be more intransigent on conservative causes and less willing to compromise with Democrats, Boehner's absence could also signal a more difficult legislative process for Democrats. While Pelosi and Boehner have engaged in numerous partisan spats over the years, Boehner ultimately drew fire from tea party conservatives in his party who wanted him to take a harder line in negotiations with Democrats -- believing that he was too quick to compromise. Just a day before Boehner announced his resignation, the top House Democrat and Republican together enjoyed the visit of Pope Francis. The two are both devout Catholics and Pelosi noted Boehner's role in helping to organize the visit. ""He had his glorious moment with the Pope coming this week. He is a devout Catholic,"" Pelosi said.",1
2216,Why Obama Has His Work Cut Out For Him On Getting Trade Votes,"Why Obama Has His Work Cut Out For Him On Getting Trade Votes

The Obama administration finds itself in the rare position of fighting alongside House Republicans this week as it tries to overcome Friday's stinging defeat to its massive trade package, the Trans-Pacific Partnership.

The defeat came when Speaker John Boehner split the president's agenda that passed the Senate in May into two parts: one was Trade Promotion Authority, also known as fast-track — a law that allows Obama to negotiate the deal, then have Congress pass it with an up-or-down vote, with no debate. The other was Trade Adjustment Assistance, a safety net aimed at retraining any U.S. workers who might lose their jobs as a result of the new trade package.

The simplified version of what happened is this: Democrats really like TAA. Republicans like TPA. Boehner split them into separate votes, hoping Dems and Republicans would vote for the respective parts they liked. The Obama administration really needs TPA to negotiate the trade deal, and so to torpedo the whole deal, Democrats voted down the worker assistance package in huge numbers.

So now, there's nothing to do but wait. The House voted today to give themselves until July 30 to get the votes they need to get the package passed. And by the numbers, it's clear that Obama and the House GOP have their work cut out for them in procuring those votes.

In an extremely polarized Congress, that's an unusually haphazard-looking mix of votes. To understand exactly who voted how and why, we've broken the vote down into four groups.

No on both: 143 Democrats, 49 Republicans

Who they are: Liberal democrats (including House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi) and conservative Republicans.

What it means: The Democrats that have tended to be against TPP have also tended to be more liberal Dems — like Maryland's Donna Edwards and Minnesota's Keith Ellison — who have no problem breaking with President Obama. This group of House Dems are so against TPP that they were willing to sink TAA, a policy Dems tend to like. The other thing that makes this group notable? It's huge — 143 Democrats voted no on both parts of a deal the administration badly wants to pass. The question is how many (if any) Obama can peel away from this group, given that Rep. Pelosi herself, House minority leader, was willing to break with him.

The Republicans on this side, meanwhile, include many members of the House Freedom Caucus, the group of lawmakers trying to swing their leadership's agenda even further to the right, like Idaho's Raul Labrador and Michigan's Justin Amash. These Republicans who voted against the trade agenda have given a mix of reasons — they're concerned about jobs, they think the deal is too secretive, and they simply don't want to give Obama more power, for example.

Yes on both: 27 Democrats, 81 Republicans

Who they are: Pro-TPP Republicans, Obama allies, and members in centrist, contested districts.

What it means: This group includes Republican Rep. Paul Ryan, one of the loudest supporters of TPP over the last few months. Among the few Democrats was Debbie Wasserman Schultz, chair of the Democratic National Committee, falling in line behind Obama, and more centrist Dems like Texas' Henry Cuellar and California's Jim Costa. It also notably contains a few lawmakers facing tough reelection challenges from the other party next year — Nebraska Democrat Brad Ashford and Republicans Carlos Curbelo of Florida, Iowa's Rod Blum, and Illinois' Bob Dold. Voting for both TPA and TAA may be a way for these lawmakers to show they're capable of reaching out across the aisle.

This group also notably includes some Democrats — Kathleen Rice of New York and Ami Bera of California — who took heat from labor for their support. Labor ran ads in those states slamming those lawmakers, even saying they didn't mind if a Republican won in Bera's district, as Politico reported.

No on worker assistance, yes on fast-track: 1 Democrat, 109 Republicans

Who they are: John Boehner and the largest chunk of Republicans.

What it means: There's a reason virtually no Democrats (save Texas' Ruben Hinojosa) voted this way — this is the vote for what Republicans wanted and against the Democrat-friendly portion of the bill. Republicans have in the past viewed TAA as an expensive, ineffective, necessary evil for getting trade deals passed, as AEI's Alex Brill wrote after the vote. These are the lawmakers who took the opportunity to make it clear they see TAA as unnecessary.

Yes on worker assistance, no on fast-track: 13 Democrats, 5 Republicans

Who they are: Minority Whip Steny Hoyer and a dozen other Dems, plus a few moderate Republicans.

What it means: This tiny, Democrat-dominated group did what Boehner had expected many Dems would do — they took the opportunity to vote for worker assistance and against Trade Promotion Authority, thinking that even if a trade deal they didn't like passed, they would at least be supporting the policy they do like.

Now, there's potentially a month and a half for Obama and pro-TPP Republicans to try to get the votes they need on TAA. But not everyone is optimistic. As Maryland Democratic Rep. and Minority Whip Steny Hoyer told reporters on Tuesday, ""There's more time now. Now, whether there's – six weeks, that's what we're talking about, six, seven weeks approximately – whether there's sufficient time to bridge the gaps is probably questionable.""",1
4686,"Trump won’t commit to accepting election results, at fiery final debate with Clinton","Donald Trump would not commit Wednesday night to accepting the results of the presidential election if he loses on Nov. 8, in a striking moment during his final debate with Hillary Clinton that underscored the deepening tensions in the race – as the bitter rivals defined the choice for voters on an array of issues not three weeks from Election Day.

The debate in Las Vegas, moderated by Fox News’ Chris Wallace, started with a measured discussion on policy disputes ranging from gun rights to abortion to immigration. But it ended with the candidates hurling a grab-bag of accusations and insults at each other.

Trump called Clinton a “nasty woman.” Clinton called Trump the “most dangerous” person to run for president in modern history.

The most pointed moment came when Trump – who for weeks has warned of a “rigged” election – was asked whether he will commit to accept the results of the election.

“I will look at it at the time,” Trump said, citing his concerns about voter registration fraud, a “corrupt media” and an opponent he claimed “shouldn’t be allowed to run” because she committed a “very serious crime” with her emails.

Pressed again whether he’s prepared to concede if he loses, Trump again said: “I will tell you at the time. I’ll keep you in suspense.”

“That is not the way our democracy works,” she said. “He is denigrating, he’s talking down our democracy and I for one am appalled.”

Trump responded by calling the Justice Department’s handling of her email probe “disgraceful.”

The exchange was among many contentious moments at Wednesday’s debate, which covered several issues including the national debt that have gotten little attention in the race so far – but flared with arguments between the candidates over WikiLeaks, over Russia, over the Clinton Foundation and over women’s allegations of groping against Trump.

Through the thicket of accusations and personal animus – they never shook hands on stage – the candidates tried generally to mount a closing debate-stage argument about experience.

“For 30 years, you’ve been in a position to help. … The problem is you talk, but you don’t get anything done, Hillary,” Trump said. “If you become president, this country is going to be in some mess, believe me.”

Clinton countered by contrasting some of her experiences against Trump’s. She said when she was monitoring the Usama bin Laden raid in the Situation Room, “He was hosting ‘The Celebrity Apprentice.’”

“I’m happy to compare my 30 years of experience … with your 30 years, and I will let the American people make that decision,” Clinton said.

Trump, meanwhile, again disputed the multiple allegations of groping that women have leveled against him since the candidates’ last encounter. He also said he thinks the Clinton campaign is behind the claims, charging, “They either want fame or her campaign did it.”

Clinton said, “Donald thinks belittling women makes him bigger.” Trump repeated that “nobody has more respect for women” than him.

Trump then shifted to blast the Clinton Foundation as a “criminal enterprise.” He pointed to donations from countries like Saudi Arabia to question Clinton’s commitment to women’s rights. He asked her if she would return money from countries that treat certain “groups of people horribly,” which she did not answer directly.

The candidates’ third and final debate now sets a bitter tone for the homestretch of the 2016 presidential campaign – a race that already stands out as arguably the most personal, caustic and unpredictable White House battle in modern politics.

Trump, slipping in the polls amid various campaign controversies, said at the last debate that Clinton should be in jail. Clinton has blasted Trump all along as temperamentally unfit for office.

Since the second debate, numerous women have come forward to accuse Trump of groping them, allegations he denies. WikiLeaks also has embarrassed the Clinton campaign by releasing thousands of hacked emails purportedly from her campaign chairman’s account. FBI files alleging a State Department official sought a “quid pro quo” to alter the classification on a Clinton server email added to the campaign’s – and Obama administration’s – woes.

The WikiLeaks controversy came up Wednesday night when Clinton asked if Trump would “condemn” Russian espionage. He denied knowing Vladimir Putin but said the issue is the Russian president has “no respect” for her.

“That’s because he’d rather have a puppet,” Clinton shot back.

Trump later said he condemns any interference by Russia in the election.

The candidates also sparred over gun rights, with the Republican nominee charging that the Second Amendment is “under absolute siege” and would be eroded if his opponent wins.

“We will have a Second Amendment which will be a very, very small replica of what we have now” if Clinton wins, Trump said.

The Democratic nominee countered, “I support the Second Amendment.”

In a graphic exchange, Trump said Clinton’s position on abortion is nearing a point where one could “rip the baby out of the womb in the ninth month.” Clinton accused him of “scare rhetoric.”

They also clashed on immigration, with Trump saying they need to deport “drug lords” and deal with “bad hombres” in the country. Clinton said violent offenders should be deported but then mocked Trump for not pushing his controversial border wall proposal during his high-profile meeting with the Mexican president. “He choked,” she said.

Trump said Clinton “wanted a wall” when she voted for an immigration overhaul a decade ago – and now wants “open borders,” which she denied.

To date, the mounting controversies facing both campaigns have appeared to hurt Trump more than Clinton, who gradually has expanded her lead over the GOP nominee in recent polls.

A Fox News national poll released on the eve of the Las Vegas debate showed Clinton with a 6-point, 45-39 percent lead over Trump in a match-up that includes Libertarian Party nominee Gary Johnson and Green Party candidate Jill Stein.

Trump, in the final three weeks, is thought to be zeroing in on several key battlegrounds including Florida, Ohio and North Carolina – but the polls suggest his path to the presidency remains narrow, as even once-reliably red states like Texas are being contested by the Clinton campaign.",1
22,What do Americans really think about abortion? The answer may surprise you.,"An anti-abortion protester stands with a sign at Boulder County Justice Center, in Boulder, Colo., Friday, March 27. A recent survey on abortion policy shows that despite what media coverage, politicians, and frequent protests would have the public believe, plenty of Americans have nuanced opinions on the issue of abortion.

Abortion is one of the most polarizing issues in the United States today, but public opinion may not be as black and white as it seems.

In a Vox survey on abortion policy published earlier this month, careful questioning of more than 1,000 respondents suggests that plenty of Americans identify neither as only ""pro-choice"" nor as only ""pro-life."" On the contrary, 21 percent said they were neither, while 18 percent said they were both.

The poll’s findings unearth the nuances in public opinion often neglected when the media, politicians, and other opinion surveys frame the abortion debate as purely two-sided. The poll could also open up discussion about the issue in ways that – as Fordham University ethicist Charles Camosy put it – involves critical thinking, and takes into account the importance of precise language and constructive engagement when tackling such sensitive subjects as the life of an unborn child and a woman’s rights concerning her body.

“We’ve framed our abortion debate all wrong. It isn’t black and white – it’s thousands of different shades of gray that exist somewhere in the middle,” Vox senior editor Sarah Kliff wrote. “This matters because by ignoring that gray space, we miss something important: there are abortion policies that a majority of Americans could agree on.”

The majority of respondents, for instance, said that they would want to hear from elected officials of both genders talking about the issue. Nearly 70 percent would not want a woman to feel ashamed to admit if she had an abortion. But when asked about abortion being completely illegal or legal, and given various options in between, the largest percentage (34) chose this answer: ""Abortion should only be legal in cases of rape, abuse, or if the woman’s health is at risk.""

A big challenge to moving the abortion debate forward is overcoming the stereotypes that have evolved as a result of years of framing the discussion in binary terms such as ""pro-life"" versus ""pro-choice,"" or ""liberal"" versus ""conservative,"" according to Mr. Camosy, who teaches Christian ethics at Fordham in the Bronx and wrote, “ Beyond the Abortion Wars: A Way Forward for a New Generation.”

“It is no secret that popular media have a real struggle communicating complexity,” Camosy wrote. “Thus they struggle not only to accurately describe what Americans think about abortion, but also the complex reasons many women have abortions … the reality for women is far messier and cannot be captured by a headline or Tweet.”

In other words, there’s room for discussion beyond yes or no, pro or anti. And that may be a lesson applicable to other issues, such as immigration, that appear to have divided the nation.

In an op-ed for news magazine The Week, for example, journalist Damon Linker pointed out that looking at only two sides of the immigration debate tends to lead exactly where it has gone so far: Nowhere. A viable policy, he wrote, is one that is based neither solely on moral grounds, which would give anyone who shows up at the border full citizenship, nor on the tenets of exclusivism, which would oppose the ideals of the US Constitution.

“What we're left with, then, is a position situated somewhere between the universalists and the tribalists,” Mr. Linker wrote. “We need a tightly controlled border, but with relatively liberal quotas for legal immigration, some allowances made for humanitarian refugees, and a path to citizenship for those already here. We can and should debate precisely how liberal those quotas should be, how many refugees to let in, and how arduous to make the path to citizenship.”

The path to useful policies thus lies in how we approach an issue, Camosy wrote. In the abortion debate, he added, that means avoiding using words and phrases – “radical feminist,” “war on women,” “anti-science,” or “heretic” – that lead to rhetorical victories at the cost of understanding.

Promoting meaningful discussion also requires humility and, instead of assuming the other side has a secret personal agenda, giving them the courtesy of listening to their arguments.

Such practices, Camosy wrote, “often reveals that many of us are ultimately after very similar things (such as women being able to choose to keep their baby) and we simply need to be able to talk in an open and coherent way about the best plan for getting there.”",1
668,Was California The Last Weekend At Bernie's House Of Hope?,"Was California The Last Weekend At Bernie's House Of Hope?

The legendary Route 66 wound its way from middle America to Southern California, a ribbon of aspiration ending on a pier reaching out into the Pacific from the coastal town of Santa Monica.

That pier still exists, a symbol of America's hopeful journey west and a touchstone for politicians such as Bernie Sanders, who brought his grandchildren there on Sunday.

Whatever happens Tuesday in California and the other states still voting, Sanders had a marvelous time on the last weekend when he could sell his dream of being the Democratic nominee for president.

That may sound harsh to the legions of Bernie Believers for whom the dream may never die. This weekend, they listened with faith to a candidate who could still speak of prospects, possibilities and promise. There was still a way to win.

But over the same weekend, Hillary Clinton almost reached her magic number of 2,383 delegates with the vote tallies in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. Barring an utter collapse by her forces across the board on Tuesday, she will garner, on that night, the delegates needed for a first-ballot nomination in Philadelphia in July.

Sanders probably knows this as clearly as Clinton herself. He should be able to assess his predicament as easily as any observer who is paid to see the numbers with clear eyes.

But it also remains absolutely essential for any underdog in Sanders' position to maintain, to the very end, that the goal is within sight, victory can still be won. Without that hope, supporters will not be energized and engaged. And without energized and engaged supporters on this last Big Tuesday, everything Sanders has achieved in a year of campaigning might be in jeopardy.

A disappointing final day of multi-state voting would undercut the Sanders narrative, which is all about a populist hero vanquishing the will of the party hierarchy and slaying the dragon of the establishment.

That is why Sanders goes on feeding red meat to his stadium crowds, threatening to contest the convention and leveling accusations about coronations and rule-rigging and party corruption. He does this now because his chances of making a difference in Philadelphia depend on a strong finish in this last round of soundings of the voters' feelings.

But here is what will happen on Tuesday. By the time the New Jersey results are in, sometime after 8 p.m. in the Eastern time zone, the numbers will add up and Clinton will be the presumptive nominee. Not the official nominee, as that will depend on the convention. But she will have a clear majority of the delegates, both pledged and unpledged, reflecting the will of a clear majority of the votes cast by primary and caucus participants.

Sanders has said he will contest every last vote, including in the District of Columbia on June 14. But does anyone think he will command as much attention next weekend as he still did this past weekend?

Winning California, as Sanders may still do, will not net him enough delegates to alter the math, because the delegates will be split in proportion to the vote. That is the highly democratic model by which Democrats allocate delegates to reflect the primary voting. It means that even a fabulous Sanders breakout in the state would not prevent Clinton from winning the delegates she needs.

Only the prospect of a shocking report from the FBI probe into Clinton's use of a private email server would now seem to stand between her and a first-ballot victory at the Democratic convention.

If Sanders had some other issue in mind this weekend when he told interviewers that ""the world may look very different by the end of July,"" he did not say what it was. That is also the issue raised by the Republican Party, when it argues that Sanders is right to contest the convention. On Sunday, GOP spokesman Sean Spicer referred to the FBI probe in saying that no one should call Clinton the ""presumptive nominee.""

It might have been embarrassing for the Sanders campaign to find itself arguing in tandem with the Republicans, but such are the bedfellows of politics.

This is the moment to stop and salute what Sanders has achieved. He started as a party outsider with little national name recognition. To some extent, that anonymity helped him create his campaign in a year of national resentment against the elite and the power structure. His outsider status helped make him the focal point of a youth movement within the Democratic Party.

At his best, Sanders has wed the rebellious 1960s with the exuberance of a new generation that questions the establishment. That is a feat no one could have expected him to achieve in the polls or in the primaries and caucuses. Today, he leads in hypothetical matchups against Donald Trump by more percentage points than Clinton does. This has become his main argument for displacing Clinton as the nominee.

Who would have thought the Democratic nomination in 2016 would devolve to an argument over who might best beat Donald Trump?

Joining the Democratic Party officially for the first time, Sanders has made quite a run for that venerable institution's highest honor. But if the goal was to win by the rules, or even to win by something resembling what the rules should be, then Sanders has fallen short. He mobilized a new army, but Clinton's older version of the party prevailed.

On this last weekend in California, both candidates campaigned with vigor and an upbeat message. Sanders went to a community center in the heart of Spanish-speaking Los Angeles, and he posed for selfies with beachgoers on the Santa Monica pier. Everywhere he kept alive the notion of a contested nomination.

Clinton's many appearances included one at West Los Angeles College, a two-year community college not far from the LA airport.

At this event, she was introduced by no fewer than 17 preliminary speakers, all of them women. They included several members of Congress and an array of Hollywood actors such as Sally Fields, Elizabeth Banks and Mary Steenburgen. The crowd lasted throughout the preliminaries to cheer lustily for Clinton herself. One of those cheering and waiting for a handshake was Sarah Griebe, an events planner who lives in Los Angeles.

""I understand where Sanders supporters come from,"" said Griebe, who supported Clinton in 2008. ""It's hard when you invest so much time and energy in a candidate and they don't win. But Sanders and Clinton are pretty much on the same side. It's most important for us to continue movement forward and for the progress we've made in the last eight years to continue.""

It may be easy for the Clinton people to speak of unity at this stage of the campaign, because they see the end in sight with the nomination going to their candidate. It will be much more difficult for Sanders' troops to forget their current opposition to Clinton.

But for this one last weekend, the Sanders backers could imagine the roles reversed. And they could imagine shocking the world, eclipsing Clinton and marching on to defeat Donald Trump.",1
2436,Milestone House Vote Would Take Health Care Away From Millions,"Milestone House Vote Would Take Health Care Away From Millions

After dozens of votes attacking Obamacare in recent years, House Republicans' latest attempt Tuesday finally gets real.

Not in the sense that the full repeal bill will become law — it's not likely to pass the Senate and, in any event, faces a certain presidential veto even if it somehow does. What makes today a milestone is that, for the first time, House Republicans plan to vote on whether to actually take health coverage away from millions of Americans who now have it.

More precisely: 19 million of them by the end of the year, according to a recent estimate from the Congressional Budget Office. And with a new study showing that 60 percent of Affordable Care Act beneficiaries receiving subsidies from the federal exchange are from the South and 60 percent of them non-Hispanic whites, House Republicans would be casting votes to eliminate a program that to a large extent benefits their own constituents.

How this new reality will affect the vote count is unclear. Republicans have been solid in their opposition to the health care law. The last time the House voted to repeal the law in entirety — rather than tweak one or more small provisions — was May 16, 2013. Not a single Republican voted against it. But that was when the first enrollment period was still months away, and the vote could still largely be framed as a matter of political philosophy.

That was also before Republicans picked up 13 Democratic seats in the 2014 midterm elections, some of which are in swing districts that could swing right back to Democrats.

One of those new Republicans, in fact, could serve as the poster child for the party's potential problems with the vote: Rep. Carlos Curbelo, who represents the western suburbs of Miami, some of Florida's poorest communities. The majority-Latino district also happens to contain one ZIP code with one of the highest Obamacare enrollments in the country and is blocks away from two others.

This could be one reason why Curbelo's Spanish response to President Obama's State of the Union address last month avoided the Affordable Care Act altogether. Iowa Republican Sen. Joni Ernst, in the English response, described Obamacare as an example of ""failed policies."" Curbelo, though, spoke instead about education and the income gap — and chided Washington for not working ""toward a health economy that offers opportunities to everyone who lives in this country, not just the most privileged,"" according to a comparison done by the Miami Herald.

Other Republicans have recognized for some time that taking away access to health care for the working poor was not necessarily good politics and have advocated a ""repeal and replace"" strategy to show that the GOP also cares about the issue.

No Republican alternative to the ACA has yet emerged since the party took control of the House in 2011, and none is in today's bill, either. However, the proposal does instruct three House committees to recommend ideas to replace Obamacare, including such things as limiting medical malpractice lawsuits and giving states more flexibility in administering Medicaid.",1
701,"Yes, Bernie Polls Better Against Trump Than Hillary—but There’s a Catch","Sanders was on ‘Meet the Press’ again Sunday touting his polling advantage against Trump. He’s right, but there’s a key reason Hillary does worse in head-to-head matchups.

On Meet the Press, former California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger declined to endorse the Republican presumptive nominee, Donald Trump, saying he would disclose his position on the presidency at a later date. On CNN, Florida Sen. Marco Rubio said he would support Trump because he so strongly opposes Hillary Clinton. And on ABC’s This Week, California Sen. Dianne Feinstein said it was time for Bernie Sanders to consider ending his campaign for the Democratic nomination.

In an interview on Meet the Press, Sanders sounded as if had no intention of dropping out anytime soon. Sanders said he believes he still has a chance to win the Democratic nomination by winning the California primary against Clinton.

""Right now,” Sanders said, “in every major poll, national poll and statewide poll done in the last month, six weeks, we are defeating Trump, often by big numbers, and always at a larger margin than Secretary Clinton is.""

For example, the most recent poll, the NBC News-Wall Street Journal poll, showed Clinton beating Trump by 3 points and Sanders beating Trump by 15 points. That means Sanders bested Clinton’s performance by 12 points. In other polls, Sanders’s lead on Clinton was less but never fell below a margin of 3 points.

Clinton has been scrutinized and attacked as a public figure for a quarter century, but Sanders—even after running for president for a year—is a relatively new figure to voters nationally. It remains to be seen how open voters will be to supporting Sanders once Republicans start airing negative attacks, especially ones that note his identification as a democratic socialist. (According to polls, being a socialist is a less attractive quality for voters than being an atheist.)

“General election polls don’t mean much until the conventions are over and you get to late summer or early fall,” said Kerwin Swint, a political scientist at Kennesaw State University. “A lot of voters don’t look at Sanders as a legitimate threat. It’s almost like he’s an imaginary candidate.”

And it’s worth adding, as Meet the Press host Chuck Todd noted, that Clinton can be expected to poll better against Trump after she officially secures the nomination and many former Sanders supporters come to her side.

Sanders also said he will continue to make the case that his positions are more in line with the Democratic base than Clinton’s.

“Our campaign is about defeating Secretary Clinton on the real issues,” he said. “I want to break up the Wall Street banks. She doesn’t. I want to raise the minimum wage to 15 bucks an hour. She wants $12 an hour. I voted against the war in Iraq. She voted for the war in Iraq. I believe we should ban fracking. She does not. I believe we should have a tax on carbon and deal aggressively with climate change. That is not her position. Those are some of the issues that I am campaigning on.”

Sanders is right about Clinton’s Iraq war vote and where she stands on breaking up the banks, a $15 minimum wage, and fracking. But is he also right about their differences on carbon tax and climate change? That claim rates Mostly True.

There’s no doubt that Sanders’s rhetoric on climate change and his plan to deal with it are aggressive and, unlike Clinton, he has advocated for a carbon tax. Clinton does, however, have a climate change plan. While some environmentalists have said it isn’t tough enough, others have given it positive reviews.

Both the Sanders and Clinton campaigns referred us to each candidate’s climate change plan. Sanders’s climate change plan is long and comprehensive. Beyond a tax on carbon, it includes an array of proposals such as banning certain drilling and mining practices; cutting tax subsidies for oil and gas companies; investing in clean energy, alternative fuels, and energy efficiency programs; and improving the national public transit system.

But some are skeptical of Clinton’s “boldness.” Pulitzer Prize-winning website InsideClimate News called Clinton’s plan ambitious but said it “falls short of bold.” The Washington Post’s editorial board said her ideas are “second best.” Environmental news magazine Grist summed up her plan as not bad but “not quite the climate hawkishness we need.”",1
3932,EgyptAir crash: official dismisses claim that remains suggest blast,"The head of Egypt’s forensics authority has dismissed a suggestion that the small size of the body parts retrieved since an EgyptAir plane crashed last week indicated there had been an explosion on board.

All 66 people on board were killed when the Airbus A320 crashed in the Mediterranean early on Thursday while en route from Paris to Cairo, and an international air and naval effort to hunt for the black boxes and other wreckage continues.

On Tuesday an unnamed senior Egyptian forensics official told Associated Press that he had personally examined human remains recovered from the crash site and that they suggested there had been an explosion.

Speaking on condition of anonymity he said all 80 pieces brought to Cairo so far are small human fragments, leading him to conclude that “the logical explanation is that it was an explosion”.



He added: “There isn’t even a whole body part, like an arm or a head.”

However Egypt’s head of forensics later denounced the reports as “completely false”, state news agency Mena said.



“Everything published about this matter is completely false, and mere assumptions that did not come from the forensics authority,” Hesham Abdelhamid was quoted as saying in a statement.

Another senior forensics official told Reuters only a tiny number of remains had arrived so far and it was too early to specify whether there had been an explosion on board.

In the aftermath of the crash both the French and Egyptian leaders said that terrorism could not be ruled out, but there has been no claim of responsibility from any group.

The black box could hold clues as to why the plane crashed. Minutes earlier, smoke was detected in multiple places on board.

On Monday, the head of Egypt’s state-run provider of air navigation services, Ehab Azmy, said the plane plunged directly into the sea and challenged an account by the Greek defence minister that it made “sudden swerves” before the crash.



Azmy said radar had shown the plane was flying at its normal altitude of 37,000 feet (11,270 metres) in the minutes before it disappeared.



“That fact degrades what the Greeks are saying about the aircraft suddenly losing altitude before it vanished from radar,” he said. 



“There was no turning to the right or left, and it was fine when it entered Egypt’s [flight information region], which took nearly a minute or two before it disappeared,” Azmy added.

The Greek defence minister, Panos Kammenos, said last week that the plane took a normal course through Greek airspace before abruptly taking sharp turns.

“The plane carried out a 90-degree turn to the left and a 360-degree turn to the right, falling from 37,000ft to 15,000ft and the signal was lost at around 10,000ft,” he said.

Another senior Egyptian navigation services official, Ehab Mohieeldin, meanwhile told a local broadcaster that Egyptian officials had been able to track the plane on radar for one minute before it crashed but were unable to communicate with the crew.

The same channel, CBC, was told by air accident investigator Hani Galal that the plane’s black box recorder would be analysed in Egypt if it is found intact, but would be sent abroad for analysis if it is found to be damaged.

Associated Press and Reuters contributed to this report",1
5195,More anti-Trump action planned after second night of protests across US,"Protesters across the US were on Friday gearing up for weekend demonstrations over the election of Donald Trump, as other activists began work on plans to disrupt the Republican’s inauguration in Washington early next year.

Rowdy protests against Trump and his divisive campaign have spread to cities all over the country following his victory on Tuesday, leading to dozens of arrests and a complaint from Trump in one of his first public remarks as president-elect.

More than 10,000 people have signed up to attend a noon march on Saturday from New York’s Union Square to Trump Tower, the future president’s home and corporate headquarters, while several other actions are planned for other cities.

“Join us in the streets! Stop Trump and his bigoted agenda,” the organizers of the New York event said in a Facebook post.

Trump complained in a tweet late on Thursday that “professional protesters, incited by the media” were tarnishing his electoral success, which he said was “very unfair”. Amid intense criticism, Trump said hours later in a second post that he appreciated the “passion for our great country” shown by demonstrators.

Activists expressed determination to build momentum for major activity on 20 January, when Trump will officially enter the White House.

A “million women” march on the capital is being planned for the day of Trump’s inauguration, amid intense anger that the next US president allegedly sexually assaulted multiple women and boasted of doing so in a leaked recording.

Leftwing and anarchist groups were also making plans for protests in Washington on inauguration day, according to flyers circulating online, raising the prospect of chaotic scenes as Trump takes the oath of office.

Other activists were biding their time before mounting a response to Trump’s election. Patrisse Cullors, one of the founders of Black Lives Matter, said their movement was “grieving and mourning” following the result.

“We are bringing folks together to imagine what kinds of organizing we will need to do under a Trump presidency,” said Cullors. “I do think we can organize as we have been, and build something bigger and stronger than the hate Trump and his team have exhibited towards marginalized communities.”



Thousands of people took to the streets from Thursday night into Friday in Denver, Minneapolis, Milwaukee, Portland, Oakland and several other US cities, as well as Vancouver, Canada. The protests were for the most part peaceful and orderly, though there were scattered acts of civil disobedience and damage to property.



The rowdiest scenes were in Portland, Oregon, where about 4,000 people marched into the city centre late on Thursday. At least 29 people were arrested after a minority of protesters threw objects at officers, smashed shop windows and damaged a car dealership, the Portland police department said, declaring the demonstration a riot. Officers used pepper spray and rubber projectiles to disperse the crowd, the department added.

In Minneapolis, dozens of people marched on to Interstate 94, blocking traffic in both directions for at least an hour as police stood by. A smaller band of demonstrators briefly halted traffic on a busy Los Angeles highway before police cleared them off.



Baltimore police reported that about 600 people marched through the Inner Harbor area, with some blocking roadways by sitting in the street. Two people were arrested, police said. One of the largest demonstrations was in Denver, where a crowd estimated to number about 3,000 gathered on the grounds of the Colorado state capitol and marched through the city centre.

Earlier in the day, high school students staged walkouts across the country. Authorities told the LA Times that at least 4,000 students from the LA County school system had walked out in protest by Thursday afternoon.

Hundreds of high school students in San Francisco walked out of class too, and took to the streets of downtown, shouting “Not my president”, “My body, my choice” and “Love trumps hate” as they marched in the middle of traffic.

Malkia Williams, 15, who carried a sign that said “Pussy grabs back” – a reference to a leaked recording where Trump bragged he could sexually assault women because of his fame – said it was important for students to speak out since they could not vote.

“A lot of adults voted for Donald Trump and they think we don’t care, but we do,” she said as she marched down a busy downtown street where student activists were temporarily halting vehicles, with many honking in support. “My loved ones and friends could be taken out of this country.”

Williams said she was still processing Trump’s victory. “I still don’t feel it’s real. This is not the future we want,” she said.

In Oakland, where 30 people were arrested on Wednesday night, a crowd gathered on Thursday but the protests were more subdued than the previous evening, when a series of small fires were set, some windows were smashed and a few people threw rocks at police.

Hundreds of protesters took to the streets of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, according to a local ABC affiliate station, WISN 12, a number which later swelled to over 2,000 as the group marched downtown, according to the Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel.

Lewis & Clark College student Gregory McKelvey, who organised a protest in Portland on Thursday, told local NBC affiliate KGW: “We think that because Trump is president, it becomes even more urgent for our city to become what people want it to be. It’s an anti-Trump protest but also a call for change in our city because we need to push for progress here.”

Elsewhere on Thursday, hundreds protested in Salt Lake City, Utah; San Francisco; Houston, Texas; and in Washington DC, where about 100 protesters marched from the White House to Donald Trump’s newly opened hotel several blocks away.

At least 200 people rallied there after dark, many of them chanting “No hate! No fear! Immigrants are welcome here!” and carrying signs with such slogans as “Impeach Trump” and “Not my president.” 



“I can’t support someone who supports so much bigotry and hatred. It’s heart-breaking,” said 25-year-old Joe Daniels from Virginia.

While protesters marched against Trump, at least one group was preparing to take to the streets in celebration. The Loyal White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan said on their website they would be holding a “victory parade” in North Carolina next month. Men in KKK-style white hoods were seen walking in the state on the morning after Trump was elected.",1
1502,"Trump suggests he might have prevented 9/11 attacks, extending feud with Bush","Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump suggested Sunday that he could have prevented the 9/11 attacks had he been president in 2001 -- escalating his feud with primary rival Jeb Bush about the fatal terror strikes.

Trump, a first-time candidate, implied his stance on immigration could have kept out the terrorists who slipped into the United States and trained in the country to hijack the four commercial airliners and kill nearly 3,000 people on American soil on Sept. 11, 2001.

“I am extremely, extremely tough on illegal immigration,” Trump told ""Fox News Sunday."" “I believe that if I were running things,  … I doubt that those people would have been in the country.”

The 19 hijackers crashed one airliner each into the Pentagon and the twin World Trade Center towers in New York City, roughly nine months after Bush’s older brother, President George W. Bush, took office in 2001.

Passengers in one airliner overpowered the radical Islamic hijackers, forcing the craft to crash in Shanksville, Pa., with no survivors.

The Trump-Bush feud essentially started during the second 2016 GOP presidential primary debate when Jeb Bush defended his brother against Trump’s criticism about the attacks.

“You remember the rubble at the World Trade Center? He sent a clear signal that the United States would be strong and fight Islamic terrorism, and he did keep us safe,” Bush said to huge audience applause.

Trump responded: “You feel safe right now? I don’t feel so safe.”

Bush, a former Florida governor, has since shaped his response to suggest his brother united Americans and kept then safer after the attacks.

The exchanges also have put Bush in a challenging position, defending his family while trying to distance himself from Bush political dynasty, included shortcomings in the administrations of his brother and father, George H.W. Bush.

On Friday, Trump returned to his attacks when talking on Bloomberg TV about how and why, if elected, he could best handle national emergencies.

“Blame him or don’t blame him, but (Bush) was president,” said the billionaire New York real estate mogul. “The World Trade Center came down during his reign.”

Hours later Jeb Bush tweeted, “How pathetic for @realdonaldtrump to criticize the president for 9/11. We were attacked & my brother kept us safe.”

Trump also said Sunday that during the debate he was just responding to Bush saying the country was safe under his brother’s watch.

“I'm not blaming anybody,” Trump said. “But the World Trade Center came down.  So when he said, we were safe, that's not safe.  … It was probably the greatest catastrophe ever in this country.”",1
987,How far can campaigns go to win support from a Republican delegate?,"Imagine this: Donald Trump wooing delegates with rides on his gold-accoutered private jet. A wealthy Ted Cruz supporter wining and dining them at the Cleveland convention. Welcome bags stocked with expensive swag awaiting party activists in their hotel rooms, courtesy of a well-funded super PAC.

The already freewheeling ­Republican presidential contest is fast turning into a personal persuasion game as the candidates pursue no-holds-barred ­efforts to lock up delegates — and there are relatively few limits on how far they can go.

The jockeying has already led to accusations of unfair play. Trump has accused Cruz of luring delegates with unspecified “goodies” and “crooked shenanigans,” charges that the Cruz campaign dismissed as “falsehoods.”

Under regulations established in the 1980s, delegates cannot take money from corporations, labor unions, federal contractors or foreign nationals. But an individual donor is permitted to give a delegate unlimited sums to support his or her efforts to get selected to go to the convention, including money to defray the costs of travel and lodging.

A candidate’s campaign committee can also pay for delegate expenses. Some legal experts believe a campaign could even cover an all-expenses-paid weekend prior to the convention to meet with senior staff at, say, a Trump-owned luxury golf resort in Florida.

Given that the last contested Republican convention was 40 years ago — Gerald Ford vs. Ronald Reagan in 1976 — many of Washington’s top campaign ­finance experts are furiously paging through old Federal Election Commission opinions, trying to discern what delegates can accept.

“We’re in uncharted territory,” said Kenneth Gross, a former associate general counsel at the FEC. “And when you get into the heat of battle and the stakes are as high as they possibly can be in terms of who will be the nominee, people are going to push the envelope.”

Trump and Cruz, who have shown their relentlessness in this season’s rough-and-tumble campaign, are expected to look for every legal edge possible if neither is able to secure 1,237 delegates before the July convention. Also in the mix is Ohio Gov. John Kasich, who forged an alliance with Trump on Saturday in a delegate fight in Michigan.

The candidates “will be in a bidding war for delegates,” said Brett Kappel, a veteran campaign finance lawyer who has represented Democrats and Republicans. “They’ll live like kings at the convention.”

[Trump team vows to win delegate majority as rivals prepare for open convention]

The FEC delegate rules were established long before super PACs came on the scene and offer little guidance about how such groups can lobby delegates. One possibility floated by strategists in recent days: a super-PAC-

financed war room that collects reams of personal data — political background, hobbies, family details — that can be used to target the nearly 200 activists and elected officials who are not bound to a specific candidate.

The lack of clear guardrails has left party activists feeling unsettled.

“It’s almost like we need a campaign finance system for delegates,” said Gregory Carlson, 27, who ran unsuccessfully to be a delegate in Colorado over the weekend. “This is why we need to put serious thought into this and who are immune to being paid off with below-board messages.”

Since most delegates are expected to cover their own travel and stay in Cleveland, they could be offered thousands of dollars in assistance. Just how far those payments can go has not been tested.

“If they decide to go to Cleveland via Cabo, that might be a problem,” said Anthony Herman, a former FEC general counsel.

But it’s unclear that such a perk would be made public if it were provided by a single donor. Under FEC rules, a contribution from an individual to a delegate does not have to be disclosed, as long as it was not made in coordination with a campaign or as an independent effort to boost a candidate. That means gifts could flow to delegates unseen.

“Beyond subsistence expenses, in the weeks ahead, are there cash and items of value given to these delegates?” asked Michael Toner, a Republican election-law attorney. “Is someone going to show up in the Cayman Islands in January with a three-week paid trip? That’s not going to be readily apparent before the election.”

Still, Toner added, “I think the vast majority of the deals are going to be political deals. People want attention, a seat at the table.”

[Trump still leads, but Cruz keeps winning the trickier delegate contests]

That was the case in 1976, when Ford leveraged the prestige and trappings of the presidency to try to bring uncommitted delegates over to his side. He invited entire state delegations to lunch and dinner at the White House and even hosted a group on the flight deck of the aircraft carrier USS Forrestal to watch the July 4 bicentennial celebration in New York Harbor, according to Jules Witcover’s 1977 book “Marathon.”

Reagan tried to match him with his Hollywood connections, recruiting entertainers such as John Wayne, Jimmy Stewart and Pat Boone to call wavering delegates.

“It was hand-to-hand combat,” said Reagan biographer Craig Shirley, who detailed the fight in his book “Reagan’s Revolution: The Untold Story of the Campaign That Started It All.” “When it comes to getting delegates, it is the wild, wild West. Anything goes.”

Well, not absolutely anything. State and federal anti-bribery laws would probably forbid delegates to sell their votes outright, although it is unclear how those statutes apply to those who are private citizens rather than elected officials. Election-law attorneys noted that the Justice Department has recently stepped up its focus on campaign finance violations and could scrutinize suspicious transactions.

And most experts doubt there will be systematic efforts to try to win over delegates with cash.

“I think it’s a pretty dangerous game to play,” Herman said. “The optics are just so bad. Putting aside FEC exposure or even criminal exposure, I think the political exposure if it were disclosed and the public knew about it — it would just seem so unseemly.”

The campaigns declined to offer specifics on how they plan to woo delegates.

“Well, there’s the law, and then there’s ethics, and then there’s getting votes,” Trump convention manager Paul Manafort said Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press.” “I’m not going to get into what tactics are used. I happen to think the best way we’re going to get delegates is to have Donald Trump be exposed to delegates, let the delegates hear what he says.”

Cruz spokeswoman Catherine Frazier said the senator from Texas has been “building an organization that will allow us to secure the delegates we need to win should this race be determined at convention.”

[Somebody used the Colorado GOP Twitter account to tweet #NeverTrump]

Several delegates interviewed this week said they would not be swayed by inducements. They were exasperated by the suggestion that their support could be bought with money or gifts.

Wendy Day — a 43-year-old mother of four in Michigan who was elected to be a delegate for Cruz — said her delegation is looking for ways to keep their convention expenses down, perhaps by renting homes outside the city, so they will not have to depend on a benefactor to cover their expenses.

“We wouldn’t want to feel like we were being bought off,” she said, adding: “I don’t think Cruz supporters would be swayed by gifts and money. We are in this to save our country.”

Joy Hoffman, chairwoman of the Republican Party in Arapahoe County, Colo., said she would view any kind of monetary gift or offer to pay for expenses as a bribe.

The candidates can “call me and talk to me,” said Hoffman, who will be an unpledged alternate delegate to the convention. But she warned that she will not be easily dazzled.

“I already know these people,” Hoffman said. “They’ve been bugging me for months. I had breakfast with Kasich not long ago, and I’ve had conversations with the Trumps. At the end of the day, that’s nice. They put their pants on the same way, they eat the same kind of food we eat.”

O’Keefe reported from Colorado Springs. David Weigel in Rochester, N.Y., and Katie Zezima in Irvine, Calif., contributed to this report.",1
4292,They’re already trying to steal 2016: Inside the GOP voting-rights scheme intended to derail democracy,"Ever since African-American men were granted the right to vote with the passage of the 15th Amendment in 1870, programs were enacted to make it impossible for them to exercise the franchise. And needless to say, the passage of the 19th Amendment 50 years later, which opened the franchise to women, only resulted in even more programs to deny African-Americans their ability to vote in many states. All of this was quite legal under the states’ rights doctrine until the 1960s, when President Johnson and Congress finally passed the Voting Rights Act, which put the federal government in charge of monitoring the election processes of jurisdictions that were proven to have discriminated in the past. Trying to keep racial and ethnic minorities from voting is as American as apple pie.

Over the years, the right wing, which has always been hostile to the idea of “too much” democracy, worked to create an illusion that there was a great threat of “voter fraud” in America that needed to be dealt with by enacting extremely restrictive voter eligibility requirements. There is no evidence of systematic voter fraud anywhere in America, but that hasn’t stopped the right from doing everything in its power to make it difficult for ordinary people to exercise the right to vote. (If only they were as vigilant about preventing the very real threat of gun violence.)

And they have been helped in this task, unbelievably, by Democrats who are so afraid of right-wing hysteria that they actually helped the Republicans destroy one of their voting rights institutions, ACORN, when a right-wing con artist produced a doctored video to tarnish its reputation. They didn’t even wait for the facts; they immediately wrung their hands and joined the metaphorical lynching. It was a low point in recent civil rights history and it proved that voting rights activists cannot count on the political class to have their backs even when it means their own party will suffer.

Vote suppression was, of course, the way they kept African-Americans from voting during Jim Crow, so even as they destroyed ACORN, the usual suspects simultaneously worked to undermine the VRA and finally succeeded in having a right-wing Supreme Court majority overturn it. Now Republican state governments are much freer to restrict voting so that the undesirable minorities, whom they assume will vote for the Democratic Party (and rightly so since Republicans are openly hostile to them), will have a much more difficult time voting. They will naturally keep up their assault on the ability of urban black voters to participate by eliminating polling places and reducing early voting, which makes it difficult for hardworking people to participate. But the latest attacks are coming from a number of other directions, some of which are openly undemocratic, and are increasingly focused on Hispanics.

For instance, the argument in Evenwel v. Abbott, the latest voting case to come before the Supreme Court, is that only eligible voters are entitled to representation by the government. This means, essentially, that children, legal residents, former felons or the mentally ill have no representation. Obviously, it will mean that undocumented workers, many of whom are counted in the census, will not be represented. As a practical matter this will have the fortuitous result (for Republicans) of making voting districts more rural and more white. And that is the point.

Nobody knows how such a thing can be implemented because there is no count of “eligible voters” — the census doesn’t ask the question and there would be no way of determining its validity anyway. But the consensus among legal observers seems to be that the court will likely divide along the usual partisan lines and thus change the way representation is apportioned to favor white Republicans once again.

That’s not the only thing they are doing. For obvious reasons, the biggest fear among Republicans these days is no longer the threat of black Americans voting. They will certainly continue to do everything in their power to make it hard for them to exercise their rights  — they are the Democrats’ most reliable constituency. But the major threat today comes from the fast-growing Latino population. Indeed, the campaign to deport immigrants and end birthright citizenship is hugely influenced by their fear that they will be demographically smothered in a few years by the American offspring of undocumented workers. The “path to citizenship” has them terrorized as they see it as an obvious electoral advantage for the Democratic Party.

There was a time when this prospect was actually considered an opportunity for Republicans who believed that they could appeal to this voting bloc through their shared belief in family values and small business entrepreneurship. One of George W. Bush’s greatest assets was considered to be his ability to attract Hispanics and he managed to get almost 40 percent of the vote in 2000. Unfortunately for Republicans, their older white constituency wants nothing to do with this — indeed, they are repelled by the idea of being in the same party as a group of immigrants who don’t look and sound like them. George W. Bush was abandoned by his party not only because of his Iraq debacle, but because he was widely considered to be soft on immigration.

As you can see from the presidential campaign, notwithstanding the party leaders’ understanding of their electoral challenge, this has hardened into a litmus test within the party. Republican voters want immigration stopped, they want a wall, they want deportation of undocumented immigrants and they want birthright citizenship to be repealed. (The last may require a constitutional amendment, although there are some cranks who insist it can be done legislatively. With this right-wing majority, they may even be able to get that endorsed by the Supreme Court.) GOP presidential candidates are required by the older white base to be openly hostile to Latinos, which ensures they will not get their votes. In that case, since the Latino population is growing very fast and is younger than the white population, the only option (aside from ethnic cleansing) is to try to prevent them from voting for Democrats by making it difficult at the voting booth and diluting their representation. Jim Rutenberg is writing a series on this subject for the New York Times Magazine that exposes the depth and breadth of this program. It’s being road-tested in Texas where there exists a serious possibility, if they are unable to succeed in turning back the tide, of a Democratic majority in a very few years due to the rapid growth in the Hispanic population. They are pulling out all the stops from local reapportionment of city council seats to the above-mentioned Supreme Court case attempting to deny representation to people who are ineligible to vote. And unfortunately, the Republicans have one very big advantage: fear. They have managed to make the process so harrowing that many Latinos don’t feel comfortable voting even though they have a perfect right to do so. And perhaps more relevantly, they are discouraged and depressed about participating in the system because of the invective and hostility coming from so many white Americans, particularly those in power. Getting them to turn out to vote is a huge challenge. But then that’s nothing new either. Historian Rick Perlstein quoted documentation on the subject back when he was researching his book “Before the Storm” about the 1964 Goldwater campaign and the right-wing takeover of the Republican Party. It’s a memo written by a Johnson staffer outlining the GOP vote suppression scheme called “Operation Eagle Eye.” This quote from the memo says it all: “Let’s get this straight, the Democratic Party is just as much opposed to vote frauds as is the Republican party. We will settle for giving all legally registered voters an opportunity to make their choice on November 3rd. We have enough faith in our Party to be confident that the outcome will be a vote of confidence in President Johnson and a mandate for the President and his running mate, Hubert Humphrey, to continue the programs of the Johnson-Kennedy Administration. But we have evidence that the Republican program is not really what it purports to be. It is an organized effort to prevent the foreign born, to prevent Negroes, to prevent members of ethnic minorities from casting their votes by frightening and intimidating them at the polling place.” Operation Eagle Eye was in every state in 1964, for all the good it did them. One Republican lawyer very assiduously worked in Arizona that year to keep Hispanic voters from the polls and was reputed to have been very effective at intimidation. His name was William Rehnquist. He went on to become chief justice of the Supreme Court. His successor, John Roberts, worked with the recount team during the infamous election theft of 2000, presided over the 2008 “voter fraud” case that allowed states to require ID, and wrote the opinion overturning the Voting Rights Act in 2014. These people play a very long game. But it’s unlikely they will be able to suppress the Latino vote forever. Their hostility may be intimidating to an older generation but the new generation is not going to accept this. And there are a whole lot of young Americans of Hispanic descent. If they vote, this right-wing program will finally fail and fail spectacularly. And it will likely take the whole Republican agenda down with it. These young Americans will never identify with such a party. These conservative bigots are sowing the seeds of their own demise.",1
2413,"Cruz eyes insurance via Obamacare, a law he vows to scrap (+video)","With the wife of the GOP presidential candidate having taken an unpaid leave of absence from her job, the family will soon lose access to health insurance.

Will Trump's plan to register Muslims make it to The White House?

Tesla under Trump: How will electric cars fare under the next president?

Sen. Ted Cruz, his wife Heidi, and their two daughters Catherine, left, and Caroline, right, wave on stage after he announced his campaign for president on Monday at Liberty University.

Sen. Ted Cruz could soon be buying his family's health care coverage through the Affordable Care Act, a law the Republican presidential candidate has vowed to repeal should he win the White House.

Sen. Cruz formally launched his presidential campaign on Monday, and his wife, Heidi Cruz, began an unpaid leave of absence from her job as a managing director in the Houston office of Goldman Sachs. That meant the family would soon lose access to health insurance through Mrs. Cruz's job, triggering a need for the Cruz family to find a new policy.

The first-term senator from Texas said he is looking at options available on a health insurance exchange, or a clearinghouse of policies available to Americans who don't receive coverage through their employers. The Democrats' health care law, also known as Obamacare, created the exchange system.

Under an amendment to the law crafted by Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa), the government can only offer members of Congress and their staff health care insurance that's sold through an exchange.

""We will presumably go on the exchange and sign up for health care, and we're in the process of transitioning over to do that,"" Cruz said in an interview with The Des Moines Register.

Cruz could go without insurance, or his family could get its coverage directly from an insurance company at what would likely be a far higher rate than is available via an exchange. Doing so would mean Cruz would not get the contribution from his employer to help offset the full cost of his coverage.

Asked about his plans for health care insurance on Tuesday, Cruz's staff initially pointed reporters to his interview with the Register. Several hours later, Rick Tyler, a Cruz spokesman, said Cruz and his family had not yet settled on an option or the financial implications of such a choice.

""Let's let them make a decision on what coverage they'll get before we start speculating on every variable,"" Mr. Tyler said.

Cruz has been a vocal critic of the health care law and, in 2013, set in motion a partial government shutdown as part of an unsuccessful effort to choke off funding for the law.

In his campaign kick-off speech, Cruz pledged to dismantle the law. His advisers said that remains his plan and pointed to his comments to the newspaper from Iowa, which hosts the lead-off caucuses in early 2016.

""I believe in 2017, a new president, a Republican president, will sign legislation repealing every word of it,"" Cruz told the Register.

Democrats highlighted that Cruz is now enrolling in a program he frequently criticizes.

""The Affordable Care Act, by design, helps Americans who have gaps in employment get coverage, and it's working,"" Democratic National Committee spokeswoman Holly Shulman said. ""We encourage others to follow presidential candidate Ted Cruz to www.healthcare.gov and get covered.""",1
2092,"On climate change, ideological and partisan polarization hardens","Later this week, Pope Francis will reportedly make a moral case for combating climate change, arguing that it is mostly a problem created by humans and that we must make fundamental lifestyle and energy consumption changes to reverse course — on behalf of the world’s poor, but also on behalf of all of us. This, among other factors, could help push climate change on to the national political agenda, giving it more relevance to this cycle than it has enjoyed in previous years.

But if anything, the partisan and ideological divide over global warming is as wide as ever, and perhaps is getting worse.

That’s what a new Pew poll indicates. The Pew poll finds that worry about global warming is on the rise: Some 69 percent of Americans now say it is a “very” or “somewhat” serious problem. However, Pew also finds: “views about the significance of global warming as a problem continue to diverge.”

The Pew poll finds that 68 percent of Americans think there is solid evidence of global warming. But the partisan divide is stark: 86 percent of Democrats and 70 percent of independents say there is evidence of it, while Republicans are split, 45-48, on the question.

That’s driven (not surprisingly) by conservative Republicans, the only ideological group that says there’s no solid evidence of climate change — and when you get deeper into the partisan and ideological breakdown, the differences get more stark:

Today, roughly nine-in-ten liberal Democrats (92%) say that there is solid evidence the earth’s average temperature is rising, and 76% attribute this rise mostly to human activity. Very few liberal Democrats (5%) say there is not solid evidence of warming. A clear 83% majority of conservative and moderate Democrats also say the Earth is warming, but just 55% say this is the result of human activity. By contrast, just 38% of conservative Republicans say that there is solid evidence of global warming. Reflecting a divide within the GOP, conservative Republicans stand out as the only ideological group in which a majority (56%) says that there is not solid evidence of a rise in the earth’s temperature (a 61% majority of moderate and liberal Republicans say the earth is warming).

Meanwhile, as David Leonardt notes, skepticism about global warming is running high among GOP voter groups, such as older voters, whites, men, and white evangelicals.

While there are reasons to doubt that Hillary Clinton will be quite the climate hawk that some advocates hope for, in her Saturday kick-off speech she leaned harder than expected into arguments for robust action to combat climate change and transition towards a clean energy economy and future. It’s often said that climate is not a motivating issue for voters, and it’s true that Democrats and advocates have not cracked this problem yet. That said, whatever the impact on the electoral outcome, it’s still plausible that climate will have a significantly higher profile this cycle than it has in previous ones.

It’s not just that Clinton appeared to signal that she will campaign on climate, as part of a broader bet on the Obama coalition of millennials, non-whites, and socially liberal college educated whites. It’s also a confluence of other factors: The Obama administration will roll out new EPA rules for existing power plans this summer, and the court battles over them will intensify. Meanwhile, President Obama will be trying to negotiate a global climate deal later this year in Paris. All indications are he’ll be talking about the issue more and more, as a key piece of his legacy. These developments may coincide with the intensifying GOP presidential primary, in which the candidates will all be showcasing the zeal with which they’d roll back Obama’s agenda — the climate piece included.

All of which seems likely to only make polarization around climate change worse. No matter what Pope Francis has to say about it.

UPDATE: I should also have noted that the Pew poll finds that worry about global warming is on the rise: Some 69 percent of Americans say it is a “very” or “somewhat” serious problem. I’ve edited the above to add that.",1
469,Neither Bush nor Rubio is placing above 4th in Iowa or New Hampshire,"At various points in 2011, Rick Perry, Herman Cain, and Newt Gingrich all surged to the front of national GOP primary polls. But all along, establishment favorite Mitt Romney had one bit of comfort. He always remained ahead in the New Hampshire primary — by double digits, in fact. With the Granite State in his back pocket, Romney didn't have to worry about coming up empty in all the early contests.

But Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio — this year's GOP candidates who seem most likely to get establishment support — have no such relief. Here's where they currently stand in the first two states to vote, according to the relevant RealClearPolitics averages:

My headline is generous to Rubio, who's been in fourth place in the most recent two Iowa polls, with a mighty 6 percent and 8 percent support.

Every Republican nominee in the modern system has managed to win either Iowa or New Hampshire. And it's long been believed that since Jeb Bush had little chance of winning the evangelical-dominated Iowa caucuses, New Hampshire was effectively a must-win state for him.

Bush still has time to make a comeback — millions of dollars in ad spending from his Super PAC might help — but the fact that he hasn't topped 9 percent in any poll there since August is surely setting off alarm bells in his camp.

Marco Rubio, meanwhile, has been raising eyebrows with his ""relatively light schedule"" in Iowa, New Hampshire, and South Carolina, as Bloomberg's Michael Bender recently reported. New Hampshire operatives in particular are in ""disbelief"" that Rubio has ""largely ignored"" their state, Bender writes.

This seems to be deliberate on Rubio's part — an effort to lower expectations for his own performance in the Granite State, so the media doesn't consider it a must-win for him. If Bush is discredited by a loss there, Rubio seems to hope, the party will rally to him instead. Yet a decision to effectively skip both Iowa and New Hampshire is a very risky one — as Rudy Giuliani found out with his infamously failed ""Florida strategy"" in 2008.

Like national presidential primary polls, early polls of the first states to vote have frequently proven volatile and inaccurate. For instance, the eventual winners of the 2008 and 2012 Iowa Republican caucuses — Mike Huckabee and Rick Santorum — were both in fifth place or lower in October of the previous year. The stability of the New Hampshire polls for Romney in 2011 and 2012 is actually rather unusual in recent years.

And the good news for Bush and Rubio, such as it is, is that most of the candidates ahead of them are the political neophytes who most observers believe will flame out eventually — Donald Trump, Ben Carson, and Carly Fiorina.

However, Ted Cruz — a candidate despised by the party establishment but who has a more traditional political background — is also ahead of Rubio in both states, and John Kasich is leading both Bush and Rubio in New Hampshire.

It certainly remains possible that there could be a late rally to either Bush or Rubio from voters in one or both early states. In 2004, for instance, John Kerry surged out of nowhere late to win the Iowa caucuses. He then won 45 other states and, of course, the nomination. As of now, though, supporters of these candidates will find little encouraging news in the latest numbers.",1
2266,High Court Ruling Against Gay Marriage Would Produce 'Chaos',"Gay and lesbian couples could face legal chaos if the Supreme Court rules against same-sex marriage in the next few weeks.

Same-sex weddings could come to a halt in many states, depending on a confusing mix of lower-court decisions and the sometimes-contradictory views of state and local officials.

Among the 36 states in which same-sex couples can now marry are 20 in which federal judges invoked the Constitution to strike down marriage bans.

Those rulings would be in conflict with the nation's highest court if the justices uphold the power of states to limit marriage to heterosexual couples. A decision is expected by late June in cases from Kentucky, Michigan, Ohio and Tennessee.

Top officials in some states, including California, seem determined to allow gay and lesbian couples to continue to marry no matter how the court decision comes out. But some county clerks, who actually issue marriage licenses, might not go along, experts said.

In other states, a high court ruling in favor of state bans would serve to prohibit any more such unions, but also could give rise to new efforts to repeal marriage bans through the legislature or the ballot.

The scenario may be unlikely, given the Supreme Court's role in allowing those lower court rulings to take effect before the justices themselves decided the issue. But if the court doesn't endorse same-sex marriage nationwide, ""it would be chaos,"" said Howard Wasserman, a Florida International University law professor.

Marriages already on the books probably are safe, said several scholars and civil liberties lawyers. ""There's a very strong likelihood these marriages would have to be respected, no matter what,"" said Christopher Stoll, senior staff attorney with the National Center for Lesbian Rights.

Gay and lesbian couples could continue to marry in the 16 states that have same-sex marriage because of state court rulings, acts of the legislature or statewide votes.

Similarly, the 14 states that prohibit same-sex couples from marrying, including the four directly involved in the Supreme Court cases, could continue enforcing their state marriage laws. That would include Alabama, where a federal judge has struck down the state's constitutional ban on same-sex marriage, but put her ruling on hold pending the high court's decision.

Of the remaining 20 states, any that fought unsuccessfully to preserve marriage bans would not have much trouble resuming enforcement. ""That state can immediately start saying we're going to deny marriage licenses to same-sex couples going forward,"" said Cornell University law professor Michael Dorf.

That list might include Alaska, Arizona, Florida, Idaho, Indiana, Kansas, Montana, Nevada, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Utah, West Virginia, Wisconsin and Wyoming.

Officials in some of those states refused to comment on how they would respond, citing the ongoing Supreme Court case. ""I'm just not going to speculate on what the court may or may not do,"" said Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback.

Things might be different in California, Colorado, Oregon, Pennsylvania and Virginia because top elected officials did not contest lower-court rulings in favor of same-sex marriage. Courts in those states issued orders, or injunctions, that forbid the state from enforcing the constitutional amendments or state laws that limit marriage to a man and a woman.

Typically, a participant in the lawsuit that led to the injunction has to ask the judge to undo it. But if the governor and attorney general are same-sex marriage supporters, they may have little incentive to go back into court. In California, for instance, Gov. Jerry Brown and Attorney General Kamala Harris both opposed Proposition 8, the state constitutional amendment that prohibited same-sex marriage. ""I think it's very unlikely that anyone would try to turn back the clock in California,"" Stoll said.

But Gene Schaerr, a Washington-based lawyer who has defended same-sex marriage bans, said he thinks even in states where the political leadership favors gay and lesbian unions, county clerks who actually issue marriage licenses would be on safe ground if they were to deny licenses to same-sex couples.

In Schaerr's view, only the clerks in Alameda and Los Angeles counties are bound by the 2010 injunction issued by U.S. District Judge Vaughn Walker. A Supreme Court ruling rejecting a constitutional right to marry for same-sex couples would ""free the clerks in counties other than Los Angeles and Alameda to adhere to Proposition 8,"" Schaerr said.

Colorado Attorney General Cynthia Coffman, a Republican, said she supports same-sex marriage, but believes voters need to remove the marriage ban from the state constitution — and would replace it with legal protection for same-sex marriage if given the chance. Coffman said she would ""gladly defend"" such an outcome.

If same-sex marriages cease in Virginia, Attorney General Mark Herring would try to get the state General Assembly to repeal the state's statutory and constitutional bans, Herring spokesman Michael Kelly said.

Some gay rights groups and state officials said the chance the court would not come out in favor of same-sex marriage is remote.

""Recent history of the past eight months, plus all the rulings of the past 20 years, don't indicate that to us this is going to go against us,"" said Tom Witt, executive director of gay rights organization Equality Kansas. ""It could, but a giant meteor could fall on my head in the next five seconds.""",1
4567,"Shift in Cuba politics boosts Obama, challenges Rubio","Miami (CNN) The oppression felt by many under the Castro regime still looms large at the epicenter of Cuban America: Miami's Little Havana neighborhood.

Cuban-born Americans at the popular Domino Park chat casually in Spanish as the domino tiles click, but most of them refuse to discuss President Barack Obama's new policy of normalizing relations with the communist country.

This past weekend, Obama shared a historic handshake with Raul Castro at the Summit of the Americas, and on Tuesday, Obama told Congress he intended to take Cuba off the state sponsors of terrorism list, moves that would have been unthinkable just years ago.

The Cuban immigrants in Miami, though, are concerned that if they talk about Obama's actions, their words could travel back to Havana and cause trouble for their families.

It's a fear, said Helena Jimenez, that's very real: ""You talk the wrong way, you're put in jail, your family is hurt.""

And yet Jimenez, who immigrated to the United States from Cuba when she was 8 years old, nearly 55 years ago, supports Obama's new policy.

Speaking outside Café Versailles, the famous Cuban eatery where exiles young and old gather for café con leche, Jimenez called the U.S. embargo against Cuba a ""cane of support"" that Cuban President Raul Castro has been leaning on as an excuse for poor conditions in his country -- and now that the cane is gone, she's hopeful he could tumble and fall.

Jimenez is emblematic of a broader shift within in the Cuban population in America, one that ultimately opened up the political space for Obama to start to change the U.S. stance toward the island nation.

But the same shift in attitudes that helped pave the way for Obama's course change has also diluted some of the potency of what was once a clear political winner for Republicans. Fernand Amandi, a principal at Bendixen & Amandi International, which specializes in polling Cuban Americans, said what was once a reliable GOP base vote has now become more of a swing vote.

""Going into 2016, the Cuban American vote in Florida will arguably be even more important than ever before, because now you're going to see both sides, Republicans and Democrats, go after them in ways we haven't seen before,"" he said.

It's a transformation that makes Florida GOP Sen. Marco Rubio's intense opposition to the Cuba opening a potential obstacle in his presidential pitch to voters who share his background, rather than the surefire crowd-pleaser it has long been.

The senator leaned heavily on the story of his immigrant parents' exile from Cuba in his presidential announcement on Monday, and he chose Miami's Freedom Tower, which served as a landing hub for many Cuban exiles through the latter half of the 20th century, for the launch itself.

Though the 43-year-old cast himself as a leader of the future, his focus on reasserting tough sanctions and freezing relations with Cuba is seen by many, especially younger Cuban Americans, as a policy of the past.

And that was the gist of the attack launched by the Democratic National Committee when Rubio on Tuesday condemned Obama's call for Cuba to be removed from the state sponsors of terrorism list.

""For a guy who just yesterday said he wanted to be a new leader and usher in a new American century, it sure sounds like Marco Rubio is clinging to an outdated foreign policy relic from the Cold War,"" said DNC spokesman Mo Elleithee.

Distance and time have transformed the Cuban American population, and in turn, its politics.

Orlando Feliciano, a 20-year-old sophomore at Miami University, is one of those young Cubans who say it's time for change. He described his family as split along generational lines, with his mother in favor of the move and his grandparents opposed ""because they feel like, that's a strategy that the Cuban government is using to generate more money.""

But Feliciano's own view is that thawing relations is the right decision.

""I mean, Cuba has been stuck with this government for over 50 years now, and I feel like it's time for something to change,"" he said Monday on his way to class on the sunny campus. ""The people deserve it.""

Carl Meacham, director of the Americas Program at the Washington-based Center for Strategic and International Studies, said it was difficult to ""pin down"" the Cuban American population as a voting bloc because of the diverse opinions within it.

""They are much more split today on the way forward than they have ever been,"" he said. ""You have more Cuban Americans supporting a change to how the United States is supporting Cuba than you have in the past.""

But it's still a potent political issue for older Cuban Americans, which helps explain Rubio's -- and the rest of the GOP field's -- Cuba focus, as older voters remain a key portion of the GOP base.

And Meacham noted that the stance on Cuba plays into the broader GOP campaign against executive overreach from the President, with Republicans portraying it as yet another example of Obama acting without congressional approval.

Part of the policy shift stems from Obama being a second-term president unconcerned with the politics of the issue -- and perhaps wanting to test his own theories of international engagement.

That's what Jaime Suchlicki, director of the Institute for Cuban and Cuban-American Studies at the University of Miami and an opponent of the thaw, said was behind Obama's move.

""He comes with a philosophy based on the idea that you make nice with your enemies and they become your friends,"" Suchlicki said. ""The President is doing this based on his own mindset, not on the reality of what is happening.""

He warned: ""The administration takes a significant risk that by taking this unilateral action, they get nothing from Cuba.""

Potential political backlash from the estimated 2 million Cuban Americans in the United States -- a huge portion of whom live in the key swing state of Florida, with a sizable enclave in heavily Democratic New Jersey -- has helped keep previous Democratic presidents from moving on promises to normalize relations.

That was the case in the early 1990s, when President Bill Clinton ended up signing the Helms-Burton Act, which further entrenched the embargo and restricted the president's ability to roll it back, rather than moving toward normalization.

""[It] was good election-year politics in Florida,"" he admitted in his memoir, before acknowledging that ""it undermined whatever chance I might have if I won a second term to lift the embargo in return for positive changes in Cuba.""

Meacham, who supports the policy shift, said the fact that Obama was freed from some of those concerns likely influenced the move.

""The President isn't going to have to run for office again and wasn't being overly careful with maintaining support in places like Florida, where the Cuban vote is pivotal,"" he said.

But not only do Democrats have less reason to fear a backlash on the Cuba shift, they have more Cuban voters to count on their side of the aisle.

Cuban Americans historically have been seen as a monolithic Republican voting bloc, but polling shows they have started to switch allegiances as the population has grown younger and more distant from Cuba.

Those shifts, Meacham argued, have made the Cuba issue ""one in which the train has sort of left the station.""

And they also mean that Rubio could have even less to gain by making the Cuba embargo a major issue.

""[Republicans] run the risk of losing a big chunk of support within the Cuban community"" by campaigning so aggressively against the diplomatic thaw, Amandi warned. ""It's not the type of issue where they can count on appealing to all Cuban Americans anymore.""

It is, however, the issue that entices 73-year-old Miguel Coppola, who came to the United States from Cuba on New Years' Eve 1951, to Rubio. After finishing a cafecito at the Versailles, Coppola said that ""of course"" the Florida senator will have the support of the Cuban American community.

""He's got the same values we have,"" he said, listing ""freedom in Cuba, freedom of speech, electing people in Cuba against dictatorships"" as examples of those values.

But for others, particularly the younger immigrants, it makes less of a difference.

Jimenez, who left Cuba in the late 1960s, said the Cuba issue isn't much of a deal-breaker. She said she's most interested in former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, because ""what we need in this country is a good person.""

And anyway, she said, ""It'll be hard to go back to the way we were,"" with an embargo against Cuba.

""It hasn't worked for more than 50 years, so why go back to that, you know?"" she said.",1
4732,"Giuliani, suggesting Trump may have ‘exaggerated’ in lewd comments, says, ‘talk and action are two different things’","Former New York City Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani struggled to defend Donald Trump against suggestions of sexual harassment and assault during uncomfortable interviews Sunday morning, amid the uproar over a 2005 video in which Trump made lewd comments and suggested he could grab women against their will because he is a celebrity.

“You're saying that the words are wrong. How about the actions?” Chuck Todd asked Giuliani on NBC’s “Meet the Press.”

“Well, the actions would be even worse if they were actions. Talk and action are two different things,” Giuliani said.

“I'm not implying it was made up. I said we're talking about things that he was talking about. I don't know how much he was exaggerating; I don't know how much is true,” Giuliani added. “I certainly don't know the details of it. But I do know that this is unfortunately the kind of talk that goes on among a lot of people and they shouldn't talk about this.”

Giuliani was pressed on that point during a separate interview on ABC’s “This Week.” During that conversation, Giuliani appeared to acknowledge that Trump’s description during the conversation suggested sexual assault.

“The problem isn't just the words. As both Senator McCain and Vice President Biden pointed out, what Trump is describing in that tape is sexual assault,” George Stephanopoulos told Giuliani on ABC’s “This Week.”

“That's what he's talking about. Whether it happened or not, I don't know. How much exaggeration was involved in that, I don't know. I do know there's a tendency on the part of some men at different times to exaggerate things like this. I'm not in any way trying to excuse it and condone it,” Giuliani responded.

Giuliani also signaled that Trump had not ruled out using Bill Clinton’s marital infidelities to attack Hillary Clinton during the second presidential debate. Meanwhile, Trump once again tweeted Sunday morning about Juanita Broaddrick, whose accusation that the former president raped her in 1978 was never litigated in criminal court and has been denied by the Clintons. Trump also appeared to lash out at politicians on social media who were critical of his lewd remarks.

During a tense exchange on CNN’s State of the Union, host Jake Tapper tore into the defense that Trump had merely engaged on “locker room” talk. Giuliani at one point suggested that many others have had similar conversations, which Tapper aggressively dismissed.

“First of all, I don’t know that he did that to anyone. This is talk, and, gosh almighty, he who hasn’t sinned cast the first stone here,” Giuliani told Tapper.

Tapper responded tersely: “I will gladly tell you, Mr. Mayor, I have never said that, I have never done that. I am happy to throw a stone. I don’t know any man, I’ve been in locker rooms, I've been a member of a fraternity. I have never heard any man, ever, brag about being able to maul women because they get away with it. Never.”

Giuliani said on “Meet the Press” that Trump would definitely attend Sunday night's debate and that he is “as prepared as he's ever been.” He said that Trump feels bad and that he'd like to move beyond the controversy to turn his attention to an issue-focused campaign.

Asked by Todd if Trump would bring up Bill Clinton’s infidelities, Giuliani initially said that he believed Trump would not. But he volunteered that he believed “Hillary Clinton's situation” — her role in questioning the character of the women who her husband had affairs with — was on the table to an incredulous Todd.

“What I'm talking about, the things that she has said and that have been reported in various books and magazines and other places about the women that Bill Clinton raped, sexually abused and attacked. Not Bill Clinton's role, but her role as the attacker,” Giuliani said.

The former New York City mayor dismissed questions about whether last-minute changes to the campaign’s TV surrogates Sunday morning. Originally, campaign manager Kellyanne Conway and Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus were supposed to appear on the shows.

“I don’t think anyone was going to defend his remarks. Is Kellyanne still a very strong supporter of Donald Trump,” Giuliani said on “Fox News Sunday.” “I think this is a question of scheduling, not being willing to explain.”

Giuliani said that Trump was embarrassed by the comments.

“I think when he heard them, he was shocked. I'm not going to say that he didn't remember them, but they probably weren't at the top of his mind. And when he was confronted with it, he was pretty darn shocked that he had said such terrible things, and he feels terrible about it,” Giuliani said on “Meet the Press.” “He feels terrible for his family and how embarrassing it is for them; he feels terrible from his own point of view. But he also realizes he has a responsibility. And I think the last 14 months have driven that into him.”",1
1929,Scott Walker’s economic mess: How worker wages were gutted in Wisconsin,"The Washington Post returned to Wisconsin this past weekend to empty union halls and a depressed workforce. The public employee union law – which barred contract negotiations on everything but base wages and limited annual salary increases to the rate of inflation, forced most unions to collect their own dues rather than having them deducted automatically by the state and mandated annual recertification of affiliates – has been more successful than even its supporters hoped.

In the state where public employee unions got their start, public workers see no need to stay enrolled, since unions cannot by law effectively advocate on their behalf. Membership in the Wisconsin affiliate of the National Education Association is down one-third; the American Federation of Teachers dropped by one-half; the state employees union fell 70 percent.

There are fewer public employees working, too, even though Gov. Walker claimed that the passage of the anti-union law would save jobs. The Wisconsin Budget Project finds that the ratio of public employees to total population is at its lowest level in at least two decades.

Overall, union membership in Wisconsin has fallen to 11.7 percent, down from 16 percent 10 years ago, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, suggesting a spillover into the private sector labor force as well. That will only continue if Walker gets his wish to turn Wisconsin into a right-to-work state, an effort being undertaken right now in the state Legislature.

Local unions are decreasing dues charges and walking door-to-door to persuade workers to return, but it hasn’t worked so far. The tables have been turned, from non-union workers coveting the good pay and decent benefits of their union counterparts, to demonizing them as greedy leeches that must get dragged down like everyone else. “I don’t see the point of being in a union anymore,” one ex-member told the Washington Post.

In many respects, the point of Walker’s anti-union crusade was to destroy the electoral muscle of the main opposition to his conservative agenda. But the most important impact of the creeping death of public unions in Wisconsin may be on take-home pay.

The Washington Post didn’t take note of this, but according to the Census Bureau’s American Community Survey, median household income in Wisconsin is $51,467 a year, nearly $800 below the national average. And it has fallen consistently since the passage of the anti-union law in 2011, despite a small bounce-back nationally in 2013. The Bureau of Economic Analysis puts Wisconsin in the middle of the pack on earnings growth, despite a fairly tight labor market with a headline unemployment rate of 5.2 percent.

This actually undercounts the problem a bit, because it doesn’t cover total compensation. For example, in the wake of the anti-union law, public employees lost the equivalent of 8-10 percent in take-home pay because of increased contributions to healthcare and pension benefits.

Moreover, the meager earnings growth that has come to Wisconsin has mostly gone to the top 1 percent of earners. Another Wisconsin Budget Project report shows that the state hit a record share of income going to the very top in 2012, a year after passage of the anti-union law. That doesn’t include the $2 billion in tax cuts Walker initiated in his first term, which went disproportionately to the highest wage earners. (This is precisely the agenda Walker is likely to run on in his presidential campaign.) The trends mirror those in the country at large, where labor has similarly stumbled. Real hourly wages fell for almost everyone nationwide in 2014, according to the Economic Policy Institute, except for the low-wage sector, bolstered by minimum wage increases at the state and local level. Wisconsin has not joined that movement, with its minimum wage still consistent with the federal floor, at $7.25 an hour. You can argue that squashing unions in Wisconsin had no bearing on income stagnation in the state. But you would have to ignore how the labor market works. If public employees cannot bargain for wages and benefits, they stay depressed. And employers who compete for well-educated workers, like those who take jobs in teaching and government administration, similarly don’t have to increase wages to attract their services. Blunting worker power in one sector has ripple effects everywhere else; as Larry Mishel wrote in the New York Times yesterday, “the erosion of collective bargaining is the single largest factor suppressing wage growth for middle-wage workers over the last few decades.” And Wisconsin provides a salient example of that. Collective worker action was behind the biggest wage announcement in the past several years: Wal-Mart’s move to increase entry-level pay to $9 an hour this year, and $10 an hour by 2016. This will act like Wisconsin’s wage depression in reverse: retailers will be forced to compete with Wal-Mart’s slightly higher wages, and the entire wage floor will push upward. And while an improving economy, tighter labor markets and the need to retain personnel may have factored into Wal-Mart’s decision, you cannot deny the role of the United Food and Commercial Workers’ campaign to organize Wal-Mart workers. “This is not an act of corporate benevolence,” said Marc Perrone, president of UFCW, in a statement on the Wal-Mart announcement. “Walmart is responding directly to calls from workers and their allies to pay a living wage.” In fact, the last time Wal-Mart faced significant labor unrest in 2006, it raised wages as a direct result, according to Federal Reserve minutes. It, like most businesses, makes changes that benefit workers only when its reputation is threatened and poor publicity ensues. That means that worker voices play a powerful role in wage growth. Scott Walker has taken that voice away from public unions, and effectively the entire Wisconsin labor movement, which finds itself crippled. That has real consequences for middle-class wages. Since Walker wants to bring this policy menu to the rest of the country in 2016, people on Main Streets outside of Wisconsin should take note.",1
2124,California slashes water use for upstate farmers,"State officials announced major water cutbacks for Northern California farmers Friday, a historic step that could challenge claims the agriculture industry is getting a free pass during the state's epic drought.

The cutbacks will affect some of California's oldest water rights holders — farmers who laid claim to surface water more than a century ago — for the first time in four decades. They will not be allowed to draw water from the San Joaquin River, the Sacramento River and the delta that forms where the two rivers meet. State officials said the rivers simply don't have enough water to meet the demands of all rights holders.

This isn't the first time during the current drought that state has cut off supplies to surface water users, including farmers. The water board has already ""curtailed"" nearly 9,000 water rights this year, all of them ""junior"" water rights that were established post-1914.

But for the first time since a severe drought in the late 1970s, California is starting to tell ""senior"" water rights holders, who laid claim to surface water before 1914, that there just isn't enough water for them. The cutbacks announced Friday impact rights holders who established their claims between 1903 and 1914.

And more historic cuts could be coming over the summer. The State Water Resources Control Board said Friday that it's continuing to monitor conditions in watersheds across the state, and that cutbacks could be on the horizon for even more senior rights holders.

""Curtailment notices for other watersheds and for more senior water right holders in these watersheds may be imminent,"" the water board said in a statement.

State officials said in a conference call that the water rights being curtailed comprise 1.2 million acre-feet, but it's unclear whether the cutbacks will save quite that much. The water board has indicated in recent months that curtailments for senior rights holders were coming, leading some farmers to store extra water in preparation.

Sammy Roth writes about energy and water for The Desert Sun. He can be reached at sammy.roth@desertsun.com, (760) 778-4622 and @Sammy_Roth.",1
2411,Bernie Sanders is unleashing a plan to make prescription drugs cheaper,"Generic drug prices have nearly quadrupled in the past five years — and Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) has a plan to fix it.

On Monday, Sanders, who is also running for the Democratic presidential nomination, rolled out a proposal that would place strict limits on how quickly pharmaceutical companies could hike generic drug prices. Specifically, drug manufacturers would have to pay a rebate back to Medicaid if their drug prices grew faster than inflation. Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-MD) is introducing the same bill in the House.

Generic drugs are cheaper versions of drugs that have lost their patent. But in recent years, the prices for generic drugs have been rising quickly and inexplicably. One report from pharmacy benefits manager Catamaran found that consumers paid, on average, $13.14 for each prescription of the 50 most popular generics in 2010. By 2014, they paid $62.10 — a 373 percent increase.

Sanders has previously cited federal records at hearings, showing that the prices of more than 1,200 generic medications rose an average of 448 percent between July 2013 and July 2014.

Generic drugs are typically meant to make medicine cheaper, giving patients less-expensive access to the costly drug formulations that pharmaceutical companies develop. You can see this clearly in the over-the-counter market: you can get 100 generic ibuprofen pills for $7.49 — or pay $9.99 for the brand-name drug Advil.

Generic drugs now compose more than 80 percent of all prescriptions dispensed annually in the United States, and experts think that's helped slow the growth of overall drug spending.

In recent years though, the market for generic prescription medications has become increasingly expensive, with drug manufacturers hiking up generic prices. This seems especially likely to happen when there is just one drug company making the generic, giving that manufacturer pretty complete control over the prices it wants to charge.

Consider the case of albendazole, an antiparasite drug that helps kill an infection caused by worms. It's not an especially common drug because it treats a relatively uncommon problem among lower-income populations, particularly refugees and immigrants.

Albendazole's patents expired years ago but there's still only one company that makes it, GlaxoSmithKline (GSK). And recently the drugmaker has quietly hiked the price. Data published in the New England Journal of Medicine shows that the average cost Medicaid paid for an albendazole prescription has increased from $36.10 in 2008 to $241.30 in 2013.

This is the exact same drug; the only difference is that in the span of six years, its price tag rose six-fold.

And albendazole isn't alone — there is a lot of data showing a steep increase in generic drug prices. The National Community Pharmacist Association says its members have seen generic prices increase ""as much as 600 percent"" in recent years.

The United States is one of the only developed countries that do not negotiate drug prices with pharmaceutical companies.

In Spain, the United Kingdom, and pretty much all other European countries, the government sits down with drugmakers and haggles over how much it will pay. Each country uses different negotiating tactics. The United Kingdom, for example, runs its bargaining through the National Institute for Clinical Evaluation, typically known by its acronym, NICE.

The United States works differently. Federal law bars Medicare, the country's largest insurance plan, from negotiating with drugmakers. Once a pharmaceutical company sets its price, the government-run plan that insures 49 million seniors is required to accept it.

There are thousands of private insurers, though, and they often have little clout to demand lower prices. Other countries are essentially buying in bulk, like shopping at Costco. The United States does the equivalent of going to the local grocery store — and paying more.

""We don't have a NICE in the United States,"" said Steven Pearson, founder and president of the Institute for Clinical and Economic Reviews, a nonprofit that evaluates evidence on medical tests. ""We have a system that says, ‘If it's better, we have to provide this pill, and you, the drugmaker, get to name the price.' It's not a market. It's drugmakers saying what they want.""

Sanders's new proposal wouldn't give the government the power to negotiate drug prices (although that is also an idea the Vermont senator supports).

Instead, it would require generic drug manufacturers to give Medicaid, the program that covers low-income Americans, a rebate for any growth in drug prices above and beyond overall inflation.

Drug companies will almost certainly oppose this idea, as it would cut into their profits — and, they'll argue, into their development of generic drugs. Sometimes they will cite a shortage of raw materials as a reason for the price hikes, and would likely point to that as reasons why they couldn't produce the drugs for less. Pharma is a strong lobby, and that (along with overall gridlock in Congress) would be a significant obstacle for this type of bill.

Still, the idea of rebates is not unprecedented in American health policy. Federal law requires that Medicaid get a 23 percent discount on all brand-name drugs' sticker prices. And individual state Medicaid programs are allowed to negotiate even lower prices with drugmakers if they so choose. The idea there was similar to the one in the Sanders bill: making drug prices cheaper for the program that serves the lowest-income Americans.",1
4407,Boehner 'baffled' by Israeli spying report,"Washington (CNN) U.S. lawmakers and administration officials expressed skepticism Tuesday that Israel had access to information on the Iran nuclear talks that went beyond what the White House had already shared with Capitol Hill, following a report that the Israeli government had given them secret details.

Members of Congress were both surprised by and dismissive of a Wall Street Journal story that the Israeli government spied on the U.S.-led negotiations and leaked information on the developing deal to legislators.

More than a half-dozen lawmakers in both parties and chambers denied receiving such briefings from Israel.

""I'm not sure what the information was. But I'm baffled by it,"" Boehner told reporters on Capitol Hill on Tuesday. ""No information (was) revealed to me whatsoever"" on the talks.

Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker, too, said he hadn't been privy to any leaks from Israeli officials and joked to CNN that he felt ""left out"" after he saw the WSJ report. Published late Monday, the article said that Israelis had eavesdropped on the confidential talks and leaked selective intelligence with the intent of rallying Democratic opposition to the developing agreement.

Israel has been vocally opposed to the emerging deal and made its concerns crystal clear to lawmakers, including in a controversial address to Congress earlier this month by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. The administration, which opposed Netanyahu's speech, has tried to counter Israel's lobbying for bills that would give Congress a vote on the deal, which many in both chambers oppose.

Corker hinted to reporters that he felt the Journal report was a continuation of that White House effort.

""I think y'all all understand what's happening here. I mean, you understand who's pushing this out,"" he said.

The administration, for its part, aggressively pushed back against suggestions that it hadn't been briefing Congress adequately, prompting lawmakers to search elsewhere for information on the talks.

""We have not just briefed Congress about the progress, or lack thereof, that's being made, but we've also briefed the Israelis and our other partners in the region and around the world,"" President Barack Obama said during a news conference on Monday afternoon.

He added that any agreement negotiators reach would be presented for scrutiny by all stakeholders, and said he felt there was ""significant transparency in the whole process.""

State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki, meanwhile, called it an ""absurd notion"" that Congress would have to rely on a foreign government to get information about the administration's negotiations with Iran.

But some Republicans maintained Tuesday that they have had to rely on other countries for information.

Corker said he gets ""a lot of information"" from foreign governments and suggested it was the White House's own fault if their failure to brief lawmakers had them turning to leaks from foreign governments. Congress has repeatedly complained about not receiving adequate information from the administration on Iran.

""If the White House was actually doing the normal advise and consent with the Senate then it wouldn't be necessary for us to get our information"" from foreign governments, Corker said.

Virginia Democratic Sen. Tim Kaine, however, said the White House had been helpful in its briefings on the Iranian nuclear talks. Psaki pointed Tuesday to hundreds of conversations the administration has held with members.

""The extent of the administration sharing with us has been very significant and I know the administration has been briefing Israel as well,"" Kaine said.

The substance of the alleged leaks — and whether they actually occurred — was unclear on Tuesday, with Congress members' professed ignorance matched by a senior official in the Israeli Prime Minister's office calling the allegations ""utterly false.""

""The state of Israel does not conduct espionage against the United States or Israel's other allies. The false allegations are clearly intended to undermine the strong ties between the United States and Israel and the security and intelligence relationship we share,"" the official told CNN.

But members of both parties said it was understandable the country would try to get whatever information it could.

Kaine, who noted that he hadn't received any information from Israeli officials he hadn't already gotten from the White House, said that if Israel had been trying to glean details about the talks through clandestine channels, he didn't find ""any of that that controversial.""

""I don't look at Israel or any nation directly affected by the Iranian program wanting deeply to know what's going on in the negotiation ... as spying,"" he said. ""I look at that as, that's what you would do if you're directly affected.""

And Maryland Rep. Steny Hoyer, the number two House Democrat and someone who has worked across the aisle on Iran, acknowledged that spying is not an unusual practice for most nations.

""All nations try to get as much information as they can about what's going on that affects them -- including the United States of America, as we know,"" said Hoyer, who added that he hadn't received any leaked information from Israel.

But Psaki said that the U.S. continues to share information with Israel on Iran and other shared interests even as the administration has made an effort to protect the sensitive negotiations against leaks.

""I think we've spoken in the past to our concern in the past has been about leaks of certain sensitive information. And obviously, we've taken steps to ensure that the negotiations remain private,"" she said.",1
4096,There’s a good reason protesters at the University of Missouri didn’t want the media around,"Video of a confrontation between a news photographer and protesters at the University of Missouri on Monday led to a dispute between journalists and the activists’ sympathizers beyond the campus walls. In response to a series of racial issues at the university, a circle of arm-linked students sought to designate a “safe space” around an encampment on the campus quad. When they blocked journalist Tim Tai from photographing the encampment, reporters complained that media were denied access to a public space.

Certainly, Tai – like any journalist – had a legal right to enter the space, given that it was in a public area. But that shouldn’t be the end of this story. We in the media have something important to learn from this unfortunate exchange. The protesters had a legitimate gripe: The black community distrusts the news media because it has failed to cover black pain fairly.

As a journalist, I understand how frustrating it is to be denied access to a person or place that’s essential to my story. I appeared with other journalists on local media in New York City to discuss our frustration over Mayor Bill de Blasio’s sometimes standoffish attitude towards the press. He is a public figure whose salary is paid with tax dollars. He is obligated to be accessible to us.

[Campus racism makes minorities drop out of college. Mizzou students had to act.]

The student protesters Tai encountered, though, didn’t owe him anything. They did not represent a government entity stonewalling access to public information. They were not public officials hiding from media questions. They were young people trying to build a community free not only of the racism that has recently wracked Mizzou’s campus but also of the insensitivity they encounter in the news media: Newspapers, Web sites and TV commentary had already been filled by punditry telling black students to “toughen up” and “grow a pair.” Then, in the noisy conversation about First Amendment rights that Tai elicited, journalists compounded the insult by drowning out the very message of the students Tai was covering.

As journalists, we should strive to understand the motivations of the people we cover. In this case, black students at the University of Missouri have had a string of racist encounters on campus: The president of the students’ association was called the n-word and other black students have been racially harassed while participating in campus activities. A Missouri journalism professor wrote in the Huffington Post that she has been called the n-word “too many times to count” during her 18 years at the university. In February 2010, black students woke up to cotton balls strewn over on the lawn of the black culture center on campus. The crime, carried out by white students, was designed to invoke plantation slavery. University president Tim Wolfe resigned Monday after graduate student Jonathan Butler went on a hunger strike and the school’s football players boycotted team activities to protest the very public racism he and many black students believe the school did little to address.

Establishing a “safe space” was about much more than denying the media access; it was about securing a zone where students’ blackness could not be violated. Yes, the hunger strike, the safe space and other demonstrations were protests, and protests should be covered. But what was fueling those protests was black pain. In most circumstances, when covering people who are in pain, journalists offer extra space and empathy. That didn’t happen in this case; these young people weren’t treated as hurting victims. Instead, after the confrontation with Tai, aggrieved journalists responded with a ferocity usually reserved for powerful entities with the means to inflict lasting damage on their First Amendment rights.

This wasn’t a problem with Tai’s character or his journalistic integrity; he was doing his job, and his past outstanding work speaks for itself. But in this conversation over “public space,” we’ve overlooked the protesters’ message — that conditions on campus make it an unbearable environment for black students to live and learn in. Their approach to creating a safe space should have been better conceived, but reporters should also feel a responsibility to try to understand and respect their pain, instead of rushing to judge them and panicking about an imagined assault on press freedoms.

[Shooters of color are called ‘terrorists’ and ‘thugs.’ Why are white shooters called ‘mentally ill’?]

Further, as reporters, we have to drop our sense of entitlement and understand that not everyone wants to be subjects of our journalism. Our press passes don’t give us the license to bully ourselves into any and all spaces where our presence is not appreciated. It’s one thing to demand access to public lands; it’s another to demand access to people’s grieving.

In many communities that historically have been marginalized and unfairly portrayed by the media, there’s good reason people do not trust journalists: They often criminalize black people’s pain and resistance to racial oppression. We saw it in coverage of Ferguson and Baltimore, when news stations seemed more concerned with the property damage than with the emotional damage that prompted it. Though peaceful protests in Ferguson had been going on for days, reporters didn’t descend on the town in large numbers until there were clashes with police. Suddenly, coverage spiked, but most of it was about “cars vandalized” and “buildings burned.” On Fox News, the channel most watched for Ferguson coverage at the height of the unrest, protesters were called “thugs.” Reporting from the protests, CNN’s Don Lemon noted, “Obviously, there’s a smell of marijuana in the air.” We heard comparatively little about the residents’ long-held grievances about police harassment and brutality.

The unfair portrayal of black people in the news media is well documented. One study analyzing news coverage by 26 local television stations, black people were rarely portrayed unless they had committed a crime. A 2015 University of Houston study found that this imbalanced coverage may lead viewers to develop racial bias against black people because it often over-represents them in crime rates. Recognizing this kind of bias in news media, black Twitter users started the #IfTheyGunnedMeDown hashtag to call out news images of Mike Brown that many felt criminalized him in his death.

That black students would be skeptical of media is understandable. We’ve already seen the kind of headlines they undoubtedly feared. In an Atlantic piece headlined “Campus Activists Weaponize ‘Safe Space’,” Conor Friedersdorf calls the protesters a mob and insists they are “twisting the concept of ‘safe space.’” Again, a journalist criminalizes black people for expressing their pain. It was another piece centering the reporter’s privilege over the students’ trauma. Friederdorf’s piece completely ignores the intolerable racial climate that forced the students to establish a safe space in the first place.

[Black college football and basketball players are the most powerful people of color on campus]

There were other ways to cover these students’ protest without breaching their safe space and without criminalizing them.The human chain students formed provided ample b-roll and still photos. Students could have been interviewed outside of that space. I would have pitched a story to my editors with the headline, “Why Black Students Were Forced To Secure A Safe Space On A Public Campus.”  But to do that requires self-reflection and not a condescending, self-absorbed soliloquy about the First Amendment.

For journalists, the Missouri protests are a big news story. For the black students we’re covering, however, it’s a fight for their humanity and liberation. Tai is correct: he was doing his job. But in that stressful moment he may have failed to realize that the space he wanted to enter was a healing one that black people had worked to secure.

Black pain is not an easy subject to cover, but the lesson we can take from this encounter at Missouri is that our presence as journalists, with the long legacy of criminalizing blackness that comes with it, may trigger the same harmful emotions that led to the students’ protests in the first place.

We used to count black Americans as 3/5 of a person. For reparations, give us 5/3 of a vote.

Don’t criticize Black Lives Matter for provoking violence. The civil rights movement did, too.

This is what white people can do to support #BlackLivesMatter",1
590,Matt Bevin is the next governor of Kentucky. He has President Obama to thank.,"Matt Bevin, the Republican nominee in the Kentucky governor's race, wasn't a very good candidate.  By all accounts, he was standoffish and ill at ease on the campaign trail, and inconsistent — to put it nicely — when it came to policy.  The Republican Governors Association, frustrated with Bevin and his campaign, pulled its advertising from the state.  Polling done in the runup to today's vote showed Bevin trailing state Attorney General Jack Conway (D).

And yet, Bevin won going away on Tuesday night. How? Two words: Barack Obama.

Obama is deeply unpopular in Kentucky. He won under 38 percent of the vote in the Bluegrass State in 2012 after taking 41 percent in 2008. In the 2012 Democratic primary, ""uncommitted"" took 42 percent of the vote against the unchallenged Obama. One Republican close to the Kentucky gubernatorial race said that polling done in the final days put Obama's unpopularity at 70 percent.

So, when the RGA returned to Kentucky for the final two weeks with $1 million worth of ads, you can guess who was prominently featured.

Yup! President Obama. And, in particular, his famous/infamous comments about his policies being on the ballot during an October 2014 economic speech at Northwestern.  Here are the key 28 words from Obama: ""I am not on the ballot this fall. Michelle’s pretty happy about that. But make no mistake: these policies are on the ballot. Every single one of them.""

Republicans clubbed Democrats in swing and GOP-leaning states with Obama's comments in the 2014 midterms. So, why not repeat the same blueprint a year later?

""Our families can't afford four more years of the liberal policies of President Obama and career politicians like Jack Conway,"" the ad's narrator says as ominous pictures of the two men are shown on the screen. ""Can you really trust Obama and Conway to make things better?""

Now, it wasn't solely Obama's popularity that cost Conway on Tuesday night. ""Conway was the anchor around Conway,"" said one Democratic strategist familiar with the polling in the contest. ""In many ways Conway is the [former Massachusetts state attorney general] Martha Coakley of Kentucky. There's just something about him that voters simply don’t want to vote for.""

Conway might not be Kentucky's cup of tea. But, Bevin, from his odd and less-than-promised primary challenge to Sen. Mitch McConnell (R) in 2014 all the way through his surprise primary win in this race and rough-around-the-edges general election campaign was far from the ideal GOP candidate either.

The difference? Conway had a ""D"" after his name — just like President Obama. And, in a state like Kentucky, that appears to be more than enough.",1
4174,"Fear of Trump sparking a surge in citizenship, voter applications","- The campaign of the presumptive Republican nominee, Donald Trump, is sparking a surge in the number of citizenship applications and voter registrations among Hispanics fearful of his immigration policies. Since January, California alone has seen a boost of 218 percent in Democratic registration and among Hispanics, registration is up 123 percent. ()",1
3435,John Roberts helps overthrow the Constitution,"Conservatives are dismayed about the Supreme Court’s complicity in rewriting the Affordable Care Act — its ratification of the IRS’s disregard of the statute’s plain and purposeful language. But they have contributed to this outcome. Their decades of populist praise of judicial deference to the political branches has borne this sour fruit.

The court says the ACA’s stipulation that subsidies are to be administered by the IRS using exchanges “established by the State” should not be construed to mean what it says. Otherwise the law will not reach as far as it will if federal exchanges can administer subsidies in states that choose not to establish exchanges. The ACA’s legislative history, however, demonstrates that the subsidies were deliberately restricted to distribution through states’ exchanges in order to pressure the states into establishing their own exchanges.

The most durable damage from Thursday’s decision is not the perpetuation of the ACA, which can be undone by what created it — legislative action. The paramount injury is the court’s embrace of a duty to ratify and even facilitate lawless discretion exercised by administrative agencies and the executive branch generally.

The court’s decision flowed from many decisions by which the judiciary has written rules that favor the government in cases of statutory construction. The decision also resulted from Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr.’s embrace of the doctrine that courts, owing vast deference to the purposes of the political branches, are obligated to do whatever is required to make a law efficient, regardless of how the law is written. What Roberts does by way of, to be polite, creative construing (Justice Antonin Scalia, dissenting, calls it “somersaults of statutory interpretation”) is legislating, not judging.

Roberts writes, almost laconically, that the ACA “contains more than a few examples of inartful drafting.” That is his artful way of treating “inartful” as a synonym for “inconvenient” or even “self-defeating.”

Rolling up the sleeves of his black robe and buckling down to the business of redrafting the ACA, Roberts invents a corollary to “Chevron deference.”

Named for a 1984 case, Chevron deference has become central to the way today’s regulatory state functions. It says that agencies charged with administering statutes are entitled to deference when they interpret ambiguous statutory language. While purporting to not apply Chevron, Roberts expands it to empower all of the executive branch to ignore or rewrite congressional language that is not at all ambiguous but is inconvenient for the smooth operation of something Congress created. Exercising judicial discretion in the name of deference, Roberts enlarges executive discretion. He does so by validating what the IRS did when it ignored the ACA’s text in order to disburse billions of dollars of subsidies through federal exchanges not established by the states.

Chevron deference does for executive agencies what the “rational basis” test, another judicial invention, does for legislative discretion.

Since the New Deal, courts have permitted almost any legislative infringement of economic liberty that can be said to have a rational basis. Applying this extremely permissive test, courts usually approve any purpose that a legislature asserts. Courts even concoct purposes that legislatures neglect to articulate. This fulfills the Roberts Doctrine that it is a judicial function to construe laws in ways that make them perform better, meaning more efficiently, than they would as written by Congress.

[Bernstein: Why the Affordable Care Act is so messed up]

Thursday’s decision demonstrates how easily, indeed inevitably, judicial deference becomes judicial dereliction, with anticonstitutional consequences. We are, says William R. Maurer of the Institute for Justice, becoming “a country in which all the branches of government work in tandem to achieve policy outcomes, instead of checking one another to protect individual rights. Besides violating the separation of powers, this approach raises serious issues about whether litigants before the courts are receiving the process that is due to them under the Constitution.”

The Roberts Doctrine facilitates what has been for a century progressivism’s central objective, the overthrow of the Constitution’s architecture. The separation of powers impedes progressivism by preventing government from wielding uninhibited power. Such power would result if its branches behaved as partners in harness rather than as wary, balancing rivals maintaining constitutional equipoise.

Roberts says “we must respect the role of the Legislature” but “[A] fair reading of legislation demands a fair understanding of the legislative plan.” However, he goes beyond “understanding” the plan; he adopts a legislator’s role in order to rescue the legislature’s plan from the consequences of the legislature’s dubious decisions. By blurring, to the point of erasure, constitutional boundaries, he damages all institutions, not least his court.

Read more from George F. Will’s archive or follow him on Facebook.",1
1602,Poll gives Biden edge over Clinton against GOP candidates; VP meets with Trumka,"A new national poll shows Vice President Biden faring better than Hillary Clinton in match-ups against top Republican presidential candidates, as the VP weighs jumping into the race -- and meets Thursday with a top labor leader.

Fox News has learned that Biden is meeting later in the day with AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka. This comes after he met last weekend with liberal icon, Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren.

He's making the rounds amid a flurry of polls showing Clinton potentially vulnerable. The latest Quinnipiac University National Poll shows Clinton polling better than Biden – who is not a declared candidate – in the Democratic primary race. But the poll gives Biden the slight edge when squared against leading GOP contenders.

""Note to Biden: They like you, they really like you, or they like you more than the others,” Tim Malloy, assistant director of the Quinnipiac University Poll, said in a statement.

The poll shows Biden leading Republican front-runner Donald Trump, 48-40 percent. He also leads former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, 45-39 percent.

The former secretary of state also edges those candidates, but not by as much. She leads Trump 45-41 percent; she leads Bush 42-40 percent.

Both candidates narrowly lead Florida Sen. Marco Rubio. The survey comes on the heels of another showing Biden running strong in head-to-head match-ups against Republicans in key swing states.

Biden continues to weigh a potential bid, as Clinton struggles with the controversy over her personal email and server, and faces eroding poll numbers. The Quinnipiac poll showed her with her worst favorability rating yet – with only 39 percent holding a favorable view of her, compared with 51 percent who don’t.

Clinton weighed in on the Biden rumors Wednesday, saying in Iowa that, “He should have the space and the opportunity to decide what he wants to do.”

“I’m going to be running for president regardless,” she added.

The Quinnipiac poll of 1,563 registered voters was conducted Aug. 20-25. It has a margin of error of 2.5 percentage points.",1
3112,Pope Francis’ address to Congress: what it means for six Catholic lawmakers (+video),"More Catholics are in Congress than ever before – and in positions of power. To each, however, Pope Francis' visit means something different.

Pope Francis talks with President Obama after arriving at Andrews Air Force Base Sept. 22. (First lady Michelle Obama is shown at right.) This is the pope's first visit to the United States, and he will become the first pontiff to ever address a joint session of Congress Thursday.

When Pope Francis addressed a joint meeting of Congress on Thursday morning – a first for a pope – he looked out on the most Catholic Congress ever. Just over 30 percent of the lawmakers are Roman Catholic, with that group evenly balanced between Democrats and Republicans.

While these members may be in agreement on religious affiliation, they’re often at odds over politics. Indeed, Francis arrives at a time of great tension on the Hill, as abortion politics plays out in a funding battle that could trigger a government shutdown next week. And because of the pope’s views on climate change, one Catholic lawmaker, Rep. Paul Gosar (R) of Arizona, says he’s boycotting the address.

Still, Catholic members are clearly honored – and excited – by the visit, which has caused them to reflect on their faith and the message of this popular pope.

Here are the views of six Catholic lawmakers ahead of the address – their hopes for healing of the body politic and the effect of their religious beliefs on their outlook as legislators.

Before he got into public service, the congressman – originally from Boston – considered the priesthood. He spent six years studying at a Catholic seminary. He views the pope’s visit through the lens of history, recalling his boyhood excitement over John F. Kennedy’s presidential campaign.

“I was an Irish-Catholic Bostonian bursting with pride that one of our own was running for president,” Representative Connolly relates in an interview in the chandeliered speaker’s lobby of the House. “Imagine the chagrin I felt when I saw the headline of Time magazine and Newsweek at that time, saying, ‘Can a Catholic be president?’ and questioning our patriotism, our allegiance to the country.”

It was a “shock” that anyone would even ask such a question, or that the nominee would have to answer it, he says.

Connolly describes the integration of Catholics and their religion in the “great American mosaic” as coming to “full resolution” with the invitation to Francis to address the Congress – and the nation.

Can other religions, such as Islam, make a similar journey?

“I think so. America is always a work in progress,” he says. “We’re about ultimately expanding rights. Widening inclusivity. Broadening opportunity. And so acceptance and tolerance is in our future, and more of it.”

Like other lawmakers, Senator Collins says her faith “informs” her political philosophy but doesn’t “dictate” it.

For instance, she doesn’t agree with the Catholic Church’s teachings on contraception and early-term abortions. But unlike many of her Republican colleagues, she’s very glad the pope is sounding the alarm over climate change.

In her college days at St. Lawrence University, the senator took a course in Christian ethics. She was surprised that a whole unit was devoted to the environment and stewardship.

“The concept of stewardship, and that we should leave the earth in a better condition for the next generation, is very much a biblical concept,” she says. Francis’ views on that “reinforce” her own.

“This pope’s message of inclusiveness, forgiveness, mercy, and love is so appealing to me as well as to lapsed Catholics and people who aren’t even Catholic,” says Collins, who planned to bring her mother, in her late 80s, to the address.

The senator hoped that the pope “appeals to our better natures, that he preaches a message of unity and compassion for others that are less fortunate, and that he challenges us.”

Over the past 20 years, Mr. Boehner has invited three popes to speak before Congress. One finally accepted. It fulfills a dream for a man with Catholicism deeply anchored in himself.

Boehner grew up in a big working-class family – the second of 12 children. He went to Mass before school and said prayers with his football teammates and coach at his Catholic high school.

Prayer is a big part of the speaker’s life. When friends first suggested he run for Congress, he declined. But he went each morning for a month to church and prayed about it.

“Apparently, after a month, he got the answer,” says his former chief of staff Mick Krieger, in a video about the speaker.

“I have my conversations with the Lord. They start in the morning early, and they go on all day long. You can’t do this job by yourself,” Boehner has said.

The speaker had a one-on-one with Francis before the pontiff took his place in the House. After the address, the pope moved out to the speaker’s balcony to greet the crowds on the West Lawn of the Capitol.

The speaker’s office planned to record the visit from beginning to end at speaker.gov/pope.

""I think there's a lot of interest in what the pope is saying, his outreach to the poor, the fact he thinks people ought to be more religious,"" Boehner said in a video released by his office. ""He's got some other positions that are a bit more controversial. But, it's the pope!”

Italian-American, the daughter of a politician father (who was mayor of Baltimore), and a longtime public figure herself, the top Democrat in the House has an unusual history of encounters with popes.

They started in the eighth grade, when she visited Pope Pius XII in Rome with her family, she recounts to reporters. As a young woman, she stood along the papal parade route in Manhattan, thinking that Pope Paul VI had seen her waving. She knows better now, she laughs.

She speaks reverently of Pope John Paul II, whom she welcomed to San Francisco in 1987, and of the writings and speeches of Pope Benedict XVI, whom she met in Rome in 2009. He is the author of her favorite encyclical, “God is love.”

The visit of Francis to Congress “is thrilling beyond words.” He will speak as a head of state, she says, so “it won’t be a blessing.” And yet, Catholics such as herself are “overwhelmingly almost emotional about the religious experience of his coming.”

She may not agree with the church on abortion – a woman has God-given free will, in her view – but the pope’s “commitment to focusing on the climate crisis” is an “act of worship.” Ditto on his emphasis on helping the needy.

“To minister to those needs is an act of worship, to ignore those needs is to disown the God who made us. That’s how I see his visit.”

The freshman lawmaker from Miami says that “being a practicing Catholic makes me very hopeful about my role as a legislator” and what Congress can do to help the neediest people in the country and the world. His faith, he says, “indirectly” influences his policy decisions.

Representative Curbelo is a product of a prestigious Catholic boys’ school, Belen Jesuit Preparatory School in Miami. Its motto is “Men for Others,” and he carried that interest into his work on the Miami-Dade County School Board before being elected to Congress last year. His focus in the House is on reforming poverty programs, K-12 schooling, and higher education.

Curbelo hoped that the pope would speak broadly about issues, rather than make specific policy recommendations. Highlight climate change? A good idea. Prescribe a carbon tax? Not so good. Call attention to the Syrian refugee crisis? Please. Ask the United States to take 100,000 refugees? That would be an “inappropriate” suggestion.

More than anything, Curbelo hoped Francis “inspires us and shows us that we can work together here.” Being from a swing district, the young congressman is taking a pragmatic approach to politics and is willing to compromise.

“Maybe the pope can help renew the Congress in some way,” he says.

Up in his office on the third floor of the Capitol, the second-ranking Democrat keeps a Roman Catholic prayer book that belonged to his grandmother. It’s in Lithuanian. She brought it with her and her three children when she crossed the ocean to immigrate to America in 1911.

In the old country, the book was contraband, because Russians were imposing their orthodox religion. But in America, said Senator Durbin on the Senate floor on Tuesday, his grandmother could use that prayer book freely.

The senator told this story in a windup of praise for the Constitution’s religious-freedom provisions, including that there is no religious test for elected office. The broader context was Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson’s recent comment that a Muslim should not be president, as well as GOP antiabortion measures in the Senate this week.

Caught as he exited the chamber, Durbin commented on the effect of Catholicism on his outlook as a legislator.

“I’ve always tried to be thoughtful about the relationship between religion and democracy,” he said. “My values guide me, but I want to make my decisions in the context of our Constitution and our democracy.”

Francis is “wildly popular” in his family and comes up at the dinner table, with praise for his decision to dress in an unadorned way and to live in a simple apartment. “A humble life. What an inspiration!”

As for the pope’s message, Durbin smiles and laughs: “It is no surprise that all of us in political life are thinking about the political impact of his message. Is it going to be more Democratic, more Republican? What is he going to say that makes us feel good or makes us squirm?”

His guess is that the pope will transcend the political and speak to larger issues.

“I have such faith in this man.... I didn’t think I would live long enough to see another pope in the mold of John XXIII, and Pope Francis has answered my prayers.”",1
926,Kasich: ‘My Republican Party doesn’t like ideas’,"Ohio Gov. John Kasich (R) criticized his party for a lack of ideas Wednesday in a wide-ranging and occasionally combative interview with The Washington Post’s editorial board.

Kasich, who sees the April 26 primary in Maryland as a way to increase his delegate total, argued that neither of his rivals could win the presidency, because of their negativity.

“If you don’t have ideas, you got nothing, and frankly my Republican Party doesn’t like ideas,” ­Kasich said. “They want to be negative against things. We had Reagan, okay? Saint Ron. We had Kemp, he was an idea guy. I’d say Paul Ryan is driven mostly by ideas. He likes ideas. But you talk about most of ’em, the party is knee-jerk ‘against.’ Maybe that’s how they were created.”

[Read the transcript of John Kasich’s interview with the Washington Post edtiorial board]

After Tuesday’s New York primary, where weeks of campaigning landed Kasich half a dozen delegates, the governor repeatedly emphasized his conservative credentials while taking care to define what “conservative” was.

“I’m gonna kill the Commerce Department,” Kasich said. “I don’t know why you don’t have an Education Department tied to the Labor Department.”

Kasich derided the idea of a carbon tax — “I’m not big on tax increases” — and when challenged on the math behind his tax-cut plan, which many analysts say would increase deficits, he mocked the pretenses of experts.

“The Center for a Responsible Budget — what have they ever balanced?” he asked. “When there is certainty, both on the regulatory side, on the tax side, and on the spending side, you basically get economic growth. And look, if we find out that we’re getting off the path, then we’ll have to adjust.”

For more than a month, Kasich has been mathematically eliminated from winning the Republican nomination with the pledged delegates awarded in primaries. Tuesday’s result in New York came close to slamming the same door on Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.), something the senator addressed in an impromptu news conference Wednesday. While Cruz went on to call Kasich a “spoiler,” the Ohio governor agreed with him on one point: Front-runner Donald Trump was not entitled to the nomination if he failed to reach a simple majority of 1,237 delegates.

“One time I made an 83 on my math test, and I did better than everybody else, and I asked the teacher: How come I don’t have an A?” Kasich said. “The teacher said, ‘An A is 90.’ I said, ‘Oh, I get it.’ Say he gets in there with 1,100 — go get the rest of ’em.”

Kasich went on to imagine a convention where he could appeal to Trump voters by respecting them. Citing his work in Ohio to calm tensions after a police shooting in Cleveland, Kasich said he’d advanced past his “bombast years, where I was pounding on everybody.” He boasted of Ohio’s fracking boom but emphasized that the state had probably “the most” regulation of the ­natural gas industry in the country.

He also rejected the idea that he had moderated by opposing “birthright citizenship” when he was a congressman and endorsing it as a governor.

“I probably signed onto some bill,” shrugged Kasich. “Somebody probably walked up to me on the floor and said, ‘how ’bout putting your name on this?’ ”

At other points, Kasich vigorously defended his record. He said that changes to Ohio’s early voting law, opposed by Democrats, were simply fair and had been requested by local officials.

“Do you think 28 days of voting is restrictive?” Kasich asked. “How many other states have 28 days of early voting?”

Kasich made a few stabs at populism, criticizing the President Obama-era Federal Reserve for its multiple rounds of quantitative easing. To Kasich, that only resulted in companies “buying up more of their stock and making the rich richer.” He was otherwise light on criticism of the Obama administration.

On the District, Kasich dismissed the idea of statehood or a vote in Congress.

“I just don’t see that we really need that, okay?” Kasich said. Referring to the Republicans who have stopped such proposals, ­Kasich said that “they know that’s just more votes in the Democratic Party.”

But as he pondered the question some more, Kasich softened.

“They send me a bill, and I’m president of the United States?” he said. “I’ll read your editorials.”",1
1777,What does Rick Perry have?,"We’ve looked at the arguments for the presidential candidacies of Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.). Turning to former Texas governor Rick Perry, one might conclude he is the most underestimated candidate. Pundits who rank candidates tend to put him in the bottom tier of contenders. Like generals, however, pundits tend to fight the last campaign, and in the case of Perry that means affixing a dunce cap to his head and writing him off. He certainly has a tiny margin for error, but I tend to think voters care less about past mistakes and more about what they see before them. So what does Perry have to show them?

1. People do like a comeback story. His rotten performance ushered in a “new” Perry, more humble and studious.

2. He is a grown up. In a field of freshman senators, a couple media figures (Ben Carson and Mike Huckabee) and a rising but less experienced star from the ranks of governors (Scott Walker of Wisconsin) Perry unarguably has the advantage of 14 years as governor, a background including the border crisis and other situations demanding crisis management and the experience of having run for president once before. In a New Hampshire round table, he reiterated the argument: “Americans are going to want someone who has been tested, someone who’s got results in their background and we’re not going to choose another young, untested United States senator. I don’t think that is where Americans are going to want to go.” Again he stressed, “Rhetoric is fine. Nobody loves a barn burning speech any more than I do, but if you don’t have the record to back that up — if you’re not road-tested — then I think there is always a concern.”

3. He is the only candidate with military experience. Oddly, he rarely mentioned this in the 2012 race. He is not making that mistake this time around. “I think it’s important to understand that, and having that very real life experience of knowing what these conflicts do in terms of treasure and blood,” he said in New Hampshire. “Somehow, we thought we could stop [the Islamic State] with some simple bombing missions but that was just not the case, and now we’re left with some really, less than desirable opportunities to stop ISIS. It’s going to require our personnel to be engaged on the ground and I would suggest having experience, having a track record of dealing with issues and having experienced people who you trust who also have track records dealing with issues [is an asset].”

4. He has battled the federal government. To the extent voters are angry with Washington politicians and federal meddling, they have a champion in Perry. He battled the feds on everything from Obamacare to Environmental Protection Agency regulations. In his recent clash with the president, he castigated the president for not securing the border, and then took it upon himself to deploy the state’s national guard troops. He’s remained an advocate of state control and state-led reform on education and health care.

5. He’s an excellent retail politician with lots of free time. That is a powerful combination in early primary states where voters expect to be engaged directly and repeatedly.

6. He’s feisty but not obnoxious. Republican voters are itching for a fight and Perry is pugnacious enough to give it to them. He’s been in the trenches fighting the administration, and will not be shy about taking on Hillary Clinton.

7. There is an opening in the field. Mitt Romney did not run. New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie is the victim of self-inflicted wounds. So if you want an experienced conservative governor who is not a Bush? That’s Perry’s spot. His biggest problem may be Walker, whom Perry will need to show is less prepared on foreign policy and less accomplished than he is. It’s a tall order, but with everyone gunning for Walker, Perry may be the beneficiary.

8.  He can handle the media. He is forceful enough and generally knowledgeable enough to push back on a tough interviewer and, as we saw on a late night appearance, relaxed enough (and sufficiently plugged into popular culture) to come across well in informal settings. He’d be smart to use non-news media to reset his image.

9. He’s a law and order figure. In defending the border and Second Amendment rights and championing prison reform, he has struck an appropriate balance between individual rights and public safety. No one will accuse him of being anti-police or, on the other hand, of defending government excess.

10. He’s led a rags to a not-very-many-riches life. No one will say he started out life with privilege or wealth. He does not have Ivy League degrees, nor does he live an ostentatious life style (he currently lives in a”1,400-square foot, 2 bedroom, 2 bath condo, full of boxes, four dogs”).",1
2009,Rubio reignites Cuba debate with Senate hearing,"While two of his potential Republican presidential opponents were dodging press and scrambling to clean up gaffes on vaccinations, Rubio on Tuesday presided over his first hearing as chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Western Hemisphere Subcommittee.

He peppered two panels of witnesses with pointed questions on President Barack Obama's move to normalize relations with Cuba, which he called ""disgraceful.""

And immediately after the hearing, Rubio became one of the GOP's fiercest advocates for vaccinations since the issue emerged as a political football this week, asserting children should ""absolutely"" be vaccinated.

It was a senatorial move from a senatorial perch for the Florida Republican, who has told his staff to prepare as though he'll run for president in 2016, though he hasn't yet made a decision publicly.

The hearing highlighted two of his primary advantages in the potential presidential race: His measured, charismatic speaking style, and compelling personal story and heritage. But the hearing also hinted at the troubles ahead for Rubio, as he's vies for attention in a party crowded with rising stars and a different high profile issue seemingly each week. The U.S.-Cuba relations remain a less-than-glamorous storyline, and an initially packed hearing room cleared out midway through when most of the senators left to vote. And with the threat from ISIS taking center stage in the debate over U.S. foreign policy, and others with considerable foreign policy chops, like South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham, contemplating a run, it remains to be seen whether the Cuba issue will be a sufficient launching pad to keep Rubio in the national spotlight. Rubio opened the initially full hearing with a series of assertive and pointed questions for a State Department official, seeking to pin her down on whether the U.S. would agree to limit its meetings with democracy activists as a condition for the U.S. government opening an embassy in Havana. ""Can you categorically say we will never accept that condition?"" he ultimately asked. ""It's not a real condition,"" the official replied. While the questions were incisive, they came in stark contrast to Sen. Rand Paul's prickly interview with a CNBC host on Monday, during which he shushed her and yawned while she asked questions. The interview quickly went viral and drew him negative press. And Rubio's appeal as the son of Cuban immigrants for a party seeking to make inroads with Latinos was on display during the second panel, which featured witnesses delivering testimony almost entirely in Spanish, with the help of a translator. At one point, Rubio moved to ask a question after a witness had given her answer in Spanish, interrupting the interpreter. He apologized, adding, ""I could understand."" ""I told Sen. Flake...not to worry about the translation. I'll let you know what they said later"" he joked, drawing laughter from the audience. The senator's backers believe his experience on national security issues, and particularly his leadership on Cuba, could give him a leg up on the competition in the primary. Just last month, Rubio won high praise for his command of foreign policy issues at a Koch-sponsored panel that allowed him to differentiate himself from fellow 2016 contenders Sens. Rand Paul and Ted Cruz. He emerged as the administration's most ardent critic after Obama announced in late December plans to thaw diplomatic relations with Cuba. And he's kept up the heat on the issue since, appearing on local and national media and writing op-eds hammering the move. The subcommittee chairmanship, too, doesn't come without risks. If he ultimately decides to run for president, as is expected, he'll face questions about his ability to get things done on Capitol Hill. Leadership of a subcommittee raises the expectations to deliver with concrete results — and can underscore the limits of a first-term senator's power.",1
4803,Lester Holt: presidential debate moderator and proven fact-checker,"What will Lester Holt do when Donald Trump says that he opposed the Iraq war from the beginning?

Holt, 57, the most-watched daily news broadcaster in the country, has been tapped to moderate the first presidential debate Monday between Trump and Hillary Clinton. To say there is a lot riding on the night is not quite to capture it.

A record 100m Americans are expected to watch the showdown, probably making it one of the biggest television broadcasts ever. The political stakes are higher: many partisans on both sides think the fate of the republic, all 330m strong, is on the line.

Although under intense pressure from the Democratic side to play fact-checker as a bulwark against Trump’s baloney, and under equal pressure from the Republican side to stay out of it, Holt has not talked about how he sees his role. But he has shown persistence, in exclusive interviews with both candidates in recent months, in pinning the candidates down where they would rather speak unaccountably.

Hillary Clinton supporters hope that means that Holt might intervene, unlike his network colleague Matt Lauer at a forum earlier this month, should Trump repeat his lie about having opposed the Iraq invasion from the beginning, or should Trump roll out any of the other 48 “pants-on-fire” lies that the nonpartisan group Politifact has counted him telling.

Trump supporters may hope that a different Holt shows up, one closer to the amiable broadcaster who co-hosted a weekend morning show for 12 years. They want the man who announced the Westminster Kennel Club dog show for three consecutive years in the aughts, not a fact-checker of the nightly news.

After 35 years as a newscaster, Holt currently hosts the top-rated nightly news program in America, NBC Nightly News, attracting 7 to 8 million viewers on an average weeknight. Any doubts about the calibre of his talent that accompanied his unusual arrival in the role – amid the career implosion of his predecessor, Brian Williams – quickly dissipated. Holt drove the ratings still higher.

A native Californian who has written that he “grew up on air force bases”, Holt has reported from zones of armed conflict and natural disaster while charismatically serving up lighter stories as weekend anchor of NBC’s morning news and variety show, Today. He also plays upright bass.

Holt will encounter an unprecedented challenge, however, on Monday night, when he will mediate between two hungry candidates now tantalizingly close to claiming the most powerful post on Earth. He has interviewed both candidates in recent months, and brought a healthy journalistic antagonism to the job.

In June, Holt sat three feet away from Trump on gaudy Louis XVI chairs in Trump Tower, nearly knee-to-knee, and demanded that the candidate show evidence for a recent claim that Clinton’s private email server had been hacked. Anyone who doubts Holt’s ability to fact-check Trump should watch the exchange, in which he reduces Trump to the lame assurance, “I will report back to you.”

Two weeks later, Holt pressed Clinton on the opposite side of the email issue, confronting her with a finding by FBI director James Comey that she had been “extremely careless” in handling classified information. She ended up squirming, too.

Trump has expressed displeasure with Holt. “Lester is a Democrat,” Trump flatly told Fox News a week ago. But whether Holt checks that “fact” at the debate or not, it is false. Holt is a registered Republican.

",1
3778,Patriots Day 2015: Boston does not stand alone,"In the two years since the horrific marathon bombing, Boston has been nothing less than resilient. The city has stood defiant and proud even as it painfully relived those grim events during a trial and persevered through a winter of record blizzards. But now, spring has come again, and we remember on this Patriots’ Day that if history is any guide, it holds not only the promise of Boston’s continued steadfastness, but also an affirmation from across America that Boston does not stand alone, and never has.

As far back as 1775 and predating our nation’s independence, Boston stood strong against those who would do the city harm. Punished for the singular act of dumping tea into Boston Harbor and the far broader initiatives of Massachusetts toward representative government, Boston chafed under the onerous provisions of what rebels called the Intolerable Acts. Chief among them was the Boston Port Bill, which closed Boston Harbor to commerce and effectively strangled the city. The question on the minds of many—regardless of political persuasion or sympathy—went to the crux of the future: Would Boston stand alone or would a slowly evolving fabric of national identity and purpose rally to its support?

A wide swath of colonial America responded. Support in the form of cash, goods, livestock, and crops poured into Boston, not only from surrounding Massachusetts and New England, but also from Virginia, South Carolina, and even far-off Georgia. Samuel Adams, rebel chairman of Boston’s quasi-governmental Committee of Correspondence, was quick to dispatch effusive letters of thanks for this generosity, but Adams also used these communications to emphasize the broader ramifications of Boston’s plight: If the British crown could do this to Boston, what was to keep it from visiting similar retribution on other cities?

In Farmington, Connecticut, almost one thousand people gathered to protest blocking the port of Boston and find the resulting indignities and deprivations to Boston oppressive as well as personal. “We, and every American,” the townspeople declared, “are sharers in the insults offered to the town of Boston.”

But humanitarian aid was one thing, armed rebellion in support of political ideals quite another. The spark drawing an irrevocable line between the two came on the April morning commemorated by Patriots’ Day, when British regulars marched onto Lexington Green and confronted local militia. Before the day was out, sporadic gunfire there and at Concord’s North Bridge unleashed a fury of pent-up emotions on both sides that exploded into all-out warfare. Within weeks, Boston was a city tightly guarded by nervous British soldiers and besieged by colonial militias.

Rebel leaders who fled Boston were determined that whatever happened next, the city must not stand alone. John Hancock and the Adams cousins, Samuel and John, aggressively recruited further support from throughout the colonies. These April events could not be seen as just a local Boston incident or even a Massachusetts insurrection, but rather as an American revolution. Patriots from Connecticut to New York and from Virginia to South Carolina responded and recognized that but for the spark at Lexington and Concord, Boston’s fight might very well be occurring in their own backyards.

Two hundred and forty years ago, patriots throughout the colonies recognized that the fundamental liberties at stake in Boston went well beyond its streets and thus, the fundamental duty to fight when necessary to preserve those liberties also went well beyond Boston. For my part,” a gentleman farmer from Virginia by the name of George Washington had written a few months earlier, “I shall not undertake to say where the line between Great Britain and the colonies should be drawn, but I am clearly of opinion, that one ought to be drawn, and our rights clearly ascertained.” It is no different today. We have so much in this country that is good and just, but we must not take any of it for granted. The times remain tenuous and uncertain. We will not bend to terrorism. We will not compromise principle.

Boston’s resiliency these past two years in the face of unspeakable and senseless tragedy comes as no surprise. Boston has and always will stand strong, and its resolve is a summons that America will not allow random acts of terrorism or any force to threaten the underlying fabric of our national identity. Then as now, this city calls us to patriotism and reminds us of the strength of our nation. Merely remembering Boston is not the same as standing with Boston. This Patriots’ Day we remember that only by standing with Boston can we preserve our fundamental freedoms and affirm that Boston does not stand alone.

Historian Walter R. Borneman is the author of ""MacArthur at War: World War II in the Pacific"" just published by Little, Brown.",1
4250,Mitt Romney to give big speech on 2016 race. Joining #NeverTrump? (+video),"Mitt Romney, the Republican Party’s 2012 presidential nominee, will be talking about the 'state of the race' Thursday.

As yet another general joins Trump's team, what does the pick reveal?

Mitt Romney on Thursday will give a major speech on his view of the 2016 presidential election, according to a news release from his office.

The Republican Party’s 2012 presidential nominee will be appearing at the Hinckley Institute of Politics in Salt Lake City. The announcement said the subject of his talk was the “state of the race” but gave no further details.

Hmm. “Major speech,” “state of the race,” what’s that mean? Is Mr. Romney going to endorse Marco Rubio or (less likely) one of the other remaining GOP hopefuls?

We’d guess that’s not the case. If he were, he’d be appearing onstage with the endorsee wherever he is campaigning. That wouldn’t be in Utah. Also, his friends and aides are saying it’s not that kind of speech.

“Close @MittRomney aide says he won’t endorse or get in, but tomorrow’s speech ‘will be worth covering,’ ” tweeted NBC campaign reporter Andrew Rafferty.

Hold it a second, “get in”? It’s kind of late for that since the primaries are about half over. Yes, Romney tried to run again at the start of the 2016 cycle, but he got elbowed out of the race by the juggernaut of the Jeb Bush campaign, if you remember. So maybe he’s having second, or third, thoughts. Or hoping that other people think he might be having those thoughts even if he isn’t.

Is Romney going to anti-endorse Donald Trump? This seems more likely. Romney is clearly unhappy with the rise of The Donald, whose demeanor is the opposite of his and whose rise could mean the end of the low-tax, small-government, corporate-friendly GOP that Romney knows and presumably loves.

In recent weeks, Romney’s been sniping at Mr. Trump from the safety of social media and doing a decent job of it. His style has been to pile on when Trump is already getting pressure on certain stuff.

Thus Romney has urged Trump to release his back tax returns. He’s pushed Trump to make public off-the-record conversations with The New York Times. Most notably, he hit Trump for the latter’s slowness to disavow the endorsement of former KKK official David Duke.

“A disqualifying & disgusting response by @realDonaldTrump to the KKK,” Romney tweeted on Monday. “His coddling of repugnant bigotry is not in the character of America.”

Tough words. Also effective words, since they roused Trump to respond with a fairly predictable “loser” taunt. Romney hasn’t fallen into the trap of exchanging adolescent jibes about body parts with Trump, as Senator Rubio has. Instead, Romney’s hit him quick on political substance and then moved on.

That may change Thursday. It’s even possible Romney will join the #NeverTrump movement and say he’d never vote for Trump if he’s the Republican nominee.

Would that matter? Well, it won’t derail Trump, who at this point is only a Florida primary win away from wrapping up the GOP presidential prize. Like so many Republican establishment figures, Romney is coming to the anti-Trump battle too late, with too little, to make a difference.

What it might do is give Romney a little free media exposure at a time when the GOP establishment may be mulling over its options. If there’s a revolt at a contentious convention, whom can the establishment offer as a legitimate Trump alternative? If the old GOP wants to split and field its own third-party candidate, who might that be?

Unlike Rubio or Ted Cruz, Romney’s never lost to Trump. So Romney may be implicitly offering himself as an alternative, whatever his speech’s specific words.",1
3428,Is there any way Obama can fill Supreme Court vacancy?,"Probably not. So he needs to decide how he wants to pressure Republicans. He has several options.

Why Trump says he wants to ditch plans for new Air Force One

A group with 'People for the American Way' from Washington gathers with signs in front of the US Supreme Court in Washington Monday to call for Congress to give fair consideration to any nomination put forth by President Obama to fill the seat of Antonin Scalia.

President Obama has promised to uphold his “constitutional responsibility” to nominate a replacement for Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, a conservative stalwart who died over the weekend. Now, he just needs to decide whether to try to soften Republican senators with the pick or make it a full-throated, election-year political statement.

Numerous Senate Republicans have already said they will not confirm a new Supreme Court justice before this fall's presidential elections. Given that the new appointment could tilt the court’s balance of power from conservative to liberal for the first time in decades, there is little reason to think Republicans are bluffing.

“I don’t see the Republicans just giving in and giving President Obama the opportunity to do that,” says Mark Hurwitz, a political scientist at Western Michigan University in Kalamazoo.

So that leaves Mr. Obama with a strategic choice: What does he want to accomplish?

Constitutionally, he can’t force the Senate to vote on his nominee, but he can use Republican inaction to generate public pressure – the only tool available to him. Some Democrats have expressed the hope that Republicans will at least allow a hearing, even if they block Obama's nominee.

But even if his nominee doesn't even get a hearing, Obama can make a statement. He could put pressure on Republicans by choosing a lower court judge who has already survived a rigorous vetting process. Or he could put pressure on them by reaching out a hand in the form of a politically acceptable candidate.

Or he could do both.

One of the leading candidates to replace Scalia is District of Columbia Circuit Court Judge Sri Srinavasan, who was confirmed by the Senate 97 to 0 in May 2013. (A Republican filibuster had pushed a previous candidate to withdraw her nomination.)

“Democrats believe that unambiguous verdict on Srinivasan could make it awkward for [Senate majority leader Mitch] McConnell to block a vote on his nomination,” reported Politico.

Republicans might not be in any mood to play along, however. Even beyond the political ramifications of filling Scalia's seat, Republicans are still fuming over Democrats' move in 2013 to eliminate filibusters for lower court federal judges. Such judges can now be approved by a simple majority vote, though Supreme Court justices still must reach the 60-vote threshold to overcome a filibuster.

“Republicans were furious about the 2013 changes,” The Washington Post reported, “and that residual anger could be a huge obstacle for any Obama nominee.”

As Obama has already made Democratic appointees the majority on nine of the nation’s 13 circuit courts, the Post notes, Republicans are unlikely to give in on Scalia's replacement easily.

That could lead Obama to nominate an overtly liberal candidate, using the political fallout from the stymied nomination to help drive voters to the polls in November.

“If Obama knows for sure that his pick is not going to get formally considered, he can go with someone who gives his party maximum political leverage,"" writes the Post’s James Hohmann.

The political maneuvering speaks to the stakes behind the nomination. It will “likely have enormous consequences for constitutional law in the nation,” affecting issues from campaign finance and affirmative action, to religious freedom and the Second Amendment, writes Jay Wexler, a professor at the Boston University School of Law, in an e-mail.

“Republicans became very aware, particularly during the Reagan administration, how important judicial nominations were,” adds Professor Hurwitz of Western Michigan University. With a presidential election looming, “they smell the White House right now, and they don’t want to lose this.”",1
2948,"Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah was incremental reformer, US ally (+video)","King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia, who Saudi state TV says has died, sought to counter Iran's influence in the Middle East while opposing pro-democracy movements at home.

How much do you know about Saudi Arabia? Take our quiz!

In this Wednesday, June 3, 2009 file photo, King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia, right, speaks with U.S. President Barack Obama, during arrival ceremonies at the Royal Terminal of King Khalid International Airport in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. On early Friday, Jan. 23, 2015, Saudi state TV reported King Abdullah died at the age of 90.

Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah, the powerful U.S. ally who joined Washington's fight against al-Qaida and sought to modernize the ultraconservative Muslim kingdom with incremental but significant reforms, including nudging open greater opportunities for women, has died, according to Saudi state TV.

More than his guarded and hidebound predecessors, Abdullah assertively threw his oil-rich nation's weight behind trying to shape the Middle East. His priority was to counter the influence of rival, mainly Shiite Iran wherever it tried to make advances. He and fellow Sunni Arab monarchs also staunchly opposed the Middle East's wave of pro-democracy uprisings, seeing them as a threat to stability and their own rule.

He backed Sunni Muslim factions against Tehran's allies in several countries, but in Lebanon for example, the policy failed to stop Iranian-backed Hezbollah from gaining the upper hand. And Tehran and Riyadh's colliding ambitions stoked proxy conflicts around the region that enflamed Sunni-Shiite hatreds — most horrifically in Syria's civil war, where the two countries backed opposing sides. Those conflicts in turn hiked Sunni militancy that returned to threaten Saudi Arabia.

And while the king maintained the historically close alliance with Washington, there were frictions as he sought to put those relations on Saudi Arabia's terms. He was constantly frustrated by Washington's failure to broker a settlement to the Israel-Palestinian conflict. He also pushed the Obama administration to take a tougher stand against Iran and to more strongly back the mainly Sunni rebels fighting to overthrow Syrian President Bashar Assad.

Abdullah's death was announced on Saudi state TV by a presenter who said the king died at 1 a.m. on Friday. His successor was announced as 79-year-old half-brother, Prince Salman, according to a Royal Court statement carried on the Saudi Press Agency. Salman was Abdullah's crown prince and had recently taken on some of the king's responsibilities.

Abdullah was born in Riyadh in 1924, one of the dozens of sons of Saudi Arabia's founder, King Abdul-Aziz Al Saud. Like all Abdul-Aziz's sons, Abdullah had only rudimentary education. Tall and heavyset, he felt more at home in the Nejd, the kingdom's desert heartland, riding stallions and hunting with falcons. His strict upbringing was exemplified by three days he spent in prison as a young man as punishment by his father for failing to give his seat to a visitor, a violation of Bedouin hospitality.

Abdullah was selected as crown prince in 1982 on the day his half-brother Fahd ascended to the throne. The decision was challenged by a full brother of Fahd, Prince Sultan, who wanted the title for himself. But the family eventually closed ranks behind Abdullah to prevent splits.

Abdullah became de facto ruler in 1995 when a stroke incapacitated Fahd. Abdullah was believed to have long rankled at the closeness of the alliance with the United States, and as regent he pressed Washington to withdraw the troops it had deployed in the kingdom since the 1990 Iraqi invasion of Kuwait. The U.S. finally did so in 2003.

When President George W. Bush came to office, Abdullah again showed his readiness to push against his U.S. allies.

In 2000, Abdullah convinced the Arab League to approve an unprecedented offer that all Arab states would agree to peace with Israel if it withdrew from lands it captured in 1967. The next year, he sent his ambassador in Washington to tell the Bush administration that it was too unquestioningly biased in favor of Israel and that the kingdom would from now on pursue its own interests apart from Washington's. Alarmed by the prospect of a rift, Bush soon after advocated for the first time the creation of a Palestinian state alongside Israel.

The next month, the Sept. 11, 2001 terror attacks took place in the United States, and Abdullah had to steer the alliance through the resulting criticism. The kingdom was home to 15 of the 19 hijackers, and many pointed out that the baseline ideology for al-Qaida and other groups stemmed from Saudi Arabia's Wahhabi interpretation of Islam.

When al-Qaida militants in 2003 began a wave of violence in the kingdom aimed at toppling the monarchy,Abdullah cracked down hard. For the next three years, security forces battled militants, finally forcing them to flee to neighboring Yemen. There, they created a new al-Qaida branch, and Saudi Arabia has played a behind-the-scenes role in fighting it.

The tougher line helped affirm Abdullah's commitment to fighting al-Qaida. He paid two visits to Bush — in 2002 and 2005 — at his ranch in Crawford, Texas.

When Fahd died in 2005, Abdullah officially rose to the throne. He then began to more openly push his agenda.

His aim at home was to modernize the kingdom to face the future. One of the world's largest oil exporters, Saudi Arabia is fabulously wealthy, but there are deep disparities in wealth and a burgeoning youth population in need of jobs, housing and education. More than half the current population of 20 million is under the age of 25. For Abdullah, that meant building a more skilled workforce and opening up greater room for women to participate. He was a strong supporter of education, building universities at home and increasing scholarships abroad for Saudi students.

Abdullah for the first time gave women seats on the Shura Council, an unelected body that advises the king and government. He promised women would be able to vote and run in 2015 elections for municipal councils, the only elections held in the country. He appointed the first female deputy minister in a 2009. Two Saudi female athletes competed in the Olympics for the first time in 2012, and a small handful of women were granted licenses to work as lawyers during his rule.

One of his most ambitious projects was a Western-style university that bears his name, the King AbdullahUniversity of Science and Technology, which opened in 2009. Men and women share classrooms and study together inside the campus, a major departure in a country where even small talk between the sexes in public can bring a warning from the morality police.

The changes seemed small from the outside but had a powerful resonance. Small splashes of variety opened in the kingdom — color and flash crept into the all-black abayas women must wear in public; state-run TV started playing music, forbidden for decades; book fairs opened their doors to women writers and some banned books.

But he treaded carefully in the face of the ultraconservative Wahhabi clerics who hold near total sway over society and, in return, give the Al Saud family's rule religious legitimacy.

Senior cleric Sheik Saleh al-Lihedan warned against changes that could snap the ""thread between a leader and his people."" In some cases, Abdullah pushed back: He fired one prominent government cleric who criticized the mixed-gender university. But the king balked at going too far too fast. For example, beyond allowing debate in newspapers, Abdullah did nothing to respond to demands to allow women to drive.

""He has presided over a country that has inched forward, either on its own or with his leadership,"" said Karen Elliot House, author of ""On Saudi Arabia: Its People, Past, Religion, Fault Lines.""

""I don't think he's had as much impact as one would hope on trying to create a more moderate version of Islam,"" she said. ""To me, it has not taken inside the country as much as one would hope.""

And any change was strictly on the royal family's terms. After the 2011 Arab Spring uprisings in particular, Saudi Arabia clamped down on any dissent. Riot police crushed street demonstrations by Saudi Arabia's Shiite minority. Dozens of activists were detained, many of them tried under a sweeping counterterrorism law by an anti-terrorism court Abdullah created. Authorities more closely monitored social media, where anger over corruption and unemployment — and jokes about the aging monarchy — are rife.

Regionally, perhaps Abdullah's biggest priority was to confront Iran, the Shiite powerhouse across the Gulf.

Worried about Tehran's nuclear program, Abdullah told the United States in 2008 to consider military action to ""cut off the head of the snake"" and prevent Iran from producing a nuclear weapon, according to a leaked U.S. diplomatic memo.

In Lebanon, Abdullah backed Sunni allies against the Iranian-backed Shiite guerrilla group Hezbollah in a proxy conflict that flared repeatedly into potentially destabilizing violence. Saudi Arabia was also deeply opposed to longtime Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki, whom it considered a tool of Iran oppressing Iraq's Sunni Muslim minority.

In Syria, Abdullah stepped indirectly indirectly into the civil war that emerged after 2011. He supported and armed rebels battling to overthrow President Bashar Assad, Iran's top Arab ally, and pressed the Obama administration to do the same. Iran's allies Hezbollah and Iraqi Shiite militias rushed to back Assad, and the resulting conflict has left hundreds of thousands dead and driven millions of Syrians from their homes.

From the multiple conflicts, Sunni-Shiite hatreds around the region took on a life of their own, fueling Sunni militancy. Syria's war helped give birth to the Islamic State group, which burst out to take over large parts of Syria and Iraq. Fears of the growing militancy prompted Abdullah to commit Saudi airpower to a U.S.-led coalition fighting the extremists.

Toby Matthiesen, author of ""Sectarian Gulf: Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, and the Arab Spring That Wasn't,"" saidAbdullah was not ""particularly sectarian in a way that he hated Shiites for religious reasons. ... There are other senior members of the ruling family much more sectarian."" But, he said, ""Saudi Arabia plays a huge role in fueling sectarian conflict.""

Abdullah had more than 30 children from around a dozen wives.

Copyright 2015 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.",1
1406,GOP insiders: It was a rough night for Ted Cruz,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
666,Donald Trump is blatantly racist — and the media is too scared to call him out on it,"Donald Trump, the actual Republican candidate for president, now endorsed by his party leaders, openly said he wants to exclude someone from a government job because of his race and ethnicity.

As the Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday, Trump said he wants to disqualify the federal judge overseeing the Trump University case because of his ""Mexican heritage"" and membership in a Latino lawyers association:

Mr. Trump said U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel had ""an absolute conflict"" in presiding over the litigation given that he was ""of Mexican heritage"" and a member of a Latino lawyers' association. Mr. Trump said the background of the judge, who was born in Indiana to Mexican immigrants, was relevant because of his campaign stance against illegal immigration and his pledge to seal the southern U.S. border. ""I'm building a wall. It's an inherent conflict of interest,"" Mr. Trump said.

This is pure racism. There's no subtlety, no dog whistle, no coded language.

Somehow this isn't too surprising. Trump is, after all, the presidential candidate who launched his campaign by calling Mexican immigrants criminals and ""rapists,"" and he proposed banning all Muslims from entering the US.

And with this latest remark, Trump is just turning the thinly veiled subtext into text. He had already previously brought up Curiel's Mexican heritage, suggesting that there was a conflict of interest because of it but not saying it quite so explicitly.

Reading this, it's hard for me, a Hispanic American, to avoid feeling a little personally insulted. This suggests that Trump would probably dismiss my opinion — indeed, this article — because of my name. Yet millions of Americans — and a major political party — want him to be president, despite his clear racism.

Maybe the media plays a role here. After all, instead of calling it like it is, CBS News, MSNBC, the Washington Post, and the New York Times have called Trump's comments about Curiel ""racially charged"" and ""racially tinged,"" the weasel words the media typically uses to describe racism. It makes one wonder: What would it take for them to finally call Trump or his remarks just plainly racist? If claiming a qualified, vetted judge shouldn't be able to do his job because of his race and ethnicity isn't racist, then what the hell is?

Perhaps the problem is Hispanic people are vastly underrepresented in media. As the journalism organization ASNE found, racial minorities make up less than 13 percent of the field — despite making up about 38 percent of the total US population. That might make it harder for a lot of journalists to see just how racist Trump's remarks are.

If that's the case, maybe it would be helpful for the predominant white journalists in the field to consider: If President Barack Obama or President Marco Rubio said all white people should be banned from acting as judge in a court case against him, would that be considered racist? And how is that any different from what Trump is doing?

There should be no doubt about it now: Donald Trump is racist. He wants to exclude people from government jobs because of their race and ethnicity. That is the literal definition of racism. The media shouldn't shy away from pointing that out, and the people supporting Trump should know that's exactly what they're supporting.",1
4740,Can Donald Trump recover from this?,"Donald Trump's October Surprise is so explicit, shocking, offensive and vile that even he felt the need to apologize -- defiantly.

In a video released after midnight Saturday, Trump expressed regret for stunning comments that surfaced Friday about women.

""Anyone who knows me knows these words don't reflect who I am,"" he said. ""I said it. I was wrong. And I apologize.""

But that step -- unprecedented for a candidate loathe to ever admit a mistake -- may not be enough to rescue a campaign that is now in a full-fledged crisis . And Trump quickly attempted to pivot, criticizing Bill and Hillary Clinton in the video and suggesting he would take that argument to Sunday's debate.

""Bill Clinton has actually abused women and Hillary has bullied, attacked, shamed and intimidated his victims,"" Trump said. ""We will discuss this more in the coming days. See you at the debate on Sunday.""

Trump's candidacy has revealed a long history of demeaning and shaming women. But the comments that emerged Friday go further than anything that has been attributed to him before as he seemed to bask in the power he felt his celebrity conferred to do whatever he wanted with women.

The bombshell couldn't come at a worse time for Trump's campaign as he prepares for the next debate against Clinton. And Republicans must now decide whether to stand by him or cut him loose just 32 days before the election.

The debate, co-moderated by CNN's Anderson Cooper, is especially crucial because Trump botched his first match with Clinton — and then spent the next two weeks in a cycle of recrimination, denial and feud with former Miss Universe Alicia Machado.

The political uproar over the latest revelation was so momentous that it overtook coverage of a hurricane lashing Florida and a stunning US government accusation of a Russian hacking operation to disrupt the elections.

It has been one of the cliches of the 2016 presidential race that Trump can get away with comments and outrages that would sink any normal politician. But the video tests the limits of that assumption in a way unlike any of Trump's many previous controversies.

""I moved on her and I failed. I'll admit it,"" Trump said. ""I did try and fuck her. She was married.""

""I moved on her like a bitch, but I couldn't get there. And she was married,"" Trump adds, after saying he took the woman -- who is identified only by her first name -- out furniture shopping.

""Then all of a sudden I see her, she's now got the big phony tits and everything. She's totally changed her look,"" Trump says of the woman.

Before Trump stepped off a bus, he and Bush appear to see a soap actress who greets them.

""Whoa!"" Trump says. ""I've gotta use some tic tacs, just in case I start kissing her. You know I'm automatically attracted to beautiful -- I just start kissing them. It's like a magnet. Just kiss. I don't even wait.""

""And when you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything ... Grab them by the pussy. You can do anything,"" Trump says.

Trump advisers huddled in Trump Tower Friday night to plot a path forward. They clearly knew they had a problem on their hands when they moved quickly to release a statement that bizarrely blamed Bill Clinton after the Post published its story.

""This was locker room banter, a private conversation that took place many years ago. Bill Clinton has said far worse to me on the golf course - not even close. I apologize if anyone was offended,"" Trump said.

There were signs that Trump's campaign was in disarray as some of his aides expressed exasperation in unusually blunt terms.

""It's appalling. It's just flat out appalling,"" a Trump adviser said.

The stunning developments are forcing a moment of reckoning for Republican Party leaders who have made a pact with a nominee many of them privately view as vulgar and unacceptable, and must now decide whether to cut him loose.

Trump was due to appear alongside Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker — both pillars of the conservative movement — on Saturday. Ryan didn't withdraw his endorsement of Trump Friday but he did condemn the nominee and said Trump will no longer attend the event.

""I am sickened by what I heard today,"" Ryan said in a statement. ""Women are to be championed and revered, not objectified. I hope Mr. Trump treats this situation with the seriousness it deserves and works to demonstrate to the country that he has greater respect for women than this clip suggests. In the meantime, he is no longer attending tomorrow's event in Wisconsin.""

Every Republican office holder from GOP vice presidential pick Mike Pence — who often calls Trump ""this good man"" -- to vulnerable senators running for re-election will now face the same question: How can you stand with a nominee who would say such a thing?

Sen. Kelly Ayotte, a New Hampshire Republican running for re-election who stumbled this week over the question of whether Trump represented a good role model for children, quickly condemned Trump's statement.

""His statements are totally inappropriate and offensive,"" Ayotte said.

Sen. Pat Toomey, a vulnerable Pennsylvania Republican, tweeted that Trump's comments were ""outrageous and unacceptable.""

Trump's possible implosion also appeared to validate the central theme of Clinton's campaign — that a man like Trump with a colorful personal past, a life lived in the tabloids and a runaway mouth is simply not fit to be president.

Clinton and her top surrogates have been driving a narrative for months that the Republican nominee lacks the gravity, knowledge and character to sit in the Oval Office or to represent the United States overseas.

It was a case that appeared to be gaining traction given Trump's outspoken comments about Mexicans, women, Muslims and other sectors of society.

Trump's most loyal supporters sought to shrug off the latest controversy.

""We're not choosing a Sunday school teacher,"" Corey Lewandowski, Trump's former campaign manager who is now a CNN contributor, told Wolf Blitzer on ""The Situation Room."" ""We're electing a leader to the free world.""

The controversy is likely to hammer Trump's standing among crucial demographics who may decide the election on November 8.

Trump had already busted established standards on rhetoric about women in this campaign, questioning last year after a tough debate whether moderator Megan Kelly was menstruating and having his words that some women were ""pigs"" and ""slobs"" thrown back at him by Clinton in the first debate.

But the revelations in the hot mic moment will surely doom any hope the GOP nominee has of improving his standing among women voters, especially highly educated, suburban women in swing states like Colorado and Pennsylvania.

Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine, campaigning in Las Vegas, said Trump's comments ""makes me sick to my stomach.""

Trump's aides across the country seemed to feel similarly.

Asked about the reaction at a campaign field office, a Trump field staffer told CNN there were ""gasps. Collective gasps. We're trying to get our heads around it right now, but there's no way to spin this. There just isn't.""

The staffer, who is also paying close attention to Senate efforts, also added, unsolicited: ""Just think of the down-ballot effect. Brutal.""

""This is bad. I think this thing is over,"" the staffer said.",1
4818,Can Hillary rebuild her campaign with an upbeat message? And will anyone even notice?,"One of the most tedious moments of any presidential campaign is when everyone in the country decides they are better campaign strategists than the professionals. It’s like watching the World Series at a bar full of drunken fans in the losing team’s hometown. They all know more than the experts, or so they think, because they’ve watched a lot of baseball. This time it’s more tiresome than usual because it’s pretty much tied going into the ninth inning, and both team’s supporters are yelling their advice at the TV screen.

In recent days we’ve seen most prescriptions directed at the Hillary Clinton campaign, as the always nervous Democrats are waking up the startling reality that the flamboyant, white nationalist demagogue on the other side might just pull this off. And they have as many different ideas as there were GOP all-stars Donald Trump smoked in the primaries. These range from “She needs to take the fight to Trump and call him out” to “She should attack the Republican officials who endorse him” to “She should stop attacking him and lay out a positive policy agenda so people have a reason to vote for her” — which, to be fair, sounds like a good idea.

But the question is, if someone lays out a positive policy agenda and nobody hears it, did it really happen? Let’s take Wednesday as an example, when Clinton gave a big speech about something that is important to millions of Americans. She went to Orlando, a major city in a crucial swing state, and spoke about disability rights, expressing her plans in terms of American values of equality and inclusiveness. This is the fourth in a series of “Stronger Together” speeches the Democratic nominee has given recently about faith, community service, families and children, designed to display her values and vision for the future and show how her policies will achieve them.

Clinton also published an Op-Ed in the New York Times on Wednesday called “My Plan for Helping America’s Poor,” in which she discussed a comprehensive policy including one modeled on Rep. Jim Clyburn’s 10-20-30 plan, “directing 10 percent of federal investments to communities where 20 percent of the population has been living below the poverty line for 30 years,” putting “special emphasis on minority communities that have been held back for too long by barriers of systemic racism.”

Did you know about any of that? Has the press asked her questions about those issues in the now-frequent press avails she’s given over the last few weeks? Did you see any of those speeches in their entirety? Probably not. And that’s not the campaign’s fault. I get inundated with notices and press releases from the Clinton campaign, its surrogates and outside groups promoting her public speeches and other appearances. There’s no coverage of this “good news” stuff. Unless she’s thumping Trump the media is basically not interested.

Harvard’s Shorenstein Center has been tracking media coverage throughout this campaign and yesterday released a fascinating study of the four weeks around the political conventions in the middle of the summer. The study’s author, Prof. Thomas E. Patterson, wrote about it for the Los Angeles Times, and its conclusions are depressing. Clinton’s so-called email scandal was the single most important story of that period, and the coverage of it was overwhelmingly negative and without context. In fact all the coverage of Clinton was overwhelmingly negative:

How about her foreign, defense, social or economic policies? Don’t bother looking. Not a single one of Clinton’s policy proposals accounted for even 1 percent of her convention-period coverage; collectively, her policy stands accounted for a mere 4 percent of it. But she might be thankful for that: News reports about her stances were 71 percent negative to 29 percent positive in tone. Trump was quoted more often about her policies than she was. Trump’s claim that Clinton “created ISIS,” for example, got more news attention than her announcement of how she would handle Islamic State. Even with the email story that dominated Clinton coverage, of course, journalists largely failed to provide the context that would allow voters to put the issue into proper perspective. The Shorenstein study was backed up by an ongoing Gallup survey that asks people to give them the first word that comes to their minds when they hear a candidate’s name. Since July 11, the words most commonly cited for Clinton are “email,” “lie,” “health,” “speech,” “scandal” and “foundation.” Trump, by contrast, brought to mind the words “speech,” “president,” “immigration,” “Mexico,” “convention,” “campaign” and “Obama.” As you can see, the Clinton words are loaded with negative judgment. Trump’s, not so much. Clinton has given prepared remarks on 22 occasions since the end of the Democratic convention. Some of these were standard stump speeches, while others were major policy addresses. She has dozens of positive ads running in media markets all over the country. But the only Clinton speech that garnered the full and interested attention of the press corps was her “alt-right” speech in Reno, Nevada, in late August. Almost all her speeches are covered the way the New York Times covered the disability speech on Wednesday: Clinton’s remarks are framed as a political ploy designed to evoke Trump’s ugly comments about a disabled reporter (which she did not discuss in the speech at all.) At the very end of the article, the reporter mentions that “some of [Clinton’s] most affecting moments on the campaign trail” come when she speaks with disabled people and their families, and that she often spontaneously brings up the subject in informal settings. There’s no reason to think she isn’t sincere about the issue, even if the campaign is subtly trying to highlight Trump’s cretinous attitudes by contrast. It’s an old truism that negative campaigning works, so it’s no surprise that Clinton’s campaign would try to leverage Trump’s inflammatory rhetoric against him. But there is plenty of positive material out there as well. It’s just the press isn’t interested, and there isn’t a lot of evidence that the voters are either. This doesn’t seem to be that kind of election. The armchair strategists who think a more positive, uplifting message is what Hillary Clinton needs to put this election away may be right. But the question is whether anyone could hear such a message above the din of cynicism and negativity that characterizes the coverage of this campaign.",1
5085,The Democrats aren’t doomed: What I learned from Bernie delegates in Philadelphia,"Monday night was shaky. The Bernie delegates made sure their voices were heard. Most of them were amicable, some were aggressive. While uncomfortable at times, it never veered into chaos, and it wasn’t the orgy of Hillary hate some feared. But it was impossible to ignore the tension in the room.

About an hour before the prime time speeches began, I walked the convention floor, hoping to engage a few of the Bernie delegates. What followed was a half-dozen conversations with Sanders supporters and several other brief interactions. I wanted to hear from the most fervent, the most disappointed. I wanted to know what they thought and why they thought it. What I heard was mostly encouraging and always illuminating.

Edgar Deleon, a Nebraska delegate, was the only Bernie-or-buster I encountered. He told me he was “100 percent for Sanders” and that he refused to support Clinton in November. “Why?” I asked. “Bernie Sanders is one of the most sincere, authentic public servants I’ve seen in my lifetime,” he told me. “Hillary Clinton is a confirmed fraud…everything wrong and corrupt with our political system is what she stands for.” I asked him what he would do if reduced to a choice between Trump and Clinton, and he said “Picking the lesser of two evils is still evil. Come November, my ballot will say Bernie Sanders no matter what.”

Mira Bowin, a young and insightful delegate from New York, was more measured. Asked if she planned to vote for Hillary in November, she said “It’s not November yet, and right now I’m supporting Bernie…but I have to say I’m not feeling very moved by her choice for VP or what they’ve done with TPP and the platform. I’m not feeling very courted and I have reservations.” She added that she’s “grateful to live in New York, which isn’t a swing state, so I feel free to support who I want.” To the question of Clinton or Trump, she answered resolutely: “Fascism is fascism, and fascism has to be stopped.” She may have “reservations” about Clinton’s record, but she’s aware of the dangers posed by Trump.

Another New York delegate, who wished to remain anonymous, told me she was committed to writing-in Bernie. Like many, she’s suspicious of the process, particularly after the DNC emails were released by WikiLeaks. “I’m not comfortable with the way this entire process has unfolded. I’m seeing this machine take over…this has been forced on us by the elites.” I asked her if she considered herself a Democrat or an independent. “53 years I’ve been a Democrat,” she told me. “I don’t remember not voting for a Democratic presidential candidate.” She never admitted it, but my sense was that she’d vote for Clinton if she lived in battleground state.

As I left the floor, I noticed a tall, exuberant man waving a Sanders sign near the press gallery. I approached him, confident he had something to say. “John Sasso,” he told me. “I’m from California.” One of several Sanders delegates, Sasso was here to support Sanders and no one else. “My biggest fear is that Hillary will lose in November,” he said. “Bernie brought this enthusiasm to the party, not Clinton…I think she’ll lose to Trump.” After sparring a bit over the latest polling data, I asked him if he had any loyalties to the Democratic Party. “I’m a lifelong Democrat. I’ve always voted for Democrats.” But this year felt…different. Although he wasn’t ready to say he’d vote for Clinton, he told me he “definitely wouldn’t vote for Trump.”

And this was a common sentiment. There was no ambivalence on the Trump question. An odious quack, Trump is a living rejection of everything progressives stand for. Bernie voters are skeptical of Clinton for a hundred different reasons – her hawkish foreign policy, her centrist capitulations, her history of distortions, etc. But no one I met in that convention hall wants him to be president. If you cut through the caricatures and listen to the delegates, here’s what you learn: Most of them got a glimpse of what the Democratic Party could be, what it should be, and then they watched it slip away. They understand that Sanders won concessions on the platform. They realize he pulled Clinton – and the party – to the left. But the delegates I spoke with see most of this as cosmetic. There’s a bit of unreason here. What, after all, did they expect? A year ago, Sanders was an afterthought; his nomination was unfathomable. And yet he nearly defeated Clinton while putting his stamp on the Democratic Party in a way no one thought possible. He changed the conversation on the left. That’s an extraordinary contribution, one most of his supporters fail to appreciate. Besides, if we ask what’s possible, not what’s ideal, a Clinton administration is hardly a disaster for progressives. Given the systemic constraints, there are limits to what a president can do. Sanders supporters often glide past the reality of a recalcitrant Congress, and Sanders himself could not muster an intelligible reply to the critical question: “But how will you pass all of this?” For all her faults, Clinton knows how to navigate the legislative swamp. Will she fight for every plank of Bernie’s platform? No. But she and Sanders are aligned on most issues, and she’s competent enough to deliver. In other words, a Clinton presidency is not the end of the republic. Nor is it a death blow to the progressive movement. This is lost on many Sanders supporters. In the end, though, they’ll come around. Much of the festering frustration is just that – frustration. It will pass. Sanders is a uniquely honest politician. He spoke to issues progressives care about in a way no candidate in recent memory has. It’s tough to see him get so close and lose. But worry not, Democrats. Nearly every Bernie delegate I spoke to hinted that they’ll support Clinton in November, and those who said they won’t conceded that a Trump administration is a nightmare. Will there be some who abstain? Perhaps. But not enough to matter. And the majority of delegates vowing to write-in Sanders or vote for a third party candidate are doing so because they live in non-swing states. And that ought to comfort panicked Democrats.",1
3524,Enrique Marquez: I got rifles for San Bernardino killer,"San Bernardino, California (CNN) As federal authorities attempt to piece together the circumstances surrounding last week's terrorist attack in San Bernardino , their far-flung investigation has taken them as far away as Pakistan and Saudi Arabia.

But they have also returned, again and again, to a much closer source of clues: The house next door to the boyhood home of killer Syed Rizwan Farook

Their efforts there are focused on a bespectacled former Walmart employee, Enrique Marquez, and his purchase of a pair of rifles used in the attack that claimed 14 lives

Marquez has acknowledged that he bought the two AR-15s for Farook several years ago.He's also told investigators about a 2012 attack plot that he says he and Farook conceived but did not carry out , U.S. officials told CNN.

Marquez told investigators that part of the reason the two abandoned their plans was that around that time, they were spooked by unrelated FBI arrests of four people charged with attempting to travel abroad to carry out jihad.

Investigators are still trying to corroborate information provided by Marquez and haven't verified details of the alleged plot. Officials caution that Marquez's claim of a 2012 attack could turn out to be false and an attempt to deflect his role in helping buy weapons that Farook later used in the San Bernardino shootings last week.

Marquez, 24, has not been charged with any crime and has told investigators he didn't know about the plans for the San Bernardino attack. Since the shootings, he has waived his Miranda rights, cooperated with investigators and provided information, according to the officials.

Marquez could not be reached for comment. No attorney has come forward.

Marquez's mother, Armida Chacon, told reporters outside her home Thursday she had no knowledge of her son's involvement in events leading up to the shooting. A sobbing Chacon said: ""He was a good person. How would I know? I didn't know,"" adding that she has not been interviewed by investigators.

""He was a good young man. Whatever I asked him to do he would do. He watched over his brothers. He helped me a lot. He was my right hand around the house,"" she said after requesting that journalists turn off their cameras before she would speak.

""I want to be left in peace. When I am ready, I will sit down and talk to you. My life changed since Wednesday,"" Chacon said. ""My son is a good person. A good person. The rest, I don't know how it happened. I want to see him.""

FBI Assistant Director David Bowdich was tight-lipped when asked about his status in the investigation at a news conference earlier this week. ""I'm not prepared to discuss Mr. Marquez at this point,"" Bowdich said.

According to county records, Marquez and Farook are related by marriage, and the address on his marriage license is the current address of Farook's father. Marquez was married last year with Farook's brother as a witness.

He converted to Islam several years ago and attended the same mosque as other members of the Farook family.

Marquez, who was a state licensed security guard until his license expired last year, checked himself into a mental health facility in the wake of the attacks, according to law enforcement officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity.

According to officials, Marquez told investigators that he and Farook were on the path to radicalization as early as 2011. That same year, Marquez bought the first of two rifles for Farook.

Marquez gave the rifles to Farook shortly after purchasing them but did not report the transfer of ownership, two law enforcement officials said Tuesday.

Such transactions could be a violation of California law, the officials said.

Heavily armed FBI agents descended on his home on Tomlinson Avenue in Riverside early Saturday to serve a search warrant, waking neighbors with a bullhorn announcement for the occupants to come to the door. Agents ultimately forced entry through the garage. They returned a day later for a consensual search to retrieve items not covered in the scope of the warrant, according to a law enforcement official.

Agents also visited the Walmart store in Corona where Marquez worked. A spokesman for the retailer said Marquez has worked for Walmart since May, but ""the decision has been made to terminate him.""

A co-worker who asked not to be named said she was twice interviewed by FBI agents earlier this week. They asked about Marquez's personality and interests, the co-worker said.

In a brief interview with CNN, she said she told investigators she had no knowledge of Marquez using weapons or of having any link to the killers, whom she did not know. She did not associate with Marquez outside of work, she said.

Neighbors of the Tomlinson Avenue homes where Marquez and Farook lived next door to one another recalled the two working on cars together but did not know whether their relationship extended beyond that shared interest.

One neighbor, who asked not to be named, said Marquez seemed like a nice young man. ""He was a good guy,"" the neighbor said.

Another neighbor, Freddy Escamilla, said he'd recently run into Marquez on the street and that he was typically subdued, nodding hello but not saying much.

""He never really talked to anyone,"" Escamilla said, adding that he was ""really introverted. Very introverted.""

Marquez converted to Islam and attended mosque sermons on and off for a couple years, said Azmi Hasan, who has served as facility manager of the Islamic Society of Corona-Norco since 2000.

Hasan said Marquez acted goofy, describing one instance when he saw him outside the mosque laughing out loud to himself. When approached by Hasan about what was so funny, Marquez said he wasn't laughing.

Hasan said Marquez attended sermons by himself but stopped coming about two years ago. He said he ran into Marquez, who he recalled as quiet and introverted, at a party and asked why he hadn't been coming to sermons more often.

When questioned about why he wasn't coming to sermons, Marquez would say he was busy, according to Hasan. At one point, Hasan said, Marquez responded that Islam was not working for him.

Hasan said Syed Rizwan Farook's sister and brother-in-law also attended the mosque but that he'd never seen Marquez in their company.",1
30,Abortion bill dropped amid concerns of female GOP lawmakers,"This item has been updated.

House Republican leaders abruptly dropped plans late Wednesday to vote on an anti-abortion bill amid a revolt by female GOP lawmakers concerned that the legislation's restrictive language would once again spoil the party's chances of broadening its appeal to women and younger voters.

In recent days, as many as two dozen Republicans had raised concerns with the ""Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act"" that would ban abortions after the 20th week of a pregnancy. Sponsors said that exceptions would be allowed for a woman who is raped, but she could only get the abortion after reporting the rape to law enforcement.

A vote had been scheduled for Thursday to coincide with the annual March for Life, a gathering that brings hundreds of thousands of anti-abortion activists to Washington to mark the anniversary of the Supreme Court's 1973 Roe v. Wade decision that legalized abortion.

But Republican leaders dropped those plans after failing to win over a bloc of lawmakers, led by Reps. Rene Ellmers (R-N.C.) and Jackie Walorski (R-Ind.), who had raised concerns.

The House will vote instead Thursday on a bill prohibiting federal funding for abortions -- a more innocuous anti-abortion measure that the Republican-controlled chamber has passed before.

A senior GOP aide said that concerns had been raised ""by men and women Members that still need to be worked out."" The aide, who wasn't authorized to speak publicly about the plans, said in an e-mail that Thursday's vote will help ""advance the pro-life cause"" and that GOP leaders ""remain committed to continue working through the process [on the Pain Capable bill] to make sure it too is successful.""

Other aides said that leaders were eager to avoid political fallout from a large number of female Republicans voting against an abortion bill in the early stages of the new GOP-controlled Congress.

The dispute erupted into the open in recent days and once again demonstrated the changing contours of the expanded House Republican caucus. The 246-member caucus is seeing rifts on issues where it once had more unity. That's because there are now more moderate Republicans from swing districts who could face tough reelections in 2016 when more Democratic and independent voters are expected to vote in the presidential election.

Already this month, a large bloc of moderate Republicans voted against a spending bill that would repeal President Obama's changes to immigration policy enacted by executive action. More than two dozen Republicans from metropolitan areas with large immigrant populations also voted against an amendment to the bill that would end temporary legal protections to the children of illegal immigrants.

The abortion bill pulled Wednesday night was strongly opposed by Democrats and women's rights groups. But a similar version of the bill easily passed the GOP-controlled House in 2013 and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) had vowed to bring it up for a vote.

Rep. Trent Franks (R-Ariz.), the bill’s lead sponsor, had predicted Wednesday that his proposal would easily pass because it ""has overwhelming support among the American people.""

But Ellmers and Walorski had withdrawn their support and voiced concerns during meetings at the annual Republican policy retreat in Hershey, Pa. Ellmers did so again Wednesday at a closed-door House GOP meeting in the basement of the Capitol, according to several people who attended.

Seeking to rebut growing criticism from conservatives, Ellmers said on Facebook Wednesday evening that she would vote for the bill: ""I have and will continue to be a strong defender of the prolife community,"" she wrote.

But she had recently asked leaders to reconsider holding the vote, noting that Republicans had faced harsh criticism from Democrats in recent years for mounting a ""war on women"" by passing restrictive abortion legislation and other similar bills.

""The first vote we take, or the second vote, or the fifth vote, shouldn't be on an issue where we know that millennials—social issues just aren't as important [to them],"" she said in an interview with National Journal.

The opposition set off a scramble Wednesday among top GOP leaders concerned about how several ""no"" votes could be perceived by their party and the general public.

With word of the opposition spreading, Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) and Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-La.) conferred nervously off the House floor after a midday vote. From there, Scalise headed to a meeting in his office suite with Ellmers, Walorski, Rep. Marsha Blackburn (R-Tenn.) -- a lead co-sponsor of the bill -- and several other women.

In a caucus dominated by men, a meeting with top leaders requested and attended almost exclusively by women is a rare sight.

One-by-one they exited the meeting and remained tight-lipped.

Walorski said the dispute ""is no different"" than conversations that occur before votes on other legislation. When pressed to explain her specific concerns, she rushed off: ""I can't. I can't.""

Others seen exiting included Reps. Kristi Noem (R-S.D.), Diane Black (R-Tenn.), Jaime Herrera Beutler (R-Wash.), Vicky Hartzler (R-Mo.), Elise Stefanik (R-N.Y.), Barbara Comstock (R-Va.), Susan Brooks (R-Ind.) and Ann Wagner (R-Mo.). Hartzler had already signaled her support for the bill to reporters. The other women declined to comment.

The impasse prompted Tony Perkins, who leads the conservative Family Research Council, to visit the Capitol Wednesday to meet with Scalise.

He cited ""a lot of misconceptions"" for causing last-minute disputes with the bill. ""We’re talking about a measure that would limit abortions after five months,"" he said. ""America is only one of four nations that allows abortions throughout the entire pregnancy.""

Women's rights groups and Democrats have denounced the legislation as dangerous and unconstitutional. In a message to group members, the National Organization for Women cited federal statistics showing that just 35 percent of rape victims report the incident to police -- and said that the bill will do nothing to increase the rate of reporting.

Ilyse Hogue, president of NARAL Pro-Choice America, cheered the decision of GOP leaders.

""I never thought I would see the day that the Tea Party-led House of Representatives would wake up to the fact that their priorities — outright abortion bans — are way out of touch with the American people,"" she said in a statement. ""The GOP drafted a bill so extreme and so out of touch with the voters that even their own membership could not support.""

The 22 women in the House GOP caucus are well aware that many of their male colleagues have earned the ire of Democrats and women's rights groups for talking about rape and women's rights.

At the same closed-door retreat two years ago, Republican pollsters implored GOP lawmakers to stop discussing rape on the campaign trail and on Capitol Hill. The warnings came after several candidates faced heat in 2012 -- including former congressman Todd Akin (R-Mo.), who said a woman could terminate a pregnancy resulting from a “legitimate rape,"" and Richard Mourdock, a GOP candidate for an Indiana Senate seat, who said that babies resulting from rape were a ""gift from God.""

Franks, who is an ardent antiabortion activist, has been known to take an aggressive stance on the issue in the past, often clashing with Democrats opposed to his proposals. But on Wednesday, he took a notably softer tone as he acknowledged the concerns of his colleagues.

""I’ve maintained an open heart, because I realize that all of the people involved have sincere perspectives and have knowledge and experiences and information that I don’t have,"" he said. ""So my heart is open – my desire here is not a political victory, it is to try to somehow be part of catalyzing an awakening in America to where we finally see the humanity of these little victims and the inhumanity of what’s happening to them.""",1
