id,title,text,label
11523,U.N. judicial rights expert decries Poland's 'political' legal reforms,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The U.N. independent expert on the independence of judges and lawyers criticized Poland on Friday for legal reforms that have already attracted unprecedented censure from the European Union, dubbing them a serious breach of the rule of law. Diego Garc a-Say n, a special rapporteur mandated by the U.N. Human Rights Council to investigate the independence of judges and lawyers, said Poland s newly adopted laws threatened the independence of the judiciary.  These new laws are part of a larger plan aimed at placing the judiciary under the political control of the ruling party,  Garc a-Say n said in a statement.  He said Poland had been comprehensively reforming its judicial system since parliamentary elections in 2015, aiming to increase its effectiveness and restore public trust. Such reforms were a legitimate objective, he added.  What is happening in Poland today, however, is a vicious attempt to place the whole judicial system under the control of the executive and legislative branches.   The EU executive launched an unprecedented action against Poland on Wednesday, calling on other member states to prepare to sanction Warsaw if it fails to reverse judicial reforms that Brussels says pose a threat to democracy. [nL8N1OK2YJ] Poland s government rejects accusations of undemocratic behavior and says reforms are needed because the courts are slow, inefficient and steeped in a communist era-mentality. ",1
11524,"U.N. hails first step on Syria detainees, cautious on Sochi plan","GENEVA (Reuters) - U.N. Syria envoy Staffan de Mistura said Syria talks in the Kazakh capital Astana on Friday had agreed on a  working group  for the release of detainees, which he said was a commendable first step towards an arrangement between the warring sides.  He also said that Russia s plan to convene a Syrian  congress of national dialogue  in Sochi next month should be assessed by its ability to contribute to and support the U.N.-led Geneva talks on ending the war in Syria.  ",1
11525,Syrian government envoy: U.S. and Turkish troops should leave Syria,"ASTANA (Reuters) - Syria s U.N. ambassador, Bashar al-Jaafari, said on Friday that U.S. and Turkish troops should leave Syria immediately. He made the demand during Syrian peace talks in Astana, the capital of Kazakhstan. ",1
11526,"Russia says 48,000 of its troops took part in Syria campaign","MOSCOW (Reuters) - A total of 48,000 of Russian troops have taken part in Moscow s military campaign in Syria, Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu said on Friday. ",1
11527,Ugandan army attacks rebel camps in eastern Congo,"KAMPALA (Reuters) - The Ugandan army on Friday attacked rebel camps in eastern Congo, an army spokesman said. The attack followed intelligence sharing with the Democratic Republic of the Congo, spokesman Richard Karemire told Reuters.    So in a pre-emptive move this afternoon, UPDF conducted attacks, they are of a limited nature on camps in DRC,  he said.  ",1
11528,Putin accuses U.S. of plotting to break landmark arms control pact,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin on Friday accused the United States of plotting to withdraw from the Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces treaty, which bans short and intermediate-range land-based nuclear and conventional missiles. Both Russia and the United States have accused each other of breaking the landmark arms control treaty that helped end the Cold War and have said its existence is now under threat. ",1
11529,Philippines' coast guard rescues 252 passengers from capsized ferry,"REAL, Philippines (Reuters) - The Philippines  coast guard said on Friday it had rescued 252 passengers and crew, including an Australian and his Filipino wife, and recovered five dead people from a ferry that capsized east of the capital Manila. A Philippine vessel capsized on Thursday because of bad weather, highlighting frequent boat accidents in the Southeast Asian nation that is composed of more than 7,000 islands. The Philippine Coast Guard has confirmed five deaths while 252 passengers including an Australian and his Filipino wife, were rescued, said spokesman Captain Arm and Balilo.  All the passengers and crew are accounted for but as I have said we will re-evaluate based on the claims of the families of the missing passengers,  Balilo told Reuters. The vessel was carrying 257 passengers and crew. The boat left the port around 9 a.m. and capsized an hour later due to strong winds and giant waves. A survivor said the passengers panicked when the boat started to take in water and went to one side, causing the ferry to tilt and capsize.  The others waited on top of the ship while it was sinking, but I didn t do that because I know the ship will break down and I want to avoid getting hurt by that,  Rene Ebuenga, a rescued passenger told Reuters.  That s dangerous and the big waves can slam debris to your body.  The ferry capsized and sank about 5 miles off Quezon province, east of the capital on the main northern island of Luzon. The Philippine Coast Guard said it will conduct an inquiry to determine the cause of the incident and to verify possible oil spills. In 1987, nearly 5,000 people died in the world s worst peacetime shipping disaster when an overloaded passenger ferry Dona Paz collided with an oil tanker off Mindoro island in the central Philippines. Tropical storm Tembin, packing center winds of 80 kmh (49 mph), made landfall on the southern island of Mindanao early Friday. It weakened after hitting the land mass, the weather bureau said on Friday. But, the weather agency warned of extensive flooding and landslides until the storm exits the Philippines on Sunday. ",1
11530,Peruvian president divides opposition to avert ousting,"LIMA (Reuters) - Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski has thwarted a bid in Congress to force him out over a graft scandal, as an opposition lawmaker accused him of securing votes by promising to free ex-president Alberto Fujimori from jail. Before Thursday evening s vote on a motion to push him out, Kuczynski urged lawmakers to set aside unproven allegations of graft against him to defend Peru from what he called a coup attempt by the right-wing Popular Force party. Popular Force emerged from the populist movement started in the 1990s by Fujimori, who is now serving a 25-year sentence for corruption and human rights crimes. Kuczynski s government had denied that a pardon would be part of a political negotiation. But Popular Force lawmaker Cecilia Chacon told reporters that the government had promised a faction of her party that Fujimori would be pardoned if it backed him. The bulk of Popular Force, led by Fujimori s daughter Keiko Fujimori, sought to depose Kuczynski as  morally unfit  to govern after discovering business ties he once had with a firm at the center of the region s biggest graft scandal. But the party, which last week mustered 93 votes to begin proceedings, failed to secure the 87 needed to pass the motion, thanks to 10 Popular Force abstentions. The vote capped a week of political turmoil in one of Latin America s most stable and robust economies, also the world s second-biggest copper producer. Television images showed Kuczynski, a 79-year-old former Wall Street banker, dancing a jig amid cheering supporters outside his home in Lima s financial district.  Tomorrow a new chapter in our history begins: the reconciliation and rebuilding of our country,  he tweeted. But Kuczynski s political troubles might not be over. Popular Force has vowed to continue to investigate deposits totaling $4.8 million that Brazilian builder Odebrecht made to consultant firms owned by Kuczynski or a close business associate of his over a decade, starting in 2004. Odebrecht has rocked Latin American politics with its confession exactly a year ago that it bribed officials across the region, landing elites in jail from Colombia to the Dominican Republic.  Kuczynski once denied having any professional ties to the company, and has since said he was unaware of the transactions but that there was nothing improper about them. Kuczynski took office promising that his decades of experience in finance and public administration would help usher in an era of clean government and robust growth. But his first 16 months in power have been marked by clashes in Congress, where Popular Force has helped oust four ministers. His triumph on Thursday was the first clear sign that he might be able to exploit a family feud in Popular Force to defend his government from Congress. Keiko Fujimori faces competition from her younger brother Kenji for leadership of their father s following. Hours before the vote, Kenji threw his support behind Kuczynski in a video, without specifying who else he spoke for, saying:  We re going to prioritize making the president s administration stronger.  Kenji has been more vocal than his sister in calling for a presidential pardon for their father. Alberto Fujimori remains a divisive figure. While some considered him a corrupt dictator, others credit him with ending an economic crisis and leftist rebellion in the 1990s.     Congresswoman Chacon, loyal to Keiko, said the abstainers had been swayed by the government.  They ve spoken to several of them, offering to free President Fujimori,  she said.  Let s see if they follow through with it.  After the vote, Kenji shared a clip from the movie  The Lion King , saying only:  The time has arrived.  Many interpreted the post to mean a pardon was pending. Kuczynski s government did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Hours before the vote, Prime Minister Mercedes Araoz had denied that the government would trade a pardon for Fujimori in exchange for votes.  That s not something that s negotiated,  she told a news conference. A Justice Ministry spokesman said Alberto Fujimori had sent Kuczynski s presidential pardons committee a request last week to free him by reducing his prison sentence. The person who filed the request was one of the Popular Force lawmakers loyal to Kenji who cast an abstention. Prior to the political crisis, Kuczynski said he would make a decision on a pardon for Fujimori by the end of the year. ",1
11531,Lotte chief gets suspended prison sentence; free to run firm,"SEOUL (Reuters) - A Seoul court on Friday found Lotte Group Chairman Shin Dong-bin guilty of breach of trust and embezzlement and sentenced him to 20 months in prison, suspended for two years, leaving him free to try and revive the conglomerate after steep losses in China. The Seoul Central District Court cleared the executive of some counts of breach of trust and one embezzlement charge.  I apologize to the public,  Shin said as he left court, without commenting further. Prosecutors had sought a ten-year jail term for Shin on charges of embezzlement and breach of trust after a probe since 2016 into the retail-to-chemicals group.       The ruling will come as a relief to Lotte at the end of a tough year during which it became the highest-profile corporate victim of a Beijing-Seoul spat over South Korea s installation of a U.S. missile defense system.  South Korea s fifth-largest conglomerate said,  We respect the court s decision. Lotte Group executives and employees will further unite to contribute to economic progress and do our best to meet our social responsibility.   The prosecution did not have an immediate comment. Legal experts said the prosecution was likely to appeal. Shin is the subject of another ongoing trial related to a bribery scandal involving former President Park Geun-hye. Prosecutors are seeking a four-year jail term and a fine of 7 billion won ($6.49 million). In the meantime, Friday s ruling means Lotte, with 110.8 trillion won worth of assets, avoids a leadership vacuum for the time being as it navigates mounting China losses and an uncertain recovery. Shunned in China, its key market, after it was pressed by Seoul to provide land for the THAAD missile defense system, Lotte s third-quarter China hypermarket sales were nearly wiped out to about $278,000 from around $264 million a year earlier.  Nearly all Lotte Mart stores in China have been shut for much of the year with local authorities citing fire safety issues, and the group has now put the business up for sale.  But the sale is likely to be delayed past the end-2017 deadline Lotte had sought, Lotte Corp official Choi Min-ho said, without giving a reason.  Lotte s businesses in South Korea, including its major duty-free operations, that had counted on big-spending Chinese tourists, remain under pressure amid curbs on Chinese tour groups traveling to the country. South Korea s credit rating agencies have downgraded or cut their outlook for corporate bonds of the group s flagship retailer Lotte Shopping and Hotel Lotte [HTLOT.UL], citing hurdles in improving their financial stability. Lotte, which shelved plans for an estimated $4.5 billion IPO of Hotel Lotte amid the investigation, is now battening down the hatches as a difficult year draws to an end. Lotte Shopping has frozen wages for its department store business this year for the first time since 2009, three Lotte officials said this week, declining to be identified as the matter was sensitive.  While Lotte confirmed wages had been frozen, the retail-to-chemical conglomerate declined further comment.  However, one of the officials from the department store business said:  Wages have been frozen due to various factors, but the THAAD issue was one of them.  ",1
11532,UK PM May says she was unaware of allegations against sacked deputy,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Friday she knew nothing of allegations of inappropriate behavior by her most senior minister, forced to resign this week, until she read about them in a newspaper. Damian Green, 61, has been accused of making a sexual advance towards academic Kate Maltby, the daughter of a family friend, in 2015, suggesting it might further her career. May forced Green, one of her closest political allies, to resign on Wednesday night because of a separate scandal - lying about whether he knew pornography had been found on computers in his parliamentary office. An internal investigation requested by May and conducted by a senior government official said on Wednesday it was not possible to reach a definitive conclusion on Maltby s allegations but said it found them plausible. In an interview with the Daily Telegraph published on Friday, Maltby said she had told an aide in May s Downing Street office about Green s advances in 2016.  However May said she had not been aware of the accusations about Green until they became public last month when Maltby wrote about them.  I first learnt of these allegations when Kate Maltby wrote about them in the Times,  May said in a television interview while visiting a British air base in Cyprus on Friday.  I recognize that Kate Maltby was obviously extremely distressed by what had happened. Damian Green has recognised that, he said that in the letter that he wrote to me, and he has apologized. And I think that s absolutely the right thing to do.  Green quit after the review said he had made inaccurate statements following reports last month in the Sunday Times newspaper that police had found pornography on his office computers in the Houses of Parliament in 2008. He said he had not downloaded or viewed the pornography, but admitted making misleading statements. Two former police officers who publicly disclosed details about Green s computers are themselves facing investigation over whether they breached data protection laws. Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said their actions had  the slight feeling of a vendetta . Green was appointed first secretary of state six months ago in a bid to shore up May s premiership following her disastrous June snap election that lost her party its majority in parliament, and is the third cabinet minister to quit in less than two months. ",1
11533,"Defying Trump, over 120 countries at U.N. condemn Jerusalem decision","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - More than 120 countries defied President Donald Trump on Thursday and voted in favor of a United Nations General Assembly resolution calling for the United States to drop its recent recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital. Trump had threatened to cut off financial aid to countries that voted in favor. A total of 128 countries backed the resolution, which is non-binding, nine voted against and 35 abstained. Twenty-one countries did not cast a vote.  Trump s threat appeared to have some impact, with more countries abstaining and rejecting the resolution than usually associated with Palestinian-related resolutions. Nevertheless, Washington found itself isolated as many of its Western and Arab allies voted for the measure. Some of those allies, like Egypt, Jordan and Iraq, are major recipients of U.S. military or economic aid, although the U.S. threat to cut aid did not single out any country. A spokesman for Western-backed Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas called the vote  a victory for Palestine.  Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rejected the vote.  Earlier this month, Trump reversed decades of U.S. policy by announcing the United States recognized Jerusalem - home to major Muslim, Jewish and Christian holy sites - as the capital of Israel and would move its embassy there.  The United States will remember this day in which it was singled out for attack in the General Assembly for the very act of exercising our right as a sovereign nation,  U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley told the 193-member General Assembly ahead of Thursday s vote.  We will remember it when we are called upon to once again make the world s largest contribution to the United Nations, and so many countries come calling on us, as they so often do, to pay even more and to use our influence for their benefit,  she said. Later on Thursday, Haley asked the 64 countries who voted no, abstained or did not cast a vote to come to a Jan. 3 reception  to thank you for your friendship to the United States,  according to the invitation seen by Reuters.  The status of Jerusalem is one of the thorniest obstacles to a peace deal between Israel and the Palestinians, who were furious over Trump s move. The international community does not recognize Israeli sovereignty over the full city. French U.N. Ambassador Francois Delattre said in a statement:  The resolution adopted today only confirms relevant international law provisions on Jerusalem.  France voted in favor.  Netanyahu described the resolution as  preposterous.   Jerusalem is our capital, always was, always will be. But I do appreciate the fact that a growing number of countries refuse to participate in this theater of the absurd,  he said in a video on his Facebook page. Israel captured East Jerusalem in a 1967 war and Palestinians want it as the capital of a future state they seek. Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif said in a tweet the vote was a clear international rejection of the Trump administration s  thuggish intimidation.  Among countries that abstained were Argentina, Australia, Canada, Colombia, Czech Republic, Hungary, Mexico, Philippines, Poland, Rwanda, South Sudan and Uganda.  Guatemala, Honduras, Marshall Islands, Micronesia, Nauru, Palau and Togo joined the United States and Israel in voting no. Honduras  vote against the motion comes after the United States signaled it would recognize President Juan Orlando Hernandez as the winner of an election the Organization of America States said should be scrapped over fraud claims.  Since Trump s election, Mexico has aligned its foreign policy more closely with Washington in what diplomats say is an attempt to curry favor in face of threats to withdraw from the NAFTA free trade agreement.  Trump s rhetoric on cutting aid startled some U.S. allies but State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said Thursday s vote was just one factor that Washington would take into consideration in its foreign policy.  I just wanted to reiterate what the president had said yesterday and that that was the U.N. vote is really not the only factor that the administration would take into consideration in dealing with our foreign relations and countries who have chosen to vote one way or the other,  she told reporters. According to figures from the U.S. government s aid agency USAID, in 2016 the United States provided some $13 billion in economic and military assistance to countries in sub-Saharan Africa and $1.6 billion to states in East Asia and Oceania. It provided some $13 billion to countries in the Middle East and North Africa, $6.7 billion to countries in South and Central Asia, $1.5 billion to states in Europe and Eurasia and $2.2 billion to Western Hemisphere countries, according to USAID. The General Assembly vote was called at the request of Arab and Muslim countries after the United States vetoed the same resolution on Monday in the 15-member U.N. Security Council. The remaining 14 Security Council members voted in favor of the Egyptian-drafted resolution, which did not specifically mention the United States or Trump but which expressed  deep regret at recent decisions concerning the status of Jerusalem.  Thursday s resolution  affirms that any decisions and actions which purport to have altered the character, status or demographic composition of the Holy City of Jerusalem have no legal effect, are null and void and must be rescinded.  The U.N. action comes a year after the Security Council adopted a resolution demanding an end to Israeli settlements. That was approved with 14 votes in favor and an abstention by former U.S. President Barack Obama s administration, which defied heavy pressure from longtime ally Israel and Trump, who was then president-elect, for Washington to wield its veto. ",1
11534,U.S. has disqualified itself from MidEast peace process: Abbas,"PARIS (Reuters) - The United States has  disqualified  itself from the Middle East peace process due to its recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital, said Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Friday.  The United States are no longer an honest mediator in the peace process, we will not accept any plan put forward by the United States,  said Abbas, speaking through a translator at a joint news briefing in Paris with French President Emmanuel Macron. Abbas also condemned a threat by U.S. President Donald Trump to cut off financial aid to countries that voted at the United Nations against the United States  decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital. On Thursday, more than 120 countries defied Trump and voted in favor of a United Nations General Assembly resolution calling for the United States to drop its recent recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital. Macron reiterated on Friday that France remained committed to a  two-state  solution, namely one in which Israel and Palestine peacefully co-exist side-by-side with one another. Macron added that France would recognize a Palestinian state  at the right time , and not under pressure. ",1
11535,Turkey's Erdogan calls on United States to step back from Jerusalem move,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan called on Friday for the United States to step back from its decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital after the United Nations voted against the move despite what he called  ugly and unforgivable  U.S. threats. More than 120 countries defied President Donald Trump on Thursday and voted in favor of a United Nations General Assembly resolution calling for the United States to drop its recent recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital.  Despite threats, the U.N. took an honorable stance,  Erdogan said at a meeting of his AK Party in Istanbul.  The U.S. should turn back from this wrong step.  Trump had threatened to cut off financial aid to countries that voted in favor. A total of 128 countries backed the resolution, which is non-binding, nine voted against and 35 abstained. Twenty-one countries did not cast a vote.   The U.S. attitude ahead of the U.N. vote will be remembered in the history of democracy as an ugly and unforgivable act,  Erdogan said. Trump s warning appeared to have some impact, with more countries abstaining and rejecting the resolution than usually associated with Palestinian-related resolutions.  The White House picked up the phone and called these countries one by one, threatening them blatantly,  Erdogan said, without elaborating.  ",1
11536,"Russia, Turkey hope Astana peace talks will lead to congress on Syria in Sochi","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin and his Turkish counterpart Tayyip Erdogan said on Friday they hoped the current round of Syria peace talks in Astana would lay the groundwork for a Syrian national dialogue congress in Sochi, the Kremlin said. Speaking over the phone, the two leaders also confirmed their readiness to assist the settlement of the Palestine-Israeli conflict on the basis of international law  and help implement the right of the people of Palestine to create an independent state , the Kremlin said in a statement. ",1
11537,Catalan separatists win election in rebuke to Spain and EU,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Catalonia s separatists look set to regain power in the wealthy Spanish region after local elections on Thursday, deepening the nation s political crisis in a sharp rebuke to Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy and European Union leaders who backed him. With nearly all votes counted, separatist parties won a slim majority in Catalan parliament, a result that promises to prolong political tensions which have damaged Spain s economy and prompted a business exodus from the region. Rajoy, who called the elections after sacking the previous secessionist government, had hoped Catalonia s  silent majority  would deal separatism a decisive blow in what was a de facto independence referendum, but his hard line backfired. The unexpected result sets the stage for the return to power of deposed Catalan president Carles Puigdemont who campaigned from self-exile in Brussels. State prosecutors accuse him of sedition, and he faces arrest if he were to return home.  Either Rajoy changes his recipe or we change the country,  Puigdemont, said in a televised speech. He was flanked by four former cabinet members that fled with him. At jubilant pro-independence rallies around Barcelona, supporters chanted  President Puigdemont  and unfurled giant red-and-yellow Catalan flags as the results came in. Puigdemont s spokesman told Reuters in a text message:  We are the comeback kids.  The result unnerved global markets, contributing to a softer euro and subdued sentiment in stock markets. Opinion polls had predicted secessionists to fall short of a majority. More than 3,100 firms have moved their legal headquarters outside Catalonia, concerned that the indebted region, which accounts for a fifth of the national economy, could split from Spain and tumble out of the EU and the euro zone by default. Spain has trimmed its growth forecasts for next year, and official data shows foreign direct investment in Catalonia fell 75 percent in the third quarter from a year earlier, dragging down national investment. The EU s major powers, Germany and France, have backed Rajoy s stance despite some criticism of his methods at times. On Oct. 1, when Catalonia staged an independence referendum, Spain declared it unconstitutional and national police used tear gas and batons to prevent some Catalans from voting. When Catalan parliament declared independence after the referendum, Rajoy invoked constitutional powers to impose direct rule from Madrid on the region. He has said he would rescind direct rule regardless of the election result, but could re-impose it if a new government again pursued secession. There was no immediate comment from Rajoy after the election results. The narrow victory for Puigdemont s secessionist camp presents a fresh headache for the EU, which had defended the Spanish judiciary s pursuit of separatist leaders on grounds that they had violated Spain s constitution. Puigdemont s attempts to gain international support in Brussels have come to nothing so far. He has called the EU a  club of decadent countries  for declining to mediate a solution. Separatist parties won 70 seats out of 135, with Puigdemont s Junts Per Catalunya (Together for Catalonia) party retaining its position as the largest separatist force. Unionist party Ciudadanos (Citizens) won the most votes, but other unionist forces   Rajoy s People s Party and the Socialist Party   registered a dismal performance.  It s a bitter victory,  said Paloma Morales, a 27-year-old student at a Ciudadanos rally.  It means four more years of misery.  Analysts said the ball was back in Rajoy s court.  What this shows is that the problem for Madrid remains and the secession movement is not going to go away,  said Antonio Barroso, deputy director of research at London-based research firm Teneo Intelligence. Turnout on Thursday reached a record high with over 83 percent of eligible Catalans voting. Puigdemont s former deputy, Oriol Junqueras, and several other Catalan politicians are in prison, along with the leaders of the two main separatist grassroots movements. ",1
11538,"Germany calls for reconciliation, respect for constitution in Spain","BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany called for reconciliation and respect for the constitution in Spain after separatists triumphed in Catalan regional elections on Thursday in a result that threatens to prolong political tensions there.  We hope that the current division in Catalan society can be overcome and that a common future can be found with all political forces in Spain,  government spokeswoman Ulrike Demmer told a regular government news conference on Friday.  Any government will have to act on the basis of the rule of law and the Spanish constitution,  she added. ",1
11539,UK's Johnson to Russia: We can't ignore your election meddling,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - British foreign minister Boris Johnson said on Friday that London could not ignore Russia s meddling in elections around the world, its actions in Ukraine, or the persecution of gay people in Chechnya. Johnson was speaking at a news conference in Moscow after holding talks with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov.   ",1
11540,Somalia releases jailed ex-minister and government critic,"MOGADISHU (Reuters) - A court in Somalia on Thursday released without charge a former minister and government critic who spent two days in jail after being arrested for alleged treason, an arrest which ignited a smoldering political crisis for the fragile government. Abdirahman Abdishakur was released after the attorney general, who had ordered his arrest, had failed to bring evidence against him, Judge Aweys Sheikh Abdullahi told a courtroom. He was released at midnight after reconciliation efforts between the government and traditional leaders before  Thursday s court ruling, Information Minister Abdirahman Omar Osman said. Somali attorney general Ahmed Ali Dahir said he planned to appeal the ruling and criticized the court for not granting him five extra days to investigate as he had requested.   The case is in its first phase,  he told reporters.  The attorney general s office was not given the investigation period  it asked for.  Earlier this week, Dahir had described Abdishakur s house as a hub for the opposition and a gathering point for people who wanted to replace the government. The arrest of Abdishakur, who ran in the February election won by President Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed, followed mounting pressure on the president and his U.N.-backed government to end an Islamist insurgency.  On Wednesday, some Somali lawmakers said they planned to impeach the president. [L4N1OK3Z0] Parliament adjourned last week until the end of February, but some legislators want it to reconvene on an emergency basis, lawmaker Mahad Salad told Reuters. The political turmoil endangers fragile gains against the Islamist al Shabaab insurgency. Islamist militants al Shabaab have been stepping up pressure on Mohamed s government by staging frequent and increasingly large-scale bombings against both civilian and military targets in recent months in the capital Mogadishu and elsewhere.  The group is fighting to expel African Union peacekeeping force AMISOM from Somalia, topple the federal government and impose rule based on its strict interpretation of Islam s sharia law. More than 500 people were killed in twin bomb blasts in Mogadishu in October while this month a suicide bomber killed at least 18 people at a Mogadishu police academy. Early on Thursday, al Shabaab militants ambushed three vehicles belonging to the military s U.S.-trained special forces unit Danab on a road between Mogadishu and the town of Wanlaweyn. The group said it seized the three cars while residents said they saw two burning cars. Police Major Ahmed Nur told Reuters al Shabaab had targeted the convoy with a roadside bomb before ambushing it.  We sent reinforcement to the area but we believe many died from both sides,  he said.  We ambushed the so-called military commandos and took their pickups,  Abdiasis Abu Musab, al Shabaab s military operation spokesman, said. Somalia has been locked in lawlessness and violence since the early 1990s, following the ousting of dictator Mohamed Siad Barre.  ",1
11541,South Korea's Moon promises thorough probe as anger mounts at deadly sauna fire,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean President Moon Jae-in comforted mourners in the small scenic city of Jecheon on Friday amid growing public anger at how fire ripped through an eight-storey building, killing at least 29 people, most of them taking a sauna.  All but one of the victims had been identified by Friday morning, including 20 women who were overcome by toxic fumes in the second-floor sauna, Jecheon fire chief Lee Sang-min said.   Our crew on the scene said the lockers inside the facility were installed like a labyrinth and it s a glass building with few windows, which apparently made way for the smoke from the first floor to quickly fill up the second floor,  Lee told reporters. Consoling family members, President Moon Jae-in said he was devastated and promised a full investigation.  The government as a whole will thoroughly probe this accident s cause and process of response, and although after the fact, the investigation and measures will be such that, at least, there will not be lingering deep sorrow.  Moon s predecessor, ousted former president Park Geun-hye, was widely criticized for her slow and ineffective response to the Sewol ferry tragedy in 2014 in which more than 300 people, mostly schoolchildren, drowned. Anger mounted on Friday at reports of shoddy construction, broken doors and other problems that may have contributed to the deaths.  One man shouted at officials visiting survivors in hospital, complaining that firefighters failed to break through to the trapped women in time. Media reported that a glass door leading to the sauna had not been working properly for more than a month, and that emergency stairs were often used for storage.   Nothing has changed even after the Sewol tragedy,  parliament member Ahn Cheol-soo said.  I just cannot understand why the same type of accidents happen over and over again,  he said, according to the Yonhap news agency. Jecheon s mayor told reporters the city was considering a mass funeral and planned to cover most of the costs. Investigators were still trying to find out the cause of the conflagration, but were focusing on a first-floor parking lot, Lee said.  There were cars parked on the first floor, and as they were burning, a large amount of toxic gases were released.   Tragic stories began to emerge as victims were identified. One man told Yonhap that he lost his mother, wife, and daughter. Another said he received a phone call from his trapped wife as she coughed in the gathering smoke, but was later unable to reach her again. Heavy smoke charred glass facade of the building as firefighters struggled to extinguish the blaze, climbing up and down a ladder in a desperate search for survivors. Organizers called off a leg of the 2018 Pyeongchang Winter Games torch relay in Jecheon on what should have been a day of celebration ahead of the games.  We thought that having a torch relay at a place where so many people died in a fire accident is just not right, and therefore canceled today s event in Jecheon,  Ryu Hoyon, the torch relay manager for the Pyeongchang organizing committee, told Reuters.  We are planning to adjust further schedules with those who want to continue the relay.  Jecheon is southeast of the capital Seoul and is popular with visitors to its mountains and lakes. (tmsnrt.rs/2BvndG6) The Games begin in February. ",1
11542,Fire in South Korean fitness center kills 29,"SEOUL (Reuters) - A fire in an eight-storey fitness center in the scenic South Korean city of Jecheon on Thursday killed at least 29 people, most of them as they were taking a sauna, officials said. The blaze began in a car parked on the first floor and spread, one official told Reuters. The local fire station said at least 12 women and three men were known to have died. Thirteen bodies were unrecognizable. The fire station official said most of the victims were found in the sauna, and the main cause of the death was suffocation rather than burns. The casualty toll was likely to rise as efforts to find victims remained in progress, fire station officials said. Heavy smoke charred glass facades of the building as firefighters struggled to extinguish the blaze, some climbing up and down a ladder in desperate search of survivors. Local news channel YTN said President Moon Jae-in voiced deep sorrow for so many deaths while Prime Minister Lee Nak-yeon vowed to expedite rescue efforts to try to minimize the number of dead and injured. Jecheon is southeast of the capital Seoul and is popular with visitors to its mountains and lakes. ",1
11543,South Africa's Zuma seeks to appeal ruling on influence-peddling,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s President Jacob Zuma has sought leave to appeal a court ruling ordering him to set up a judicial inquiry into influence-peddling in his government, local television channel eNCA reported on Friday. The High Court ruled on Dec. 13 that Zuma must set up a judicial inquiry into influence-peddling within 30 days and that he should pay costs for an earlier legal challenge.  Zuma s spokesman could not immediately comment when contacted by Reuters. Zuma was seeking leave to appeal the High Court ruling on 20 grounds, including that he should pay legal costs, eNCA reported. The influence-peddling inquiry was recommended in a report released a year ago by South Africa s Public Protector, whose job is to uphold standards in public life. Zuma also sought to block the release of the report, entitled  State of Capture , which focused on allegations that Zuma s friends, the businessmen and brothers Ajay, Atul and Rajesh Gupta, had influenced the appointment of ministers.  Zuma and the Guptas have denied all accusations of wrongdoing. The 75-year-old president has faced and denied numerous corruption allegations since taking office in 2009 and has survived several votes of no-confidence in parliament. ",1
11544,"Explosion outside Athens court shatters windows, no injuries","ATHENS (Reuters) - A makeshift bomb exploded outside a Greek court in Athens early on Friday shattering windows and damaging the facade of the building, police officials said.  Shots were also fired at a person guarding the Athens Appeal Court building, Justice Minister Stavros Kontonis told state TV. The Justice Ministry suspended the court s operation for one day. There were no reports of injuries. Two Greek media organizations received warning calls at 2:50 a.m. (0050 GMT), before the explosion, one official said.  Police, who had cordoned off the area, later found a bag which contained the makeshift bomb outside the building. Police were also investigating footage from cameras nearby, another official said, and reports of two people leaving the scene in a van. Small-scale attacks on businesses, state buildings, police and politicians are frequent in Greece, which has a long history of political violence.  Public anger remains high after seven years of belt-tightening in a crisis that has cut thousands of jobs and eroded living standards Protesters have repeatedly tried to block foreclosure auctions of home at courts, a key condition of Greece s international bailout. Electronic auctions started in November. ",1
11545,Malaysian PM Najib says will use all means to fight Trump's Jerusalem move,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak vowed on Friday to use every means to protest against U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital, a tough stand likely to win him support among Muslim voters. Najib has been embroiled in a graft scandal over a state-run fund, and has faced unprecedented criticism from former ruling party stalwarts, making the support of members of the Muslim, ethnic Malay majority vital in a general election next year.  We will continue to fight on this issue, using every available means, through political and diplomatic channels, through discussion and prayer, until one day, God willing, Jerusalem belongs to the Palestinian people,  Najib told a rally of about 1,500 in the administrative capital of Putrajaya. He said he would not  sacrifice the sanctity of Islam  despite his friendship with Trump. Najib visited the White House in September.  It is our first duty as Muslims to uphold the religion. If Jerusalem is a sacred land for Muslims, then it is upon us to free it from the grasps of Zionists,  Najib said. Najib and his ruling party have been burnishing their Islamic credentials with the aim of boosting their chances in the general election, which must be held by mid-2018.  About 60 percent of Malaysia s population is ethnic Malay Muslim, with most of the rest ethnic Chinese and ethnic Indian. Najib, who did not mention the election in his speech at the rally, is hoping to win a third term despite the multi-billion dollar corruption scandal at 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB) that has dogged his premiership for two years. U.S. Attorney-General Jeff Sessions this month described the scandal at the sovereign fund set up by Najib as the worst form of kleptocracy. The U.S. Department of Justice has filed several lawsuits to seize more than $1.7 billion in assets believed to have been stolen from 1MDB. Sessions did not identify any officials he thought were corrupt. Najib, who served as chairman of 1MDB s advisory board, has consistently denied any wrongdoing at the fund, and Malaysia s attorney-general has cleared him of any wrongdoing. The ruling party united behind Najib at a conference this month, letting him stand unopposed in a party leadership contest due next year. A rebounding economy and currency have also helped him improve his image. Four years ago, the ruling party crept back into power despite losing the popular vote and registering its worst ever election performance. This time, the challenge is coming from the veteran former prime minister Mahathir Mohamad, who gave up the premiership in 2003 after 22 years in power and had been Najib s mentor. Mahathir, the chairman of the opposition coalition, last week called Trump an  international bully  and a  villain  for his recognition of Jerusalem. Mahathir said on Twitter the Friday rally could  only be meaningful if it results in the BN government acting against Donald Trump and the United States , referring to the ruling Barisan Nasional coalition. Malaysia was one of the 128 countries that defied Trump on Thursday and voted in favor of a United Nations General Assembly resolution calling for the United States to drop its recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital. ",1
11546,Britain will take a 'hard-headed' approach to Russia: May,"LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May said Britain would take a  hard headed  approach to dealing with Russia ahead of a meeting between foreign minister Boris Johnson and his Russian counterpart in Moscow on Friday.  We are aware of the activity that Russia has undertaken, the illegal annexation of Crimea, its continued activity in the Ukraine, also the action that it is taking in relation to disinformation elsewhere,  she said in an interview with Sky News at an air base in Cyprus.   (Johnson) will be speaking in a hard-headed way with the Russians about the concerns we have about their activity.  ",1
11547,China tells U.S. not to be a 'human rights judge' after sanctions on Chinese official,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China on Friday urged the United States not to set itself up as a  human rights judge  and denounced the U.S. Treasury Department for punishing a Chinese public security official for alleged rights abuses.  Gao Yan was one of the targets of an executive order issued by U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday blocking the property of foreigners involved in human rights abuses. Gao had been in charge at Chaoyang Detention Centre in Beijing where a Chinese rights activist, Cao Shunli, was held and questioned prior to her death in hospital under police custody in March 2014. Rights groups say Cao was tortured and denied medical care. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying told a regular briefing that China opposed the United States using sanctions to target other countries  citizens based on their own domestic laws.  We urge the United States to impartially and objectively look upon China s human rights development and to stop acting as a so-called human rights judge,  she said, adding that China s police maintain public security in accordance with law. The head of the Russian republic of Chechnya and four other Russians and Chechens were also included on the list of individuals to be targeted under the Magnitsky Act, a 2012 law which freezes the bank accounts of those targeted. Hong Kong-based group Chinese Human Rights Defenders said in a statement that they welcomed Gao being named, but that they regretted the inclusion of only a low-level Chinese official, calling for Fu Zhenghua, a deputy minister of public security, to also be included.  Other higher-level police officials, who had  command responsibility  for Cao Shunli s death in custody and for other incidents of torture and human rights violations, including arbitrary detention, continue to enjoy impunity,  they said. Beijing regularly rejects foreign criticism of its human rights record saying that its people are best placed to judge the rights situation in China and that the country is governed by law. President Xi Jinping has presided over a crackdown on rights activists and lawyers that has seen hundreds detained or jailed since 2015 in what advocacy groups have called an unprecedented attack on human rights in China.  ",1
11548,Turkish police arrest 15 senior military officers in Gulen probe: Anadolu,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish police arrested 15 senior military officers in an investigation into the network of a U.S.-based cleric who Ankara accuses of orchestrating last year s attempted coup, state-run Anadolu news agency said on Friday. It said police were seeking one more officer in the operation, focused on the capital Ankara and spread across nine provinces, adding that 12 of the total 16 suspects were serving officers. Among the suspects were seven colonels and nine lieutenant colonels from Turkey s gendarmerie force, which maintains security in rural areas, the Hurriyet news website said. More than 50,000 people, including security personnel and civil servants, have been jailed pending trial in the aftermath of the failed putsch, which the government blames on Islamic preacher Fethullah Gulen. He has denied involvement.     Some 150,000 people have also been suspended or dismissed in a crackdown which rights groups say has been used as a pretext to muzzle dissent but which the government says has been necessary due to the security threats Turkey faces. Police operations targeting alleged followers of Gulen have been conducted on a near daily basis since the coup attempt in July 2016, and authorities issued arrest warrants for 44 teachers on Friday, Anadolu said. The suspects were former teachers at Gulen-linked schools which were previously closed by state decree, Anadolu said. Twenty-eight of the teachers were arrested so far. Schools linked to Gulen s network have been established across Asia, Africa and the United States and since the putsch, Turkey has asked countries including Afghanistan and Pakistan to close them down. ",1
11549,Germany hopes for improvement in Turkey ties after new prisoner release,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said Turkey s decision to release a sixth German citizen from jail on Thursday gave hope that relations between the two NATO allies could improve after plumbing new lows following a failed coup in 2016. The decision to allow pilgrim David Britsch to return to Germany follows the release earlier this week of German journalist Mesale Tolu after nearly eight months in prison.  Decisions such as these give hope that we can rebuild trust step by step and relax the bilateral relationship,  Gabriel said in a statement released late on Thursday. Gabriel said he had agreed with his Turkish counterpart Mevlut Cavusoglu to continue talks given the  difficult issues  that still had to be resolved. Germany is home to some 3 million people of Turkish heritage.  Following recent rulings in Turkey, six persons have now been released from prisons or allowed to leave,  Gabriel said.  And in the case of the imprisoned journalist Deniz Yucel, the Turkish judiciary has at least made the conditions for detention easier. The next urgent step here is the presentation of an indictment.  The releases come two weeks after German federal prosecutors dropped an investigation against a dozen Muslim clerics who were suspected of spying in Germany on behalf of the Turkish government. Tolu was charged with being a member of a terrorist organization and publishing terrorist propaganda following the July 2016 coup. She was released on the condition that she does not leave the country.  German politicians have been outspoken critics of Turkey s security crackdown since the coup. Tens of thousands of Turks have been jailed, including around a dozen who hold German citizenship.  Ankara has criticized Berlin for not handing over asylum seekers it accuses of involvement in the failed coup. It says  U.S.-based cleric Fetullah Gulen was the mastermind of the coup, but Gulen denies involvement. ",1
11550,South Sudan says president not connected to sanctioned businessman,"JUBA (Reuters) - South Sudan denied on Friday that a businessman sanctioned by the United States was an adviser to President Salva Kiir, and said the decision to blacklist him was based on misleading information.   Benjamin Bol Mel was among several individuals from different countries whom the United States placed under sanctions on Thursday.  It said Mel had served as Kiir s principal financial adviser as well as his private secretary, and that ABMC Thai-South Sudan Construction Company Limited, of which Mel is president, was suspected of getting preferential treatment in government contracts. Ateny Wek Ateny, Kiir s spokesman, said the assertion that Mel had business ties with the president  is not true , and also denied that there were any official relations between the two men.   He is not an adviser to the president and he should be treated as an individual.   Ateny said most of the information the United States used to blacklist South Sudan officials was  misleading . South Sudan has been battered by a four-year civil war triggered by a disagreement between Kiir and his then-deputy, Riek Machar.  The fighting has left tens of thousands dead, displaced about a quarter of the population and left the oil-dependent economy moribund.  Rights activists have accused mostly government troops of killings, mass rapes, and looting and destroying property.  Several serving or former South Sudanese officials are already under U.S. sanctions for alleged roles in the conflict, including Malek Reuben Riak Rengu, the army s deputy chief of the defense staff for logistics; former army chief Paul Malong; and Information Minister Michael Makuei Lueth.  The U.S. Embassy in South Sudan said on Friday that Mel was being punished for his  role, and that of his business network, in facilitating corruption . It said Mel was exploiting his connections with Kiir  to regularly engage in large scale government contracts worth millions of dollars for construction work that was not completed . ",1
11551,Pakistan closes 27 NGOs in what activists see as widening crackdown,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan has ordered 27 international aid groups to shut down for working in unauthorized areas, spurring human rights campaigners to denounce swelling constraints on free speech and humanitarian work.  The Ministry of Interior gave the 27 NGOs 90 days to conclude operations, according to a list seen by Reuters. Among those being expelled are Action Aid, World Vision, Plan International, Trocaire, Pathfinder International, Danish Refugee Council, George Soros  Open Society Foundations, Oxfam Novib, and Marie Stopes.   Talal Chaudhry, Pakistan s Minister of State for Interior Affairs, told Reuters the reason for shutting down the NGOs was because they were doing work in Pakistan  which is beyond their mandate and for which they have no legal justification .  He declined to give specific examples, but said the targeted NGOs spend  all their money  on administration, are not doing the work they said they were doing, and are working in areas where they were not authorized. The Pakistan Humanitarian Forum (PHF), which represents 63 international aid groups, said the ministry had issued 11 of its members  letters of rejection . All of them said they will appeal. No reason for the rejections have been provided, the forum said. Plan International, which has worked in Pakistan since 1997, said it is supporting over 1.6 million children across Pakistan. Plan said it was given no reason for the ministry s decision and would appeal it.  The organization is hopeful that the appeals process will make it possible for its work with vulnerable and marginalized children, especially girls, to continue in Pakistan,  it said in a statement.  All the other NGOs on the list who responded to queries from Reuters also said they had been given no reason for being forced to shut down.  They must be having reasons for every (NGO) and those reasons should have been shared with the organizations,  said a representative from one NGO who declined to be identified. Chaudhry said the number of NGOs in the country ballooned after the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks in the United States. Many organizations arrived to provide humanitarian assistance after Islamabad allied itself with the United States in what was then known as the global war on terror.  But there were also a number of NGOs that are used, knowingly or unknowingly for activities that conflict with Pakistan s national interests,  Chaudhry said, adding that registration procedures are commonplace in other countries. Pakistan has hardened its stance towards domestic and international NGOs in recent years, requiring them to undertake a painstaking registration process and clear multiple bureaucratic hurdles to continue working in the country. The Save the Children aid group fell afoul of the government in 2011, when it was linked to a Pakistani doctor recruited by the CIA to help in the hunt that led to the killing of al Qaeda militant leader Osama bin Laden in the town of Abbottabad. In January, the interior ministry ordered a dozen domestic groups working on women s issues and human rights to halt operations, a move later overturned in courts. Pakistan is hardly alone in cracking down on foreign charities.  Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi s government has since 2014 tightened surveillance of non-profit groups, saying they were acting against India s national interests. Thousands of foreign-funded charities  licenses have been canceled for misreporting donations. In China, a law that went into effect on Jan. 1 this year grants broad powers to police to question NGO workers, monitor their finances, regulate their work and shut down offices. The clampdown on NGOs has come after a number of activists disappeared this year, some of whom have not been heard from. Reuters estimates at least 14 people have been picked up and interrogated from major urban centers including journalists, political workers, and social media activists. Three members of the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan (HRCP) have also disappeared in the past year, chairperson Mehdi Hasan told Reuters.  Human rights campaigners say the crackdown on NGOs and  disappearances of civil society activists are part of a wider campaign to quell free speech.   They both signify the shrinking space for free expression and activism in Pakistan and the diminishing tolerance the Pakistan state has,  Saroop Ijaz, a representative for the Pakistan chapter of Human Rights Watch, told Reuters.  Yusuf, who formerly served as HRCP chairperson, said Pakistan feels it has impunity in dealing with rights groups and activists.    Its the repositioning of Pakistan as a security state and perceiving all forms of dissent as a security challenge,  Yusuf said.   It s creating a lot of fear in society.  ",1
11552,Hong Kong's underused military land a potential goldmine: but a minefield for government,"HONG KONG (Reuters) - As Hong Kong seeks more land to help ease a worsening housing crisis, some lawmakers and activists are urging officials to take a fresh look at little-used swathes of more than $100 billion worth of real estate controlled by the Chinese military. The Hong Kong garrison of the People s Liberation Army (PLA) still occupies some 19 sites across the global financial hub it inherited from the British military when the former colony was handed back to China in 1997. While several sites, such as the high-rise barracks near the Central financial district, are neon-lit and busy, others appear overgrown, rundown and little used, according to Reuters investigations, activists and diplomats monitoring military activity. The parcels range from mansions in the exclusive Peak district and once-luxurious officers  apartments in Hong Kong and Kowloon, to firing ranges and decades-old Nissen huts across the semi-rural New Territories, near the border with mainland China. With Hong Kong property prices at record highs, Denis Ma, head of research at property consultancy JLL, said a mid-range estimate of the total land value could reach HK$1.06 trillion  ($135 billion). Based on the recent sale of a nearby plot, the Central site alone could be worth $29 billion and deliver 4.5 million square feet of floor space if developed into a commercial site. Suitable residential land among the 19 sites could yield 65,000 family-sized apartments, Ma added. Across Hong Kong, the PLA occupies some 2,700 hectares (6,670 acres), according to local government records, nearly half the size of Manhattan. A lack of housing is a source of rising social and political tension in Hong Kong, one of the world s most expensive property markets where owning even a 600-square foot flat is beyond the reach of many families.  A recently formed government task force on land supply acknowledged public calls for some military land to be returned for housing, but its chairman has said their development potential  may not be large .  The task force s initial meetings have instead advocated developing 1,400 hectares of new land through reclamation.  The preference for costly reclamation over re-purposing PLA land has led some to believe the Hong Kong government does not want to confront the Beijing leadership over a potentially sensitive issue of national security. Under the laws that enshrine Hong Kong s freedoms and autonomy, Beijing is given direct control of defense and foreign affairs. Reuters sent questions to Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam, the government s development bureau and the task force. In reply, a spokesman told Reuters the task force would consider ideas from the community,  their facts as well as their pros and cons . It would finalize its recommendations by the end of 2018.  As far as we understand, all existing military sites in Hong Kong are currently used for defense purposes and none is left idle,  the spokesman said, quoting Hong Kong s security bureau. Lawmaker Eddie Chu, part of Hong Kong s democratic opposition, said even though it was common sense to open up some military sites for housing, the local government would likely avoid asking tough questions of Beijing.  The Hong Kong government must know this is a solution, but I expect them to pay lip service to it,  he said. The PLA garrison and China s Defence Ministry did not respond to faxed questions from Reuters.  Security experts say while some PLA presence is a fact of life, the city s defense needs are easily met by Beijing s rapidly modernizing forces - a vastly different situation to that faced by the British in defending their outpost during the Cold War.  Hong Kong has never been so well defended ... it is a tiny segment of the mainland and is surrounded by the now significant forces of the Southern Theatre Command of the PLA,  said Trevor Hollingsbee, a former Hong Kong security official and naval intelligence analyst with Britain s Defence Ministry.  Rather than serve a vital strategic interest, the PLA presence in Hong Kong is essentially to show the public who is boss.   After inspecting the garrison as part of 20th handover anniversary celebrations in June, Chinese President Xi Jinping told the troops they were  an important embodiment to national sovereignty , according to state media. As well as its Central barracks, security experts and diplomats believe a naval base and small airfield are considered key local sites to the PLA, along with a Kowloon barracks that houses light tanks and anti-riot units.  Another 10-hectare Kowloon site and residential blocks near Shek Kong appear barely used, according to activists and Reuters  own checks. Soldiers armed with rifles and bayonets guard the entrance to the Kowloon site, but some buildings appear dilapidated, others rundown and many are unoccupied. At Shek Kong, the residential blocks appear little used, day or night, and security is lax. In camps closer to the border, small deployments of troops drill at dawn outside aging British-era huts and weed-choked fences. The 122 hectares of the Stanley fort on Hong Kong s prime southern coast is also underutilized, according to diplomats. About half of the 8,000-10,000 soldiers of the Hong Kong garrison are based in the city at any time, security experts and diplomats believe. Key units are kept in southern China, along with its most advanced weaponry, including jet fighters and air defense weapons.  Chinese laws covering the garrison state that any unused land, after central government approval, should be handed back  without compensation  to the local authorities, so any deal would likely have no benefits for the PLA s coffers.  Community organizer Sze Lai-shan, who assists some of the city s 200,000 people living in wire cages and partitioned homes, said all options for the land should be on the table. I think using some for temporary housing shouldn t be a big issue,  Sze said.  We could perhaps use some existing buildings for temporary housing, or even build temporary housing on some sites.   ",1
11553,"Addressing Venezuela, China says choice of path must be respected","BEIJING (Reuters) - A country s right to choose its own development path must be respected, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi told his Venezuelan counterpart on Friday, offering support for the strife-torn Latin American nation. The OPEC member is locked in a deep political and economic crisis, with more than 125 people killed during months of opposition protests earlier this year, drawing condemnation from the United States and Europe. Meeting in Beijing, Wang told Jorge Arreaza that stability in Venezuela was not only in his own people s interests, it was also the common wish of the international community, including China, China s Foreign Ministry said in a statement.  China wishes that Venezuela maintains its trend of returning to stability, and encourages the resolution of the problems that exist via dialogue and consultation within a legal framework,  the ministry cited Wang as saying.  Every country s right to go down a development path that accords with its national conditions should be respected,  he added. China and oil-rich Venezuela have a close diplomatic and business relationship, especially in energy. China has repeatedly brushed off widespread condemnation from the United States, Europe and others about the situation in the country. Last month, China, along with Russia, Egypt and Bolivia, boycotted an informal public U.N. Security Council meeting on Venezuela organized by the United States. On Wednesday, Venezuela s pro-government legislative superbody ruled that parties which boycotted this month s local elections had lost legitimacy, potentially eliminating the main opposition groups from the 2018 presidential race. ",1
11554,PM Orban: Hungary will block any punitive EU action on Poland,"BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban on Friday said that Hungary sees a strong Poland as a vital component of a central European caucus within the European Union, and so will block any action to suspend Poland s voting rights in the EU. Orban said Poland, under fire from Brussels for its transformation of the judiciary, was being criticized unfairly and unjustly. He spelled out that Hungary would not subscribe to an attempt to invoke the EU s Article 7 sanction process.  We need to make it clear to the EU that it is pointless even to start proceedings against Poland as there is no chance of seeing it through - because Hungary will be there and form an insurmountable road block,  Orban said. ",1
11555,Hong Kong leader says she won't blindly obey Beijing's orders,"HONG KONG (Reuters) - Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam said she would not blindly obey the orders of Communist Party leaders in Beijing, while admitting the government has no way to suppress skyrocketing prices in one of the most expensive property markets in the world. Lam was sworn in by Chinese President Xi Jinping in July as the former British colony celebrated 20 years of Chinese rule under the principle of  one country, two systems , which promises the city a high degree of autonomy and freedoms not enjoyed in the mainland.  While a recent poll shows the new chief executive is more popular than her predecessor, some accuse her of being a puppet of Beijing amid perceptions of Chinese meddling in Hong Kong s affairs. Specifically, they criticize her for pushing an arrangement that will allow Chinese officials to enforce Chinese laws in a high speed railway station due to open next year. Lam, in an interview with the government-funded RTHK, said she was accountable to both the Hong Kong public and Beijing, but she would not blindly obey the central authorities.  Being accountable doesn t mean you have to do everything you re told,  Lam said.  So you can t say you ll do whatever the Central Government (says).  If the Central Government asks me to do something that I think is beyond what Hong Kong people can bear or against Hong Kong s developmental interests, then of course I have the duty to tell the Central Government and fight for a more favorable arrangement for Hong Kong.  Lam also said she did not plan to kickstart legislation for a controversial national security law in 2018, and urged people not to  demonize  it.   Asked about Hong Kong s red-hot property market, where prices have shot up more than 12 percent over the past year and are expected to climb another 10 percent in 2018, Lam said the government was helpless in reversing the trend.  The government really has no ways to curb property prices... The government has introduced a few rounds of cooling measures, but they did not suppress prices, and quite the contrary now some people say these measures have pushed up prices.  The government s mixed bag of tax and regulatory policies, on top of eight rounds of mortgage tightening measures by the city s defacto central bank since 2009, has effectively locked up supply in the secondary housing market. Lam also said that while she has never promised to suppress property prices, she would seek more land to boost long-term housing supply.  I ve never said I want to turn around the increase in property prices, because there are many factors contributing to that. But I want to turn around how supply falls short of demand, or, simply put, insufficient supply,  Lam said. ",1
11556,Peru president vowed to free Fujimori to win support: lawmaker,"LIMA (Reuters) - A congresswoman in Peru said embattled President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski survived a vote in Congress to oust him by promising some opposition lawmakers that he would pardon the country s jailed former authoritarian leader, Alberto Fujimori. Cecilia Chacon, a lawmaker with the opposition party Popular Force, said the 10 abstentions by a faction in her party had helped defeat its bid to oust Kuczynski in the wake of a graft scandal, and that some of them had mentioned the promise.  That s what they told us,  Chacon said in broadcast comments. Earlier on Thursday, Kuczynski s government denied it was negotiating a possible pardon for Fujimori in exchange for votes to save him. Kuczynski pulled off a surprise victory after the motion in Congress to oust him fell eight votes short of the 87 needed to pass. Fujimori is serving a 25-year prison sentence for graft and human rights crimes during his 1990-2000 government. ",1
11557,North Korea says new Trump security strategy seeks 'total subordination of whole world',"SEOUL (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump s new national security strategy unveiled this week is a  criminal document  that seeks the  total subordination of the whole world to the interests of the U.S.,  North Korea s foreign ministry said on Friday.  This has fully revealed that  America first policy  which the gang of Trump is crying out loudly about is nothing but the proclamation of aggression aimed at holding sway over the world according to its taste and at its own free will,  a foreign ministry spokesman said, according to a statement released by state media outlet KCNA. In the document, announced on Monday, Trump said Washington had to deal with the challenge posed by North Korea s weapons programs. The U.N. Security Council is due to vote on Friday on a U.S.-drafted resolution that seeks, yet again, to toughen sanctions on North Korea in response to its latest intercontinental ballistic missile launch, diplomats said.    ",1
11558,Philippines' Maoists declare traditional Christmas truce,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine Maoist rebels declared a traditional Christmas truce on Friday after the government announced the same, calling off hostilities for six days. In a statement posted on its website, Jorge Madlos, alias Ka Oris, spokesman for the communist New People Army (NPA), said the truce would last from Saturday to Tuesday, when the group celebrates its 49th anniversary.  All units of the NPA and the people s militias shall remain on active defensive mode in order to defend the people and revolutionary forces,  Madlos said, adding the guerrillas will  maintain a high degree of alertness and preparation against any hostile actions or movements by enemy armed forces . On Thursday, the defense department announced a truce over the same period to allow Filipinos to celebrate a  stress-free  Christmas season. Both the government and the NPA have declared Christmas truces since the late 1980s when the two sides first agreed to peace talks, brokered by Norway. The tradition has continued even after negotiations stalled and now have been scrapped by President Rodrigo Duterte. The NPA rebels, estimated to number around 3,000, have been fighting for nearly 50 years in a conflict that has killed more than 40,000 people and stifled growth in resource-rich areas of the country. The country also faces various Islamist insurgencies in the south. ",1
11559,Australian police seize record A$1 billion methamphetamine haul,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australian police said on Friday they had seized a record 1.2 tonnes of methamphetamine with a street value of more than A$1 billion ($771 million) after a raid in a remote area of the west Australian coast. Eight Australian men were charged with offences carrying a maximum sentence of life imprisonment, police in Western Australia state said in a statement.  We are striking at the top end of drug trafficking before it gets further down the distribution chain,  Western Australia Police Commissioner Chris Dawson said. The drugs were collected from a ship called the Valkoista, police said, and were then offloaded into a white hire van at a dock in Geraldton, about 375 km (230 miles) north of the Western Australia capital, Perth. Tactical police intercepted the van as it reversed away from the dock. Police arrested the van s three occupants, all from the eastern Australian state of New South Wales. Three others were arrested on the Valkoista and the remaining two were charged in Perth. Police said they suspected the drugs were destined for Australia s more populous east coast. ",1
11560,China considers punishing those who slander heroes and martyrs,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China is considering a law punishing those who slander heroes and martyrs or cause physical damage to their memorials, state news agency Xinhua said on Friday, the latest piece of legislation to protect the country s symbols of state. Xi Jinping has ushered in new legislation aimed at securing China from threats both within and outside its borders since taking over as president in 2013, as well as presiding over a sweeping crackdown on dissent and free speech. China s largely rubber stamp parliament amended its criminal law last month to extend punishments for publicly desecrating the national flag and emblem to include disrespecting the national anthem. Punishments include jail terms of up to three years. The latest proposed legislation is aimed at protecting the reputation of martyrs - those who have given their lives for China or the Communist Party - and who are already publicly lauded in the country. Memorials to those who fought against the Japanese during World War Two, or in the Chinese civil war against the Nationalists, and others are scattered across the country. School children learn about the feats of the most famous. Xinhua said the new law would offer unspecified punishments to those who insult or slander heroes and martyrs or damage their memorials. The law would also give a responsibility to the media and internet users to report any insults to the honor of martyrs, it said. It is unclear when the proposal could be put into law, but Chinese laws normally go through at least two rounds of drafting before they are passed, meaning it could be some months away. Party history is a sensitive subject in China because so much of the party s legitimacy rests on its position as claiming great historical achievements, such as leading China to victory over Japan during World War Two. Disputes about party history already occasionally make it to Chinese courts. A court ordered a former magazine editor to publicly apologize last year for two articles written in 2013 questioning the details of a well-known story about Communist soldiers fighting the Japanese in World War Two. In the story, the five soldiers jumped off a cliff so the Japanese could not take them alive, although two of them survived. The editor had expressed doubt about how many Japanese the Chinese soldiers killed, how the two survived and the location of the cliff. ",1
11561,Indonesia holds cabinet meeting in Bali as volcano threatens tourism,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesian President Joko Widodo will on Friday hold his cabinet meeting on the holiday island of Bali in a bid to reassure visitors that there is nothing to worry about from the rumbling Mount Agung volcano. Authorities last month raised the alert status of Mount Agung in northeastern Bali to the highest level, imposing an exclusion zone of up to 10 km (6 miles) around its crater as it spewed clouds of ash, steam, and other volcanic material.     Widodo will take the unusual step of gathering his cabinet in Bali as part of government efforts to assure visitors that the island is safe to come to and to stave off a major drop off in visitor numbers during the upcoming holiday season.  For those who have plans to vacation in Bali, there s no need to doubt or be worried about the status of Mount Agung, Bali is very safe to visit,  Energy Minister Ignasius Jonan said in a Twitter message after visiting an observatory overlooking the volcano, before the cabinet meeting. President Widodo is expected to make a statement after the cabinet meeting. The cabinet usually meets at the state palace in the capital Jakarta or on its outskirts in Bogor. The relatively small island of Bali, famous for its beaches and temples, has an outsized importance for Indonesian tourism. In January-September, Bali received 4.5 million foreign tourist arrivals, nearly half of the 10.5 million arrivals in Indonesia. Tourism Minister Arief Yahya said this week that Indonesia was expecting an estimated 15 trillion rupiah ($1.11 billion) in lost income and around 1 million fewer tourists because of the volcano, according to daily newspaper Kompas. Many business operators and hotels have seen cancellations since authorities first raised the alert in September, and most expect the holiday season to be slower than in previous years. Thousands of tourists were left stranded late last month when a volcanic ash cloud forced the closure of Bali s airport for several days. Countries like Australia and Singapore have advised their citizens to be cautious when traveling to Bali. ",1
11562,China adds new protections for graft suspects amid detention system overhaul,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s graft-busters will be required to do more to  protect detained suspects, such as informing families and employers within a day of their detention, state media said on Friday, as part of efforts to revise a secret interrogation system. President Xi Jinping has vowed that his war against graft in the ruling Communist Party will not ease until officials at all levels dare not, cannot and do not want to be corrupt. Xi told top party leaders in October revision of the anti-graft architecture would include the scrapping of a controversial  shuanggui  system of secret interrogations, and the introduction of a new detention system. Protection for detained suspects have been added to a draft national supervision law under review by the National People s Congress, China s legislature, according to the official Xinhua news agency.     The latest version of the legislation says both families and employers of suspects must by notified within 24 hours of their detention, unless that might result in witness interference or evidence tampering, Xinhua reported. Previously, either families or employers needed to be contacted and inspectors could keep a detention a secret if they feared any kind of interference, such as with witnesses or evidence. Xinhua said physical checks of female suspects would be carried out by female workers under the new rules. Rights groups have welcomed the proposed changes saying the old system allowed abuses and torture, but urged that the new system not simply repackage old ways. The legislation is expected to be passed in March. It will also legally empower a State Supervision Commission to oversee various anti-graft agencies and all civil servants. Under the proposed new rules, assets frozen or seized from suspects and later found to be unrelated to the investigation should be unfrozen or returned within three days, Xinhua said. Cases should be thrown out if no evidence of a crime is found, Xinhua said.   ",1
11563,"After Reuters arrests, some Myanmar reporters fear 'it could've been me'","YANGON (Reuters) - Some human rights advocates say press freedom is under attack in Myanmar, even though decades of rule by a junta that tightly controlled the media has given way to a government led by Nobel peace laureate Aung San Suu Kyi. Myanmar has detained at least 29 journalists in the 20 months since Suu Kyi came to power. While most have since been released on bail, the frequency of arrests - along with the detention last week of two Reuters reporters - has rekindled worries among some journalists trying to cover violence in Rakhine State.  There are too many risks being added to journalists,  said Sonny Swe, chief executive officer and co-founder of Yangon-based magazine Frontier.  I feel that we are not moving forward, but going back in time for freedom of press and speech.  As of December, there were five reporters, including the Reuters pair, behind bars. Reporters Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo - who had worked on Reuters coverage of the crisis in Rakhine - were arrested on Dec. 12 in Yangon. The Ministry of Information said they had  illegally acquired information with the intention to share it with foreign media . They face up to 14 years in prison under the Official Secrets Act. Myanmar authorities have said the case has nothing to do with press freedom.  There are different views, based on where you stand ... There s press freedom in Myanmar as long as you follow the rules and regulations,  Kyaw Soe, director general of the Ministry of Information, told Reuters by phone on Thursday. He declined to comment further. A vibrant domestic media has sprung up since the transition from military rule began in 2011 and pre-publication censorship was lifted in 2012. Nevertheless, this year Myanmar was ranked 131 out of 180 nations for press freedom by Reporters Without Borders - in the bottom third, but ahead of seven countries in the region: Cambodia, Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore, Brunei, Laos and Vietnam.  The authorities continue to exert pressure on the media and even intervene directly to get editorial policies changed,  Reporters Without Borders said in a report this year. Kyaw Zwa Moe, editor of Irrawaddy s English edition, said in a commentary last week that Myanmar does have press freedom,  but with an invisible line .  No one can know where that line is because it s unseen. When you touch or cross it, you re finished,  he wrote. Although she is Myanmar s de facto leader, Suu Kyi is forced to share power with the military, which runs security-related ministries and the police.  Suppression of the media has hardened, rights groups say, since October 2016, when Rohingya Muslim militants attacked security posts in Rakhine state, triggering a military crackdown that right groups say included killings, rape and arson. After further strikes by insurgents on Aug. 25, the military campaign intensified, touching off a mass exodus of Rohingya to Bangladesh, where more than 800,000 now live in refugee camps.  Some local journalists say they cannot report independently from Rakhine State due to harassment and threats from both the authorities and local people, while foreign reporters are denied access to the conflict zone. When Moe Myint, a 29-year-old journalist for the online news site Irrawaddy heard about their arrest, his first thought was:  It could ve been me .  What if the police found out that I carry any controversial document?  he said.  It s a deliberate arrest in order to muzzle media coverage on conflicts in northern Rakhine.  Phil Robertson, deputy Asia director for New York-based Human Rights Watch, said Suu Kyi has  shown scant understanding of the role an independent press plays in a democracy .  The ethnic cleansing in Rakhine state has made the government even more intolerant,  he said. Suu Kyi s spokesman, Zaw Htay, declined to comment on Myanmar s press freedom, but he told Reuters on Sunday:  Your reporters are protected by the rule of the law.  Myanmar has denied most allegations against its security forces in Rakhine, rejecting charges by the United Nations, the United States and others that a campaign of  ethnic cleansing  was waged against the Rohingya. The authorities have accused international media of putting out  fake news  about rights abuses in Rakhine and of  working hand-in-glove  with insurgents. In October last year, spokesman Zaw Htay singled out English-language newspaper Myanmar Times special investigations editor Fiona MacGregor for criticism on his Facebook page.  Days later MacGregor, who had written a report about alleged gang rape by soldiers, was sacked by the paper. When contacted this week, MacGregor declined to add to the comment she made in an interview with Reuters last year, when she said it was  unacceptable that representatives of the democratically elected government would use social media and bullying tactics to suppress stories . Zaw Htay said at the time that he was sorry she had been fired. He said he had  just highlighted she didn t reach other reliable sources and it led to a one-sided news article based on unreliable sources . Rights monitors say the erosion of press freedoms has not been limited to coverage of the Rakhine crisis.  Since April 2016, 21 journalists have been charged or arrested under a telecommunications law that broadly prohibits the use of telecommunications networks to  extort, defame, disturb or intimidate . Critics say it is used to curb criticism of the authorities and reporting of corruption. Suu Kyi s spokesman did not respond to further Reuters requests for comment. ",1
11564,No man an island - China warns against straying from party path,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Members of China s ruling Communist Party have a duty to follow orders from the central leadership lest the country stray into anarchy, the country s top newspaper wrote on Friday, warning against those who put themselves above the party. President Xi Jinping has amassed power since taking office five years ago, tightening party control over all aspects of life and locking up rights activists and dissidents on subversion charges.  Xi has also gone after competing power bases by jailing opponents for corruption, including the powerful former domestic security chief Zhou Yongkang and the popular one-time party boss of Chongqing, Bo Xilai. The party under Xi s leadership has repeatedly warned that it will not tolerate dissenting voices, and the official People s Daily struck a firm note in pressing home that message against a phenomenon it termed  de-centralism .  De-centralism is a way of thinking and behaving where each goes their own way, with only freedom and no discipline, only thinking of acting alone and ignoring everyone else,  the paper wrote in a commentary.  It is an extreme expression of individualism, and in its essence it s anarchy,  it added. The government has previously accused some of its disgraced former top officials, including Zhou and Bo, of seeking to establish  independent kingdoms . Both men are currently serving life terms for corruption. Bo was well-known for his populist policies, including a high-profile crackdown on organized crime, investments in flashy infrastructure projects and quasi-Maoist practices like organizing mass sing-alongs praising the party. Chongqing, one of China s most important cities and located in the country s southwest, has remained a hotbed of intrigue. Another former party boss, Sun Zhengcai, is currently awaiting trial in his own corruption scandal. He too is accused of paying lip service to orders from Beijing. The People s Daily said that some party officials were too  free and undisciplined  in their thinking.  Add to that is the encroachment of individualism, hedonism and the worship of money. A small number of these people slip into the morass of de-centralism and cannot extract themselves,  it said. Party members must do as they are told, as that is the only way to guarantee the authority of the central leadership, the paper added. ",1
11565,Kansai Electric to scrap two reactors in latest blow for Japan's nuclear sector,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Kansai Electric Power Co said on Friday it will decommission two 38-year-old reactors at its Ohi nuclear plant as Japan s electricity industry struggles to cope with new safety standards imposed after the 2011 Fukushima disaster. The widely expected announcement brings to 14 the number of reactors being scrapped since the meltdowns at the Fukushima Daiichi plant. More than six years on, Japan is still turning away from nuclear power in the face of technical problems, public opposition, court challenges and unfavorable economics. Most of Japan s reactors remain shut, with only four operating, while they undergo relicensing processes in a bit to meet new standards set after the Fukushima crisis highlighted shortcomings in regulation. Kansai Electric will now scrap the No. 1 and No. 2 reactors at the Ohi plant, some 86 kilometers (53 miles) from Osaka, western Japan, where the utility is based. Shut since 2011, the reactors have capacity of 1,175 megawatts each, began operations in 1979 and were near the end of their standard operating life of 40 years. A Kansai Electric spokeswoman said that costs in meeting the new safety standards were not a factor behind the decision, but technical difficulties were.  The containment vessels of these reactors are smaller than other reactors in Japan, and a need to beef up the walls to meet the standards would make the work zones even more cramped, making it difficult for prompt repairs in case of troubles,  the spokeswoman said. The move means Japan is likely to soon be eclipsed by China as the third biggest nuclear power sector in the world - by reactor numbers - after the United States and France. Japan now has 42 reactors, including the two to be decommissioned at Ohi, compared with 38 in China, which has nearly 20 more under construction, while the U.S. and France have 99 and 58 respectively, according to the International Energy Agency. Kansai Electric was the most reliant on nuclear energy among Japan s atomic operators, using reactors for nearly half of its electricity generation before the disaster at the Fukushima nuclear plant in 2011, when reactors melted down following a giant earthquake and tsunami. Two other reactors at the Ohi site remain closed. While Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s government is keen to restore a power source that provided about a third of electricity supply before the Fukushima crisis, Japan s public remains deeply skeptical over industry assurances on safety. Anti-nuclear campaigners and residents are increasingly using courts to block restarts and push for plants to close. A Japanese court last week ordered Shikoku Electric Power Co not to restart one of its reactors, overturning a lower court decision in the first instance of a higher court blocking the operation of nuclear plant. Residents have lodged injunctions against most nuclear plants across Japan. ",1
11566,Japan approves record defense spending that favors U.S.-made equipment,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan s government approved a record military budget on Friday but did not earmark enough extra money to stop a splurge on U.S.-made ballistic missile defense kit from putting a squeeze on funding for an ambitious domestic jet fighter project. Japan s defense outlays for the year starting April 1 will rise for a sixth straight year, increasing by 1.3 percent to 5.19 trillion yen ($45.76 billion), according to a budget breakdown published by the government. The biggest ticket item is 137 billion yen to reinforce defenses against a possible North Korean ballistic missile attack.  That includes purchases of a new longer range interceptor, the SM-3 Block IIA, designed to strike ballistic missiles in space, upgrades for the Patriot missile batteries that are the last line of defense against incoming warheads and preparations for the construction of two ground-based Aegis radar stations. Japan will also spend 2.2 billion yen to begin acquiring medium-range air-launched cruise missiles able to strike sites in North Korea in a bid to deter any potential attack by Pyongyang, which continues to test ballistic missiles.  It is essential that we have the latest, most capable equipment to bolster our defenses,  Japanese Minister of Defence Intsunori Onodera said after he and other Cabinet members approved the new spending plan.  The latest rocket launched by the North on Nov. 29 reached an altitude of more than 4,000 km (2,485 miles) before plunging into the Sea of Japan.   A spending spree on mostly U.S.-made equipment means Japan s defense planners are being forced to curtail domestic programs that would help local defense contractors such as Mitsubishi Heavy Industries and Kawasaki Heavy Industries maintain their military industrial base. That may force Japan to curtail its long-held ambition to build an advanced stealth fighter, dubbed the F-3. In November, U.S. President Donald Trump called on Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to buy more U.S.-made weapons as his administration pushes Washington s allies to contribute more to their joint defense. Japan plans to allocate 279 billion yen of its next budget to buy defense equipment through the U.S. government s Foreign Military Sales system, 15 percent more than the current budget and more than double the amount spent in year that ended March 31, 2015.  People who spoke to Reuters in November said Japan will delay a decision to develop the F-3, which is meant to counter military technology advances by China, putting on hold a project estimated to be worth more than $40 billion. The latest defense spending plans provide the first concrete public indication that pause is underway. A budget request submitted in August earmarked 7.4 billion yen for a new large jet engine test facility that Japan s defense ministry will need to test a prototype F-3 engine. That item was not included in the budget approved on Friday. A proposed 2.4 billion for other F-3 research was also trimmed to 1.6 billion yen.  Money is being spent in other areas and this is a sign that the government sees the F-3 as a low priority,  a Japanese defense ministry official said. He asked not to be identified because he is not authorized to talk to the media. ",1
11567,Worries about Malaysia's 'Arabisation' grow as Saudi ties strengthen,"Kuala Lumpur (Reuters) - Malaysia s growing ties to Saudi Arabia - and its puritan Salafi-Wahhabi Islamic doctrines -  are coming under new scrutiny as concerns grow over an erosion of traditional religious practices and culture in the multi-ethnic nation. A string of recent events has fueled the concern. Hostility toward atheists, non-believers and the gay community has risen. Two annual beer festivals were canceled after Islamic leaders objected. A hardline preacher, accused of spreading hatred in India, has received official patronage. The government has backed a parliamentary bill that would allow the shariah court wider criminal jurisdiction over Muslims in the state of Kelantan. And after religious officials supported a Muslim-only laundromat, Malaysia s mostly ceremonial royalty made a rare public intervention, calling for religious harmony. Marina Mahathir, the daughter of Malaysia s longest serving prime minister, Mahathir Mohamad, publicly lashed out at the government for allowing the  Arabisation  of Malaysia. Marina, who heads the civil rights group Sisters in Islam, told Reuters Saudi influence on Islam in Malaysia  has come at the expense of traditional Malay culture . Her father, 93, now heads the opposition alliance. Saudi Arabia s fundamentalist Wahhabi beliefs have strongly influenced Malaysia   and neighboring Indonesia - for decades, but have strengthened considerably since Najib became prime minister in 2009 and began cozying up to the kingdom. The relationship came under a harsh spotlight when nearly $700 million wound up in Najib s bank account in 2013. Najib said it was a donation from the Saudi Royal family, rebutting allegations it was money siphoned from the 1MDB state investment fund he had founded and overseen. Malaysia s attorney-general cleared him of any wrongdoing. The trend toward a politicized brand of Islam in Malaysia, a middle-income emerging market, has alarmed Malaysia s non-Muslims, including ethnic Chinese who comprise a quarter of the population and dominate private sector commerce. It is also a concern for foreign investors, who account for nearly half the local bond market and have invested $8.95 billion in project investments in the first nine months of this year. The government denies actively promoting Wahhabi-style Islamic conservatism. Najib has been largely silent about the recent religious controversies. Critics have accused the prime minister, whose governing coalition lost the popular vote in the last general election but retained a simple majority in parliament, of playing on fears that Islam and Malay political power will be eroded should the opposition win. An election is due by mid-2018. Militancy has also been on the rise in Malaysia, which from 2013 to 2016 had arrested more than 250 people with alleged ties to Islamic State, many of whom were indoctrinated with hardline interpretations of Islam. After the visit of the Saudi monarch this year, Malaysia announced plans to build the King Salman Centre for International Peace to bring together Islamic scholars and intelligence agencies in an effort to counter extremist interpretations of Islam. The center, which is being built on a 16-hectare (40-acre) plot in the administrative capital of Putrajaya, will draw on the resources of the Saudi-financed Islamic Science University of Malaysia, and the Muslim World League, a Wahhabi Saudi religious body. Saudi Arabia has long been funding mosques and schools in Malaysia, while providing scholarships for Malaysians to study in the kingdom. Many of them find employment in Malaysia s multitude of Islamic agencies, said Farouk Musa, chairman and director of the moderate think-tank, Islamic Renaissance Front. One of the most worrisome doctrines they preach in multi-cultural Malaysia is  al-w ala  wa-al-bara  or  allegiance and disavowal , Farouk said.  This doctrine basically means do not befriend the non-believers (al-kuffar), even if they are among the closest relatives.  We have never heard of Islamic scholars forbidding Muslims to wish Merry Christmas before, for example. Now, this is a common phenomenon,  he said. The adoption of Arab culture and interpretations of Islam is a result of greater exposure to Middle Eastern people and universities, said Abdul Aziz Kaprawi, a member of the Supreme Council of Najib s political party, the United Malay National Organisation.  The extensive usage of social media also accelerated the external influence on the locals,  he told Reuters.  The government is not promoting Wahhabism but rather the doctrine of  wasatiyyah , or moderation and balance, to accommodate Malaysia s multi-cultural society, said Abdul Aziz, who is also a federal deputy minister. Karima Bennoune, the United Nations Special Rapporteur for cultural rights, expressed concern in a report after her September visit to Malaysia about the deepening involvement of religious authorities in policy decisions. She said this was  influenced by  a hegemonic version of Islam imported from the Arabian Peninsula  that was  at odds with local forms of practice.  She also expressed concern about  the banning of books, including some about moderate and progressive Islam, in the country when the government extols these very concepts abroad . Marina Mahathir said religious departments, staffed with Saudi graduates,  are now consulted on absolutely everything, from movies to health and medicine to insurance, all sorts of things that they do not necessarily have any expertise in . The kingdom also exerts leverage over Muslim-majority countries such as Indonesia and Malaysia through the quotas it gives to countries for the number of pilgrims they can send on the Hajj, one of the five pillars of Islam that all capable Muslims must perform at least once in their lives. This could all start to change if Saudi Arabia s powerful Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman succeeds in returning the Saudi kingdom to  a moderate Islam,  which he says was practiced before 1979. He has already scaled back the role of religious police, permitted public concerts and announced women will be allowed to drive. The kingdom has also set up an authority to scrutinize uses of the  hadith    accounts of the sayings, actions or habits of the Prophet   to prevent them being used to justify violence or terrorism. (This story has been corrected to clarify bill on Islamic law and remove reference to stoning and amputations in paragraph 3) ",1
11568,Passengers on Saudi Arabia airlines allowed to bring electronics on flights to UK,"RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia announced on Friday that passengers traveling on its airlines to the United Kingdom would once again be allowed to carry on electronic devices, reversing a ban put in place earlier this year for security reasons. Passengers will be able to use laptops and tablets in aircraft cabins on flights from the King Khalid International Airport in Riyadh and King Abdulaziz International Airport in Jeddah starting from Dec.21, the General Authority for Civil Aviation (GACA) said in a statement on its official Twitter account. The United States and Britain implemented curbs on electronic items in the cabin in March on direct flights from Turkey, Lebanon, Jordan, Egypt, Tunisia and Saudi Arabia in response to unspecified security threats. The United States lifted its ban in July on passengers on Saudi Arabian airlines carrying large electronics on board flights bound for America. ",1
11569,"Pence visits Afghanistan, says U.S. will 'see this through'","KABUL (Reuters) - Vice President Mike Pence made an unannounced trip to Afghanistan to meet its leaders and underscore U.S. commitment to the country four months after President Donald Trump agreed to an open-ended war against insurgents here. Pence arrived on a military plane at Bagram Airfield under the cover of darkness on Thursday night after leaving Washington on Wednesday night. He then flew by helicopter to Kabul, where he met President Ashraf Ghani and Chief Executive Abdullah Abdullah at the presidential palace. Pence told the leaders he hoped his presence there was tangible evidence that the United States was  here to see this through.  In a reversal of his campaign call for a swift withdrawal of U.S. forces from Afghanistan, Trump in August pledged a stepped-up military campaign against Taliban insurgents and signaled the United States would send more troops to fight in what is the longest war in its history. At the end of August, there were some 11,000 U.S. troops in Afghanistan and more have since arrived. Ghani expressed gratitude to the U.S. government and said Afghanistan s partnership with the United States was cemented in sacrifice. Pence told reporters the strategy of increased troops on the ground and greater authorities for military leaders was paying dividends.  The results are really beginning to become evident around the country,  he said, adding that Ghani and Abdullah had said  they ve begun to see a sea change in the attitudes among the Taliban.  Pence said their hope was that  eventually the enemy will tire of losing  and be willing to talk peace. Asked if more troops would be needed, Pence said that would be a decision for Trump in the days ahead. Pence said he pressed the Afghan leaders for political reforms and Ghani assured him that an election commission was developing a framework for parliamentary elections in 2018. Pence had originally planned to travel to Israel and Egypt this week, but he postponed that trip to remain in Washington while Congress passed legislation to overhaul U.S. tax law.  The short visit to Afghanistan, originally part of the Middle East trip, was shrouded in secrecy for security reasons. Reporters traveling with the vice president were asked not to reveal his whereabouts until after the delegation arrived back at the air base from Kabul and Pence had addressed U.S. troops. Pence almost did not make it to the presidential palace. The helicopters he and others were flying in came close to turning back to Bagram because of poor visibility, but the pilots were able to find a route in the end, a White House official said. Pence, who coordinated the process that resulted in Trump s new Afghanistan policy, has been one of the main interlocutors between the White House and the Afghan leadership since Trump entered office in January.  He repeated his promise of U.S. commitment to the region during remarks to troops at Bagram.  Under President Donald Trump, the armed forces of the United States will remain engaged in Afghanistan until we eliminate the terrorist threat to our homeland, our people once and for all,  Pence said. Trump s views of the 16-year-long Afghan conflict have shifted since he came to power.  As a presidential candidate he called for a swift withdrawal of U.S. forces, which were bogged down through the presidencies of Republican George W. Bush and Democrat Barack Obama after a U.S.-led coalition overthrew the Islamist Taliban government for harboring al Qaeda militants who plotted the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks on New York and Washington. But Trump, while acknowledging the decision went against his instincts, argued in August that a hasty withdrawal would create a vacuum for Islamic State and al Qaeda to fill.  He declined to set a timeline for withdrawal or outline benchmarks for the new strategy s success. Echoing Trump s comments when he unveiled the new strategy, Pence had sharp words for neighboring Pakistan, which he said had provided safe haven to the Taliban and other groups for too long.   Those days are over,  Pence said. Pakistan had much to gain from partnering with the United States, and much to lose by harboring  criminals and terrorists,  he said at Bagram. U.S. troops are involved in training Afghan security forces and carrying out counter-terrorism operations, hoping to reverse gains by the Taliban and prod it to negotiate for peace. Some 2,400 U.S. forces have died in Afghanistan since the U.S.-led invasion.   ",1
11570,Factbox - What's next for Catalonia's exiled separatist leader?,"MADRID (Reuters) - Exiled Catalan separatist leader Carles Puigdemont looks set to regain power after regional elections on Thursday, but what comes next is unlikely to be an easy ride. - CAN HE GO BACK TO CATALONIA?  Puigdemont is targeted by an arrest warrant for his role in organizing an illegal independence referendum on Oct. 1 and leading the secession bid. He is now in Brussels but he faces arrest the minute he steps foot in Spain. Seven of the 70 separatists elected on Sunday are either in jail or in exile on allegations of sedition and rebellion. Unless they are released or they return home, they cannot vote in parliament to form a workable majority. They could hope to be freed or have arrest warrants dropped if they swore no to pursue independence unilaterally. But that in turn could jeopardize support for a Puigdemont government from Catalonia s most vehement pro-independence party, the CUP. Another option would be for these leaders to forfeit their seats and hand them to the next candidates on the list. Puigdemont cannot take absolutely for granted that he will be Catalonia s next president because the other two separatist parties, the CUP and ERC, have shown some reluctance to put him back at the helm. His party got more votes than the other two.  - WHAT S ON THE AGENDA? Negotiations to form a government are likely to start following a holiday break, after Jan. 6.  Around the same date, conservative Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy will say when regional parliament will begin preliminary proceedings ahead of its first sitting. That process must start no later than Jan. 23. Parliament must then vote by Feb. 8 on putting a new government into place. By then, Puigdemont should also clarify whether he will put himself forward as Catalonia president. If no leader can command an absolute majority of the 135-seat regional assembly, a second vote will be held where a leader only needs a majority of votes cast in the chamber. If that does not work, talks can go on for another two months. If they fail, parliament is dissolved and new elections are held. ",1
11571,Former Catalan leader Puigdemont seen regaining regional leadership,"MADRID (Reuters) - Catalonia s separatist leader Carles Puigdemont was on track to regain the leadership of Spain s northeastern region after preliminary results showed a coalition of secessionist parties winning a majority in regional elections. Puigdemont went on self-imposed exile in Brussels in October after conservative Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy sacked his regional government when they organized an illegal independence referendum and later proclaimed a Catalan republic. The separatist parties were seen getting a total of 70 seats in the 135-seat assembly, official data with 76 percent of the votes counted showed. Puigdemont s Junts per Catalunya (Together for Catalonia) were seen winning 34 of those seats, ahead of two other separatist parties. Final results are expected after midnight. ",1
11572,Cuba delays historic handover from Castro to new president,"HAVANA (Reuters) - Communist-run Cuba extended the term of its current leadership to April on Thursday, signaling a two-month delay in the historic handover from Raul Castro to a new president, while announcing tighter regulations on the non-state sector. Castro, 86, was originally set to step down in February after two consecutive terms, ending nearly 60 years of Castro brothers  rule and marking a transition from the leaders of the 1959 revolution to a new, younger generation. The National Assembly, however, said that devastation wrought by Hurricane Irma in September had caused a delay to the start of the political cycle in which voters and electoral commissions pick delegates of municipal, provincial and national assemblies who then select a Council of State and president. As a result, the assembly, which is holding one of its twice-yearly meetings, extended its term through to April 19.  When the National Assembly is constituted, I will have concluded my second and last mandate, and Cuba will have a new president,  Castro said, according to state-run media.  All that is left for me is to wish you and our people a happy new year,  he said. Castro, who officially took over the presidency from his late, older brother, Fidel Castro, in 2008, is set to remain head of the Communist Party, the only legal party in Cuba and its guiding force. His heir apparent, First Vice President Miguel Diaz-Canel, 57, was born the year after the revolution but has argued for the need to defend its achievements and provide continuity. Analysts say Diaz-Canel is unlikely to reveal his true colors until he is designated president, and even then his room to maneuver could be limited by the need to establish himself as a legitimate successor to the  historic generation.  Hopes that the next president might deepen market reforms to the centrally planned economy introduced by Castro were dampened on Thursday by the announcement of new regulations on the fledgling private and cooperative sectors. State-run media cited Marino Murillo, chief of the reform commission, as saying that income distribution at cooperatives would be more closely regulated and business licenses would be limited to one per person.  The economic measures announced today suggest a continued slowing down, if not an undoing, of the economic reforms implemented between 2010 and 2016,  said Michael Bustamante, an assistant professor of Latin American history at Florida International University. Cuba s political transition comes as it faces a host of  challenges from declining aid from socialist ally Venezuela to U.S. President Donald Trump s partial reversal of the U.S.-Cuban detente and tightening of the decades-old U.S. embargo.  We have witnessed a serious and gradual deterioration in relations with the United States that cannot be blamed on our country,  Castro was cited by state-run media as saying. He said the United States was fabricating pretexts to continue its failed policy toward Cuba. The Trump administration said this year that U.S. diplomats in Havana had been victims of  health attacks . A cash crunch has left Cuba behind on payments to its foreign providers, thereby affecting imports, Economy Minister Ricardo Cabrisas told the assembly. Hurricane Irma also caused damage worth the equivalent of 13.2 billion pesos, Cabrisas said. When evaluating damages from natural disasters, Cuba traditionally assumes a peso is equal to one U.S. dollar. Many other official exchange rates exist in Cuba, valuing the peso at much less. The economy nonetheless recovered this year from recession in 2016 - the first in nearly a quarter century - growing 1.6 percent, the minister said, citing expansion in the tourism, transport and communications, agriculture and construction sectors. Despite Hurricane Irma and a renewed U.S. crackdown on travel to Cuba, the number of foreign visitors grew 19.7 percent on the year to 4.3 million in the first 11 months of 2017, Tourism Minister Manuel Marrero told parliament earlier this week. Cabrisas forecast the economy would grow around 2 percent next year. ",1
11573,"Britain's ""Madame Brexit"" tells Poland: Your constitution is your own matter","WARSAW (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May gave Poland a rare dose of big power support on Thursday by saying that its constitution was its own affair, a sharply different tone to that of the European Union which has scolded Warsaw over judicial reforms. The EU executive launched an unprecedented action against Poland on Wednesday, calling on other EU member states to prepare to sanction Warsaw if it fails to reverse judicial reforms that Brussels says pose a threat to democracy. When asked about the Commission s move to deploy the  nuclear option  under Article 7 of the 2009 Lisbon treaty, May said:  These constitutional issues are normally, and should be primarily a matter for the individual country concerned.  Speaking alongside Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki in Warsaw, May said:  Across Europe we have collective belief in the rule of law.    I welcome the fact that Prime Minister Morawiecki has indicated that he will be speaking with the European Commission and I hope that that will lead to a satisfactory resolution.  While the EU executive has censured Polish ruling party leader Jaroslaw Kaczynski s push to have control of judicial appointments, May is seeking to court Poland as an ally in Brexit negotiations and key military partner against Russia. Poland has said reforms are necessary while like-minded allies in Hungary have indicated they will veto the ultimate sanction of suspending Poland s voting rights in the bloc. At one point, a translator s slip made Morawiecki appear to cast May as  Madame Brexit , though in fact he said in Polish:  as Madame PM said, Brexit is Brexit . May said Britain and Poland had signed a defense and security cooperation treaty which deepens cooperation on training, information sharing and capability development. On the eve of a visit by Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson to Moscow, May said Vladimir Putin s Kremlin was trying to weaponise information and undermine a rules-based international system.  We are both deeply concerned by Russia s attempts to weaponise information,  she told reporters.  The Kremlin is seeking to undermine the international rules-based system and it will not succeed.  Morawiecki said he hoped France and Germany were aiming to work out the best solution with Britain as it leaves the EU  I have deep hopes and conviction that our French and German partners aim to work out the best solution in this new, not easy situation that we are in with respect to Brexit,  Morawiecki said. ",1
11574,Factbox: U.S. isolated as 128 nations at U.N. condemn Jerusalem decision,"(Reuters) - Some 128 countries defied U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday and voted in favor of a U.N. General Assembly resolution calling for Washington to drop its recent recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital. Trump had threatened to cut off financial aid to countries that voted in favor of the resolution. After the vote, U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations, Nikki Haley, tweeted that the United States  will be taking names.   Washington found itself isolated as many of its Western and Arab allies voted for the measure. Some of those allies, like Egypt, Jordan and Iraq, are major recipients of U.S. military or economic aid, although the U.S. threat to cut aid did not single out any country. Among countries that abstained were Argentina, Australia, Canada, Colombia, Czech Republic, Hungary, Mexico, Philippines, Poland, Rwanda, South Sudan and Uganda. Guatemala, Honduras, Marshall Islands, Micronesia, Nauru, Palau and Togo joined the United States and Israel in voting no. Following are reactions to the vote: Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan:   Mr. Trump, you cannot buy Turkey s democratic will with your dollars. The dollars will come back, but your will won t once it s sold.   Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif:  A resounding global NO to Trump regime s thuggish intimidation at #UN.  Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu:  Jerusalem is our capital, always was, always will be. But I do appreciate the fact that a growing number of countries refuse to participate in this theater of the absurd.  Spokesman for Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, Nabil Abu Rdainah:  The vote is a victory for Palestine. We will continue our efforts in the United Nations and at all international forums to put an end to this occupation and to establish our Palestinian state with east Jerusalem.  French U.N. Ambassador Francois Delattre:  The resolution adopted today only confirms relevant international law provisions on Jerusalem.  Botswana s Ministry of International Affairs:  Botswana will not be intimidated by such threats and will exercise her sovereign right and vote based on her foreign policy principles, which affirm that Jerusalem is a fundamental final status issue, which must be resolved through negotiations in line with relevant United Nations resolutions.  Canadian Ambassador to the UN, Marc-Andre Blanchard, on Canada decision to abstain from voting:  We are disappointed that this resolution is one-sided and does not advance prospects for peace to which we aspire which is why we have abstained on today s vote  ",1
11575,U.N. Security Council to vote Friday on new North Korea sanctions,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations Security Council is due to vote on Friday on a U.S.-drafted resolution that seeks to toughen sanctions on North Korea in response to its latest intercontinental ballistic missile launch, diplomats said.  The draft, seen by Reuters on Thursday, seeks to ban nearly 90 percent of refined petroleum product exports to North Korea by capping them at 500,000 barrels a year and demand the repatriation of North Koreans working abroad within 12 months.  It would also cap crude oil supplies to North Korea at 4 million barrels a year. The United States has been calling on China to limit its oil supply to its neighbor and ally.  The text was circulated to the 15-member council on Thursday. While it was not immediately clear how China would vote, traditionally a draft on North Korea is not given to all members until it is agreed by Beijing and Washington. The United States has been negotiating with China on the draft resolution for the past week, diplomats said. If adopted, it would be the 10th resolution imposing new sanctions on North Korea over its missile and nuclear programs since 2006. To pass, a resolution needs at least nine votes in favor and no vetoes by the United States, Britain, France, Russia and China. The United States late last month warned North Korea s leadership it would be  utterly destroyed  if war were to break out after Pyongyang test-fired its most advanced missile, putting the U.S. mainland within range. During a speech on Thursday, North Korean leader Kim Jong Un  stressed that nobody can deny the entity of the DPRK which rapidly emerged as a strategic state capable of posing a substantial nuclear threat to the U.S.,  according to North Korea s official KCNA news agency. DPRK is the acronym for the country s official name, Democratic People s Republic of Korea. U.N. political affairs chief Jeffrey Feltman visited Pyongyang earlier this month - the first senior U.N. official to do so since 2011 - and said North Korean officials did not commit to talks, but he believes he left  the door ajar.  The U.S.-drafted resolution repeats previous language by reaffirming the council s  support for the Six Party Talks, calls for their resumption.  So-called six-party talks on North Korea s nuclear program stalled in 2008. In a bid to further choke North Korea s external sources of funding, the draft resolution also seeks to ban North Korean exports of food products, machinery, electrical equipment, earth and stone, including magnesite and magnesia; wood; and vessels.  It would ban exports to North Korea of industrial equipment, machinery, transportation vehicles, and industrial metals.   The draft resolution would subject 19 new North Koreans and the Ministry of the People s Armed Forces to a global asset freeze and travel ban.     It also seeks to allow countries to seize, inspect and freeze any vessel in their ports or territorial waters that they believe was carrying banned cargo or involved in prohibited activities. Separately, China and Russia on Thursday asked for more time to consider a U.S. proposal to blacklist 10 ships for transporting banned items from North Korea, diplomats said. It was unclear how much more time would be given. The vessels are accused of  conducting illegal ship-to-ship transfers of refined petroleum products to North Korean vessels or illegally transporting North Korean coal to other countries for exports,  the United States said in its proposal. Countries are required to ban blacklisted ships from entering their ports. The council s North Korea sanctions committee in October designated four ships as banned for carrying coal from North Korea. ",1
11576,Mexico president says Supreme Court should rule on security law,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto said on Thursday that he would send a contentious new security law to the Supreme Court for review after signing it, and would not make use of it until the tribunal has ruled on its constitutionality. The law, which the government says sets out the rules under which the armed forces can operate in the battle with organized crime, has sparked fierce criticism by opponents who fear it could open the door to more abuses. Acknowledging the concerns that have been stirred by the legislation, known as the Law of Internal Security, Pena Nieto stressed that the Supreme Court will have the final say.   I m conscious this law that I will have to enact this afternoon is especially sensitive for the public life of the country,  he said.  For that reason, I will not issue an internal security declaration in the terms of this law until the highest court has decided on its constitutionality.  The law was published in the government s official gazette on Thursday afternoon. Multiple human rights groups and international organizations, including the United Nations, have attacked the bill, mindful of cases of abuses by members of the military in Mexico over the past 11 years. In an address to security forces, Pena Nieto framed the law as a critical tool to combat Mexico s drug-related violence. 2017 is set to be the country s deadliest year on record, as disputes between rival cartels fueled murders.  The challenges confronting our country in this area are great, and they mean that we cannot pause, we cannot make mistakes and we cannot fail,  he said. Critics of the law have cautioned that it could lessen the urgency to improve local law enforcement. Pena Nieto reiterated his pledge to shift to a system of 32 regional police forces, rather than over 18,000 local units. ",1
11577,"Australia to end air strikes in Iraq and Syria, bring Super Hornets home","SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia will end air strikes against Islamic State in Iraq and Syria and bring its six Super Hornet planes home after three years as part of the U.S.-led coalition in the Middle East, Defence Minister Marise Payne said on Friday. She told a media conference the decision was made following the Iraqi declaration of victory over Islamic State.  Following discussions with Iraq and with members of the international coalition, the Australian government has determined that we will bring home our six Super Hornet strike aircraft from the Middle East,  Payne told reporters.  It has been long. It has been arduous. It has been brutal. All of our personnel made an extraordinary contribution.  Australia has been in the Middle East as part of the U.S.-led effort against Islamic State since 2014. Payne said other Australian operations in the region would continue, with 80 personnel who are part of the Special Operations Task Group in Iraq, including Australian special forces, continuing their deployment.  Australian soldiers have also been training Iraqi troops at the Taji military base outside Baghdad. ",1
11578,British police say lifting road closures near Buckingham Palace,"LONDON (Reuters) - British police started to reopen roads around Buckingham Palace in London late on Thursday after investigating a suspicious vehicle.  All road closures are now in the process of being removed,  London s transport authority said.  There s significant congestion in the area but this should now improve.  A police spokesman said road closures were being lifted. Queen Elizabeth is not at Buckingham Palace as she travelled to her Sandringham estate in eastern England earlier on Thursday for the Christmas holiday. ",1
11579,Second day of jury deliberation for Turkish banker ends with no verdict,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - A New York jury on Thursday ended its second day of deliberations without a verdict in the trial of a Turkish banker accused of helping Iran evade U.S. sanctions. The jury had begun deliberating on Wednesday following the three-week trial of Mehmet Hakan Atilla, an executive at Turkey s majority state-owned Halkbank. The trial featured testimony from Turkish-Iranian gold trader Reza Zarrab, who pleaded guilty to charges of violating sanctions and testified for U.S. prosecutors, and from Huseyin Korkmaz, a former Turkish police officer who said he investigated Zarrab in 2012 and 2013. Jurors on Thursday sent notes asking to review a part of Korkmaz s testimony. They have also asked for clarification of a part of U.S. District Judge Richard Berman s legal instructions. The jurors are expected to resume deliberations on Friday. Zarrab testified that Atilla helped design fraudulent transactions of gold and food that allowed Iran to spend its oil and gas revenues abroad, including through U.S. financial institutions, defying U.S. sanctions. Both Zarrab and Korkmaz implicated Turkish officials in their testimony, including President Tayyip Erdogan. Attempts to reach Erdogan s spokesman for comment on the allegations at the trial have been unsuccessful. Erdogan has publicly dismissed the case as a politically motivated attack on his government. Korkmaz testified that he was jailed in retaliation for his investigation and eventually fled Turkey last year. An Istanbul prosecutor has issued arrest warrants for Korkmaz s parents, the Hurriyet newspaper reported on Wednesday. Korkmaz testified that he left some evidence from his investigation with his mother. Atilla, testifying in his own defense at the trial, denied all the charges against him. Halkbank has denied taking part in any illegal transactions. U.S. prosecutors charged nine people in the criminal case, though only Zarrab, 34, and Atilla, 47, were arrested by U.S. authorities. ",1
11580,U.S. welcomes decision by Saudi-led coalition to keep Yemen port open,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States on Thursday said it welcomed an announcement by a Saudi-led coalition to keep the Hodeidah port in Yemen open for a month and allow humanitarian aid to flow through, and condemned a Houthi bombing of a palace in Saudi Arabia. In a brief statement, White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders suggested the United States believed Iran bore ultimate responsibility for the Dec. 19 missile attack against the palace in Riyadh.  We urge the United Nations Security Council to hold Iran responsible for its repeated and blatant violations of Security Council resolutions,  Sanders said. At a briefing later on Thursday, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Tim Lenderking said the United States would have a conversation with Saudi Arabia about the 30 days the port will be open and about possibly changing the timeline, but said the United States first wants to see ships moving in and goods and services reaching the people of Yemen. The Saudi-led Arab coalition fighting in Yemen said on Wednesday it would open the Houthi-controlled port it had blockaded. A cholera epidemic has been spreading across the country and 8 million people are on the brink of famine in what the United Nations deems the world s worst humanitarian crisis. The Saudis say the Red Sea port is also a hub used by the Houthis to bring in weapons, which it accuses Iran of supplying. Tehran denies the charges. Lenderking also said there was no military solution to the conflict and that President Donald Trump s administration believes the best course is  aggressive diplomacy.  Trump had threatened to cut off financial aid to countries that voted on Thursday in favor of a United Nations General Assembly resolution calling for the United States to drop its recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital. When asked if U.S. aid to Yemen would diminish given that Yemen drafted the resolution and was one of the 120 countries that voted for it, Lenderking said he was not sure but Trump s threat was not empty. ",1
11581,EU drone rules in balance as member states hold off endorsing deal,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Europe s first ever rules on drones, which were tentatively agreed three weeks ago, risk being scuppered as EU governments hesitate over endorsing the deal because of their opposition to a drone registration requirement, among other issues. European Union lawmakers and member states finally struck a tentative deal on a long-awaited reform of the European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) on Nov. 30, which also includes rules requiring owners of drones to register their devices if  dangerous . Such deals then need to be definitively endorsed by member states in the Council of the EU and lawmakers in the European Parliament before becoming law, something which is usually a formality. Member states were supposed to endorse the EASA reform on Wednesday, but the vote was put off when several countries, including France and Germany, expressed major concerns about elements of the deal, such as the registration requirement for drones with a kinetic energy of more than 80 joules based on their mass and maximum speed. A spokeswoman for Estonia, which holds the rotating EU presidency, said member states had until Friday to analyze the final text and say whether they could endorse it. If the EASA reform is not endorsed it risks derailing the project for months to come as negotiations between the parliament and member states will have to start almost from scratch, over two years after the initial proposal was made. The risk of the deal falling apart has unleashed a wave of lobbying from both the aerospace industry and pilots.  The emerging market of civil drones, including small as well as larger certified category of drones, has many potentials for the EU aeronautical industry. It is therefore crucial that EASA has received the mandate to put in place the safety regulatory framework for the deployment of this new technology,  the Aerospace and Defence Industries Association of Europe said in a statement ahead of Wednesday s meeting. Members include plane manufacturer Airbus, Safran, BAE Systems and Rolls-Royce. Member states had opposed a registration requirement for drones throughout the negotiations, and the European Parliament had initially pushed for a registration threshold of 250 grams. Many countries fear the 80 joules threshold is too complicated and are not happy with the compromise.  I don t think there is one happy member state around the table,  said one person involved in the discussions. The German pilots union wrote to the German transport minister on Tuesday urging him to endorse the EASA deal.    Any delay through further negotiations - as some countries are apparently envisaging - would clearly not be in the interest of aviation safety,  wrote Ilja Schulz, President of the Vereinigung Cockpit union. ",1
11582,"South Sudan government, rebel groups sign ceasefire","ADDIS ABABA (Reuters) - South Sudan s government and rebel groups signed a ceasefire on Thursday in the latest attempt to end a four-year civil war and allow humanitarian groups access to civilians caught in the fighting. The ceasefire aims to revive a 2015 peace deal that collapsed last year after heavy fighting broke out in South Sudan s capital Juba. It was agreed after talks in the Ethiopian capital Addis Ababa convened by regional bloc IGAD. A decision by President Salva Kiir to sack his deputy Riek Machar triggered the war in the world s youngest country. The war has been fought largely along ethnic lines between forces loyal to Kiir, who is Dinka, and Machar, who is Nuer. Tens of thousands have died and a third of the population of 12 million have fled their homes. The conflict has since mutated from a two-way fight into one involving multiple parties and this has made it harder to find peace. Representatives of Kiir and Machar were both present at the signing. South Sudan s Information Minister Michael Makuei Leuth told journalists:  The cessation of hostilities will be effective 72 hours from now. As of now, we will send messages to all the commands in the field to abide by this cessation of hostilities.   From now onwards, there will be no more fighting,  he added.  Just talks.   I do hope in signing this agreement, you will try to put an end to this tragedy .... This is an encouraging first phase,  said Moussa Faki Mahamat, chairperson of the African Union Commission. Ethiopia s Foreign Minister Workneh Gebeyehu, also present, said:  There is no longer any excuse for the violations of human rights. All parties are obliged to observe cessation of hostilities agreement. Diplomats at the talks told Reuters the next phase of the negotiations would now center on thrashing out a revised power-sharing arrangement leading up to a new date for polls. The United States, Britain and Norway, which form a group that supported a 2005 accord leading to the independence of South Sudan from Sudan, welcomed the agreement.  The troika ... congratulate the parties on their willingness to compromise for the benefit of the people of South Sudan and hope that they immediately take action to make good on that agreement,  they said in a statement issued by the U.S. State Department. ",1
11583,"U.N. to join Syria talks in Astana, with humanitarian hopes","MOSCOW/GENEVA (Reuters) - U.N. special envoy on Syria Staffan de Mistura said on Thursday he would take part in the latest round of Syrian peace talks in the Kazakh capital Astana on Friday, with a month to go before he hopes to break the deadlock in political talks in Geneva. De Mistura s Geneva peace process reached deadlock this month, missing what said was a  golden opportunity  to close out almost seven years of war. Blaming intransigence on both sides, he told the U.N. Security Council he would start 2018 with a proposal to involve a wider constituency in constitutional and electoral reform, since the warring sides were stuck. He said on Thursday he planned to hold the next round in Geneva in the second half of January.   I am planning to go to Astana just after this meeting,  de Mistura said in Moscow at the start of Syrian talks with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu. U.N. timetables routinely slip, but the presence of many of the global power elite at the World Economic Forum in the Swiss resort of Davos on Jan. 23-26 could also create some political momentum. Forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad have made big gains on the ground since Russia joined the war in late 2015, but the fighting shows no sign of ending conclusively.  De Mistura s humanitarian adviser Jan Egeland said that although fewer people were now under siege or out of reach of humanitarian aid, 2017 had defied expectations by being worse than 2016 in many respects, and fewer aid convoys were going in.  In December we haven t reached a single soul (in besieged areas),  Egeland told reporters in Geneva. He hoped Astana might bring a cessation of hostilities in the rebel-held enclave of Eastern Ghouta, where Assad s forces are besieging almost 400,000 people. U.N. aid convoys are waiting for Syria s government to give them a green light. Food prices have risen eightfold since August, Egeland said.   495 people were on the priority lists for medical evacuations. That number is going down. Not because we are evacuating people, but because they are dying.  Russia, Iran, China, Egypt, Algeria and Iraq could all bring their influence to bear, he said.   If we are going to get out of this quagmire it is because there will be political agreements, really. So I hope that out of the Astana meetings in the next couple of days we will have some kind of impulse for a change on the humanitarian side.     ",1
11584,Putin's Syria envoy: U.S. forces should leave Syria,"ASTANA (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin s envoy for Syria said on Thursday that there was no reason for U.S. forces to remain in Syria and that Washington s stated reasons for maintaining a military presence there were groundless. Alexander Lavrentiev was speaking in Astana, the capital of Kazakhstan, ahead of a new round of Syrian peace talks between Russia, Iran and Turkey.  Any reasons cited by the Americans to justify their further military presence ... are just excuses and we think their presence must end,  he told reporters. Lavrentiev said the Astana talks would focus on setting the ground for a Congress of Syrian Peoples which Russia plans to host early next year. The sides plan to decide on the date for the congress on Friday, he said. But agreeing a list of delegates will take longer, up to three weeks. Turkey last month objected to the presence of the main Syrian Kurdish group at the congress. ",1
11585,U.S. envoy says expects Russia to maintain big presence in Syria,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Russia is likely to maintain a big presence in Syria despite Russian President Vladimir Putin s announcement of a partial military withdrawal, the U.S. special envoy to the coalition fighting the Islamic State insurgent group said on Friday.  I ve seen the announcement that they ... are going to withdraw from Syria, but that remains to be seen,  U.S. envoy Brett McGurk told reporters.  I think they will retain a fairly significant presence.  ",1
11586,"U.S. sanctions Myanmar general, others for abuses, corruption","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States on Thursday imposed sanctions on 13  serious human rights abusers and corrupt actors  including Myanmar general Maung Maung Soe, who oversaw this year s brutal crackdown against the Rohingya Muslim minority. The U.S. government, applying penalties for the first time under a law passed last year, also targeted 39 other individuals and entities with sanctions that block their assets under U.S. jurisdiction, bar most Americans from dealing with them and largely cut them off from the global financial system. The Treasury Department said those sanctioned included  Benjamin Bol Mel, who has served as an adviser to South Sudan President Salva Kiir and is suspected of getting preferential treatment in government contracts. The list also included former Gambian leader Yahya Jammeh, accused of human rights abuses and corruption, and Israeli billionaire Dan Gertler, accused of using his friendship with Democratic Republic of Congo President Joseph Kabila to secure sweetheart mining deals. Myanmar s government spokesman was not immediately available for comment on the U.S. sanctions. Reuters has been unable to reach Jammeh for comment since he went to exile. He has previously denied ordering the torture or death of political opponents. His lawyer until exile, Edward Gomez, said earlier this year that he was unaware of any misspending of public or charity funds by Jammeh.  Gertler has denied all allegations of impropriety and has said his investments in Congo have created thousands of jobs. A spokesman for his Amsterdam-based company the Fleurette Group was not immediately available for comment. Myanmar s military cracked down on Muslim Rohingya from Rakhine state following Aug. 25 Rohingya militant attacks on an army base and police posts. Maung Maung Soe was in charge of the operation that drove more than 650,000 Rohingya to flee mostly Buddhist Myanmar to Bangladesh. The United States on Nov. 22 called the Myanmar military operation against the Rohingya population  ethnic cleansing  and threatened targeted sanctions against those responsible. The United States  examined credible evidence of Maung Maung Soe s activities, including allegations against Burmese security forces of extrajudicial killings, sexual violence and arbitrary arrest as well as the widespread burning of villages,  the Treasury Department said on Thursday. Myanmar s army last month released a report denying all allegations of rape and killings by security forces, having days earlier replaced Maung Maung Soe. No reason was given for his transfer from the post.  We must lead by example, and today s announcement of sanctions demonstrates the United States will continue to pursue tangible and significant consequences for those who commit serious human rights abuse and engage in corruption,  U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said in a statement. The sanctions against the 13 people described by the Treasury Department as  serious human rights abusers and corrupt actors  and the 39  affiliated individuals and entities  were the first imposed under a U.S. law called the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act. Jammeh, who ruled Gambia for 22 years before being forced into exile after refusing to accept an election defeat, created a terror and assassination squad reporting to him called the Junglers that threatened, terrorized, interrogated and killed people he saw as a threat to his rule, the Treasury Department said. The sanctions targeted Gertler, considered by diplomats to be a member of Kabila s innermost circle, 19 of his businesses and his Congo-based associate Pieter Deboutte. The United States imposed sanctions this year and last against top Democratic Republic of Congo security officials over alleged human rights abuses and the failure to organize an election on time to choose Kabila s successor. For details on the U.S. action, see the Treasury Department statement (here) and for a full list see the department's website (here) ",1
11587,U.N. vote a resounding global 'No' to U.S. intimidation: Iran's Zarif tweets,"Ankara (Reuters) - The United Nations General Assembly s vote on Jerusalem on Thursday was a clear international rejection of U.S. President Donald Trump administration s  thuggish intimidation , the Iranian foreign minister said on Twitter. Mohammad Javad Zarif said on his Twitter feed:  A resounding global NO to Trump regime s thuggish intimidation at #UN . ",1
11588,Catalan separatists seen in position to keep majority in election: exit poll,"MADRID (Reuters) - Pro-independence parties in Catalonia are seen in a position to keep their absolute majority of seats in regional elections on Thursday, according to an exit poll published by La Vanguardia newspaper as polling stations closed. The separatist parties were seen getting 67-71 seats in the 135-seat assembly, the poll showed. No official results have yet been published and it was unclear if final results would match the poll.  Opinion polls before the vote had shown separatists and unionists running neck-and-neck in the wealthy Spanish region.  The first official preliminary results are expected around 2100 GMT and final results after midnight. ",1
11589,"As he hits 40, Macron can toast a tumultuous year","PARIS (Reuters) - As he looks back on a momentous year, French President Emmanuel Macron might be tempted to have an extra glass of champagne this holiday season, and not just because he turned 40 on Thursday. A year ago, his newly created En Marche movement was only just starting to gain traction, with the candidate inching ahead of his main center-right rival Francois Fillon in the polls.  But he still faced a full-throated challenge from far-right leader Marine Le Pen, and the idea of a 30-something former economy minister with no party affiliation rising to become president of the republic appeared far-fetched. A year on, and a few wobbles aside, Macron looks to be sitting pretty: he s up in the polls again, the opposition is largely in disarray, the economy is picking up, and business and consumer confidence are strong.  With German Chancellor Angela Merkel, 63, bogged down in draining coalition negotiations, Britain s Theresa May, 61, battling to make Brexit work while holding her divided government together, and President Donald Trump, 71, taking the United States in often unpredictable directions, Macron is arguably the most stable and reliable leader in the West. In the past few weeks alone he has hosted a global climate summit, convened Middle East and African leaders to tackle Islamist militancy in the Sahel, brokered the return of Prime Minister Saad Hariri to Lebanon from Saudi Arabia, and been at the forefront of discussions with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu over the status of Jerusalem. Next month he will visit China for four days, and in the coming months he is expected to become the first French leader to visit Tehran since 1971   six years before his birth. In Europe, he is credited with standing up to the wave of nationalist populism and unabashedly backing EU integration at a time when such ideas have become a dirty word in many capitals.  Macron s unexpected performance underscores that harsh anti-EU populism is not always a winning strategy,  Erik Brattenberg, director of the Europe Programme at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, wrote this week. So as Macron prepares to wind down a little bit at the end of the year, what are the risks? One of the former investment banker s shortcomings has been a tendency to use dismissive, even denigrating, language that has at times made him appear arrogant. Opponents have dubbed him  president of the rich , a label that s proving hard to shake. Referring to those who oppose his economic reforms as  slackers  and suggesting that protesting workers should stop  kicking up a bloody mess  was ready fuel for the center-left opposition and dented his popularity. [nL8N1MG11O]  He faces a challenge to keep his ambitious agenda on track. While he has pushed through changes to the labor rules with minimal unrest, he still needs to secure an overhaul to the pensions and unemployment benefit systems. [nL8N1MM3H0] In Europe, his grand plans for a separate budget for the euro zone have been stymied in large part by Germany s post-electoral impasse [nL8N1OC2QI], and his talk of pan-European lists to run in next year s elections to the European Parliament is unsettling parties and leaders across the continent. He also cannot bank on the opposition being disordered forever. The center-right Republicans party has now elected Laurent Wauquiez, a 42-year-old in the Macron mould, as its leader, and the far-left La France Insoumise keeps promising to put hundreds of thousands of protesters on the streets. What s certain is that 2018 is unlikely to be uneventful.  ",1
11590,"Israel rejects U.N. vote, thanks Trump for stance on Jerusalem","JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel rejected a U.N. vote on Thursday that called on the United States to withdraw its decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.  Israel rejects the U.N. decision and at the same time is satisfied with the high number of countries that did not vote in its favour,  said a statement from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu s office.  Israel thanks (U.S.) President Trump for his unequivocal position in favour of Jerusalem and thanks the countries that voted together with Israel, together with the truth,  it said. ",1
11591,Turkey's Erdogan says expects U.S. to rescind Jerusalem decision after UN vote,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Thursday he expected U.S. President Donald Trump s administration to rescind without delay its  unfortunate decision  to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital. In comments on Twitter, Erdogan said he welcomed the  overwhelming support  for the resolution in the United Nations General Assembly, where more than 100 countries voted in favor of calling for the United States to reverse its decision. ",1
11592,Cardinal Law funeral held at Vatican with no mention of sex abuse crisis,"VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - The funeral of Cardinal Bernard Law, who resigned as Archbishop of Boston 15 years ago after covering up years of sexual abuse of children by priests, was held in the Vatican on Thursday without a mention of what led to his downfall. About 200 people attended the funeral Mass in a chapel in the apse of St. Peter s Basilica and presided over by a senior cardinal, Angelo Sodano. The wooden coffin lay on the floor with an open book of the gospels resting on it. Pope Francis entered the chapel for a few minutes after the Mass to bless the coffin and conduct a brief service known as the Final Commendation and Farewell - which he does for all  cardinals who die in Rome.  He dedicated his whole life to the Church,  Sodano said in his homily in praise of Law, who died on Wednesday.  Sodano listed the stages of Law s clerical life and said the late Pope John Paul had  called him to Rome  to be archpriest of a Rome basilica. But Sodano made no mention of the reason why he left Boston.  Unfortunately, each of us can sometimes be lacking in our mission,  Sodano said. The pope read out a Latin prayer, part of which reads:  May he be given a merciful judgement . About 15 cardinals attended, though not Law s successor in Boston, Cardinal Sean O Malley. O Malley said on Wednesday that Law served at a time  when the Church failed seriously in its responsibilities ...  Law was Archbishop of Boston for 18 years when he resigned on Dec. 13, 2002, climaxing a tumultuous year that sparked the greatest crisis in the history of the American Catholic Church. A succession of devastating news stories by Boston Globe reporters showed how priests who sexually abused children had been moved from parish to parish for years under Law s tenure without parishioners or law authorities being informed. Victims groups have expressed outrage that Law s funeral was being in St. Peter s and that he would be buried in a crypt in a chapel of the Rome Basilica of Santa Maria Maggiore, where he served as archpriest.  Survivors of child sexual assault in Boston, who were first betrayed by Law s cover-up of sex crimes and then doubly betrayed by his subsequent promotion to Rome, were those most hurt,  SNAP, a victim s group, said in a statement on Wednesday. After Pope Francis left Thursday s funeral, two nuns in brown robes knelt by the coffin and arched over it to pray. After the funeral, Cardinal Franc Rode of Slovenia praised Law as  a good man with good intentions .  All these provisions about paedophilia were not as severe as they are now so one can t say that he made that many mistakes,  Rode told Reuters Television, saying it was  another era . He did not elaborate. About a half dozen ambassadors attended. The United States  official representative was Louis Bono, the current chief of mission at the U.S. Embassy to the Vatican. U.S. Ambassador-designate Callista Gingrich and her husband Newt Gingrich, former speaker of the House of Representatives, attended in a private capacity. Callista Gingrich officially becomes ambassador on Friday.  ",1
11593,"Turkey says U.N. Jerusalem vote showed dignity, sovereignty 'not for sale'","ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey s foreign minister said on Thursday the U.N. members had shown that  dignity and sovereignty are not for sale  by voting in favor of a resolution calling for the United States to drop its recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital. In comments made on Twitter, Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu also said that Turkey, Palestine and other co-sponsors thanked every country that supported the resolution in the United Nations General Assembly. ",1
11594,Ukraine detains suspected Russian spy in premier's inner circle,"KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine s state security service SBU have detained a government official on suspicion of working in the interests of Russia, Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman said on Thursday.  Together with the Security Service of Ukraine, an official in the government s secretariat was found to be working for a long time in the interests of the enemy state. He was detained,  Groysman said on Facebook. Neither he nor the SBU named the position or name of the detained official, but lawmakers and local media said the suspect was called Stanislav Yezhov, a deputy head of the government s protocol service who had also worked as an interpreter for Groysman. Yezhov could not immediately be reached for comment. The SBU said in a statement that the official was recruited by Russian agents while he traveled abroad. It said the official had been collecting information about the activities of the government. Ukraine and Russia were once allies whose intelligence agencies often worked closely together, but relations deteriorated after Russia s annexation of Crimea in 2014 and support for pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine. ",1
11595,"France to raise minimum food prices, limit bargain sales","PARIS (Reuters) - France will on Thursday announce a plan to raise regulated minimum food prices and limit bargain sales in supermarkets as part of a wider field-to-fork plan aimed at increasing farmers  income, a government official said. The measures are part of a wider review promised by President Emmanuel Macron to appease farmers, an important constituency in French politics, who have long complained of being hit by squeezed margins and retail price wars. In October Macron said the government would raise minimum prices retailers can charge on food products only if each sector proposed detailed organization plans by the end of the year. Most of these plans arrived late last week, the official said. The government will propose that threshold below which retailers cannot sell food products will rise by some 10 percent while prices on promotional offers could not be discounted by more than 34 percent and no more than 25 percent of a product s volume could be sold in a promotional offer, the official said, in line with a proposal reported by daily Le Figaro. The new rules, aimed at limiting sales at losses that pressure suppliers down the chain, would be applied for a trial period of two years. Macron had delayed until year-end the proposal by retailers to raise regulated minimum prices as he sought guarantees it would meet his promise to boost farm income while minimizing retail inflation. The measures will be included in a new law, set to be approved in the first half of next year, which will also tackle price renegotiation in case of a wide swing in commodity prices and create a reversed contract starting from farmers  production costs to food processors and to retailers. Company and industry representatives, unions, non-governmental organizations and officials, have gathered at the so-called Food Convention since the summer to discuss topics ranging from food quality to farm income and export strategy. ",1
11596,"France's move to raise minimum food prices, limit promotions","PARIS (Reuters) - France, the European Union s largest farm producer, plans to raise regulated minimum food prices and limit bargain sales in supermarkets in a bid to increase farmers  income, Prime Minister Edouard Philippe said on Thursday. The move is part of a wider field-to-fork review that closed on Thursday. Farmers, an important constituency in French politics, have long complained of being hit by a price war between retailers, which has benefited consumers but hurt producers down the chain. The measures will be put in place for a trial period of two years, Philippe said. Selling at a loss is forbidden in France.  To determine the minimum level at which retailers are allowed to sell a product, France has set a Resale Below Cost (RBC) threshold. The RBC threshold is currently defined by the product s basic purchase price, minus discounts, plus transport costs to the retailer s warehouse. The government will propose to raise the RBC threshold by 10 percent, Philippe said at the close of the food review.  The aim is to rebalance trade relations for the benefit of farmers  income,  he said when describing the proposal. The rise would include some of the additional costs already supported by retailers, such as the cost of logistics and staff needed to bring products from warehouses to the shelves, food industry group Ania said. This will increase the end-price of all products sold between the current RBC threshold and the new one - but not necessarily more expensive ones. The government will propose limiting discounts on food products to 34 percent of a product s price and to 25 percent of available volumes, Agriculture Minister Stephane Travert said. This means that retailers will be able to do promotion offers such as  three products for the price of two  but only for a fourth of their supplies for that product. The war in prices had led to rebates of up to 70 percent, which are most often supported by food producers. The aim of the measure is to avoid consumers losing the  sense of prices.  It would now be promotions, not sell-offs,  Christiane Lambert, head of France s largest farm union FNSEA, said. Analysts say the measures would reduce aggressive price competition among French retailers and accelerate food inflation, potentially benefiting retailers  profit margins in the short-term.  This should calm down the (price) game a bit but the most aggressive players on prices may be tempted to parry an attack,  Raymond James analyst Cedric Lecasble said. A softer competitive climate could come as a relief for retailers like Carrefour (CARR.PA) and Auchan [AUCH.UL], whose profitability is under pressure and whose hypermarkets sales suffer from aggressive price discounting from the market s dominant player, Leclerc, Barclays analyst Nicolas Champ said. Leclerc is now the leading retailer in France with a national market share of 21 percent against 20.5 percent for Carrefour, the latest Kantar data show. Accelerated food inflation could also lead some consumers to trade down, which could benefit hard discounters like Lidl. The limitation of promotions could also benefit discounters who have mostly Every Day Low prices strategies and reduce the attractiveness of the hypermarket stores, which are more focused on promotions. The government s aim is to present draft legislation to Parliament early next year, Philippe said. Analysts say the measures are unlikely to have an impact on the food chain before the second half of 2018. Ania had estimated that a rise of 15 percent in the RBC threshold would cost consumers an average of 30 cents ($0.36) per person and per week. Prices of products currently sold lower than the new RBC floor level - mostly products used to attract consumers such as Ferrero s Nutella or Coca Cola (KO.N) soft drinks - would rise mechanically. The government hopes that the measures will prompt retailers to loosen pressure on suppliers and food makers who would then pass at least part of the rise onto farmers. But some are doubtful that this will happen.  We will increase some products  prices by 10 percent, promising that miraculously this money, taken from consumers, will go down to the agri-food industry and that industry will give this money back to farmers. By what miracle, we do not know, there are no tools,  Olivier Andrault from consumer rights group UFC-Que choisir told Europe 1 radio. The government will also reinforce the so-called renegotiation clause that allows parties to ask that contracts - concluded on an annual basis in France - be reviewed if there is a large swing in production prices. To ensure that farmers are not paid below their costs, France also plans to reverse the process of determining prices by taking farmers  production costs as the starting point. ($1 = 0.8432 euros) ",1
11597,Exclusive: London-listed NMC in talks to run struggling Saudi hospital - sources,"DUBAI/KHOBAR (Reuters) - London-listed NMC Healthcare is in talks with the Riyadh government to take over the running of a struggling Saudi hospital, according to four sources familiar with the matter. A deal for the Saad Specialist Hospital in Khobar, one of the top cancer treatment facilities in the Gulf, would be a rare instance of a foreign group operating a Saudi hospital.  It would be a test of Riyadh s plan to bring overseas investors into the healthcare sector under a reform drive, led by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, aimed at restructuring the kingdom s economy and reducing its dependence on oil revenue. The Saudi health ministry has asked interested parties to submit bids for the operational license by the end of this month, said the sources who declined to be named as the discussions are confidential. UAE-based NMC is involved in the process and is considered a frontrunner to win the contract, they added. The 750-bed hospital is owned by Saad Group, a conglomerate owned by billionaire tycoon Maan al-Sanea which also operated the facility. But in recent weeks the government has stepped in after the hospital become weighed down by financial problems, said the sources.  The hospital had effectively ceased operating - with the emergency room the last unit of the facility to close last month - due to debts which meant it was unable to pay salaries or contractors, according to the sources. The government s intervention coincided with the detention of the al-Sanea by Saudi authorities for unpaid debts, sources have previously told Reuters. NMC Healthcare and the Saudi health ministry were not immediately available to comment. Saad Specialist is one of only two hospitals in the kingdom to have a cyclotron, used to help identify cancerous tumors. The ministry is keen to get it re-opened as quickly as possible. It approached NMC and other healthcare companies a few weeks ago about taking over the running of the facility and conducted a site tour for potential bidders, which number around 10, according to the sources familiar with the matter. The sources did not name any other potential bidders.  Saad Specialist Hospital, which al-Sanea opened in 2001, gradually ground to a halt this year as staff began to leave, including doctors and nurses, because of non-payment of salaries, which in some cases dated back around one year, said the sources.  In addition, contractors began to stop maintaining the high-tech medical equipment because of lack of payment, the sources said.  At the peak of his business success in 2007, al-Sanea was ranked by Forbes as one of the world s 100 richest men, with his Saad Group owning interests in everything from banking to civil engineering. But his empire has been embroiled in a high-profile debt dispute since 2009 spanning courts in London to the Cayman Islands, and Saudi authorities have recently begun liquidating some of his assets.  Al-Sanea was detained in October in the kingdom s Eastern Province and he has been held in a civil detention center in Khobar, sources previously told Reuters. His detention was a few weeks before Prince Mohammed launched a corruption crackdown in which dozens of Saudi princes and businessmen are being held. In an effort to get him released, Reemas Group, a financial consultancy hired by Saad Group, has outlined a proposed settlement covering $4 billion in debt, sources previously told Reuters. Reuters was not able to determine whether the plan includes any provision to repay hospital staff or contractors. NMC Healthcare has $800 million available to start investing in 2018 in the Gulf and other markets, its CEO Prasanth Manghat said this week.  We want to look at opportunities in Saudi Arabia,  he said.  It is a very strong market and the reforms happening there will give the healthcare sector a lot of momentum.  The government is looking to bring in foreign investors to the healthcare sector as part of its  Vision 2030  plan. But progress has been slow.  The health ministry has put on hold its tender seeking financial advisers for the privatization of 55 primary healthcare units in Riyadh, a financial source familiar with the matter told Reuters earlier this month.     ",1
11598,Australia police say don't suspect terrorism after car plows into pedestrians,"MELBOURNE (Reuters) - An Australian man of Afghan descent with a history of mental health issues drove a car into Christmas shoppers in the city of Melbourne on Thursday, injuring 19 people, but police said they did not believe the attack was terror-related. In January, four people were killed and more than 20 injured when a man drove into pedestrians just a few hundred meters away from Thursday s attack. That too was not a terror attack. Jim Stoupas, the owner of a donut shop at the scene, told Reuters the vehicle was traveling up to 100 kph (62 mph) when it drove into the intersection packed with people, hitting one person after another.  All you could hear was just  bang bang bang bang bang  and screams,  Stoupas said in a telephone interview, adding the car came to rest by a tram stop. Police said they detained the 32-year-old driver, an Australian of Afghan descent with a history of assault, drug use and mental health issues.      At this time, we don t have any evidence or intelligence to indicate a connection with terrorism,  said the acting chief commissioner of Victoria State, Shane Patton. Four of the injured were in critical condition, including a pre-school aged boy who suffered a head injury. Police also detained a 24-year-old man at the scene who was filming the incident and had a bag with knifes. Patton said it was  quite probable  the 24-year-old was not involved.  The men had not been charged and their names have not been released by police. The attack took place on Flinders Street, a major road that runs alongside the Yarra River, in the central business district of Australia s second-biggest city. Melbourne has installed about 140 concrete bollards in the city center to stop vehicle attacks by militants similar to recent attacks in Europe and the United States.  We ve seen an horrific act, an evil act, an act of cowardice perpetrated against innocent bystanders,  said the state premier, Daniel Andrews.  Sydney, Australia s biggest city, has also installed concrete barricades in main pedestrian thoroughfares.  Our thoughts & prayers are with the victims & the emergency & health workers who are treating them,  Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said in a post on his official Twitter account. Australia has been on a  high  national threat level since 2015, citing the likelihood of attacks by Australians radicalized in Iraq and Syria. Two hostages were killed during a 17-hour siege by a  lone wolf  gunman, inspired by Islamic State militants, in a cafe in Sydney in December 2014. For a map of Melbourne, click tmsnrt.rs/2BcJp3z ",1
11599,EU embassies urge Romania to rethink judicial overhaul,"BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Seven European Union states urged Romania s ruling coalition on Thursday to avoid legislation that could weaken its judiciary and the fight against corruption, hours after senators approved a contentious overhaul of the justice system. Senators passed the last of three bills which critics say limit the independence of magistrates and which have triggered street protests across Romania, widely regarded as one of the EU s most corrupt states. The three bills change the process of appointing chief prosecutors and set up a special unit to probe crimes committed by magistrates, making them the only professional category with a prosecuting unit dedicated to investigating them. France, Germany, the Netherlands, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, and Sweden said in a joint statement from their embassies in Bucharest that the bills and criminal code changes under debate in parliament undermined Romania s progress on judicial reforms.  We appeal to the parties involved in the justice reform project to avoid any action that could lead to weakening the independence of the justice system and of the fight against corruption,  the joint statement said. The seven states joined a chorus of criticism that included the European Commission, the U.S. State Department, thousands of Romanian magistrates and centrist President Klaus Iohannis. Romania s ruling Social Democrats, which command an overwhelming majority in parliament together with their junior coalition partner, ALDE, have so far ignored the warnings.  They are also working on changes to the criminal code that critics say will derail law and order. Opposition politicians challenged the bills in the Constitutional Court on Thursday. Romania s top court also said it will challenge legal changes to the status of magistrates.  It was unclear when the court would meet to rule on the challenges but it could be months before the bills are enforced, as the president must also sign off on them. Iohannis has repeatedly criticized the bills. The proposed changes place Romania alongside its eastern European peers Hungary and Poland, where populist leaders are also trying to control the judiciary, in defying EU concerns over the rule of law. The Commission launched an unprecedented action on Poland on Wednesday, calling on other member states to prepare to sanction Warsaw if it fails to reverse judicial reforms it says pose a threat to democracy. ",1
11600,Hamas chief in Gaza says Palestinian unity deal is collapsing,"GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian Islamist group Hamas s leader in Gaza said on Thursday a reconciliation deal with President Mahmoud Abbas s Fatah faction was collapsing, just 10 weeks after the agreement was reached. The rivals signed a deal brokered by Cairo on Oct. 12 after Hamas agreed to hand over administrative control of the Gaza Strip, including its border crossings with Egypt and Israel, a decade after seizing control of the enclave in a civil war. The deal bridged a deep gulf between Abbas s Western-backed mainstream Fatah and Hamas, an Islamist movement designated a terrorist group by Western countries and Israel. But continued disputes have delayed its implementation.  Yehya Al-Sinwar, Hamas s chief in Gaza and a key architect of the unity agreement, offered a bleak outlook on Thursday, suggesting the deal could suffer a similar fate to numerous reconciliation attempts over the past decade.  The reconciliation project is falling apart. Only a blind man can t see that,  Sinwar said in comments published by pro-Hamas media. One of the latest disputes came earlier this month when Hamas, according to Fatah officials, missed a milestone to complete the handover of Gaza to Abbas s West Bank-based government. Hamas says it has given up all administrative control in Gaza. Rami Al-Hamdallah, the prime minister, said Hamas had not transferred moneys as agreed, while Hamas said Hamdallah s government had not paid salaries in Gaza as agreed. Sinwar in the past has said his group would not go back to governing Gaza and that he was committed to making the deal succeed. Fatah officials declined immediate comment.  Reconciliation is collapsing because some people want to get from it the relinquishing of arms and the closing of tunnels,  said Sinwar without elaborating, but in apparent reference to Fatah. During the last Gaza war, in 2014, Hamas fighters used dozens of tunnels to blindside Israel s superior forces and threaten civilian communities near the frontier. Israel and the United States have called for Hamas to be disarmed as part of the pact between it and the Palestinian Authority, so that Israeli peace efforts with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, which collapsed in 2014, can proceed. Hamas has rejected the demand. ",1
11601,UK minister Garnier keeps job after misconduct inquiry finds no rules broken,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May wants to draw a line under allegations of misconduct against one of her junior ministers, Mark Garnier, a statement from her office said on Thursday after an investigation found he had not breached ministerial rules.   May ordered the investigation in October after the Mail on Sunday newspaper reported Garnier, now a junior international trade minister, asked secretary Caroline Edmondson to buy two sex toys. The statement come a day after May forced her most senior minister, Damian Green, to resign for lying about whether he knew pornography had been found on computers in his parliamentary office. The investigation into Garnier s conduct said he had not breached the rules since becoming a minister in 2016.  Addressing events between Garnier and his staff member, it said the incident happened before Garnier became a minister, and that whilst there was no dispute about the facts, there was  a significant difference of interpretation between the parties.   It was not his intention to cause distress, and Mr Garnier has apologized unreservedly to the individual. On that basis the Prime Minister considers that a line should be drawn under the issue,  the statement from May s office said. The Harvey Weinstein sexual harassment scandal has triggered a debate about a culture of abuse by some powerful men at the heart of Britain s Westminster parliament. That has played a role in the departure of two of May s senior ministers after former Defence Secretary Michael Fallon resigned in November saying his past conduct had fallen below the required standard.  The departures have added to May s political difficulties at a time when she is trying to manage a party and electorate still split over Brexit, negotiate an exit deal with the European Union and convince voters she can drive through domestic reforms. Nevertheless, having secured progress in Brexit negotiations and steered key EU withdrawal legislation through difficult tests in parliament, she is not facing immediate pressure to quit from her own party.  ",1
11602,Saudi Arabia should not forfeit 'sovereign' right to enrich uranium: senior prince,"RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia should not forfeit its  sovereign  right to one day enrich uranium under its planned civilian nuclear program, especially as world powers have allowed Iran to do so, a senior Saudi royal told Reuters. Former intelligence chief Prince Turki al-Faisal s comments reinforced Riyadh s stance on what is likely to be a sensitive issue in talks between Saudi Arabia and the United States on an agreement to help the kingdom develop atomic energy. Riyadh aims to start talks with the United States within weeks on a civilian nuclear cooperation pact, which is essential if U.S. firms are to bid in a multi-billion-dollar tender next year for building Saudi Arabia s first two nuclear reactors. The reactors will be part of a wider program to produce electricity from atomic energy so that the kingdom can export more crude oil.  Riyadh says it wants nuclear technology only for peaceful uses but has left unclear whether it also wants to enrich uranium to produce nuclear fuel, a process which can also be used in the production of atomic weapons. U.S. companies can usually transfer nuclear technology to another country only if the United States has signed an  agreement with that country ruling out domestic uranium enrichment and the preprocessing of spent nuclear fuel   steps that can have military uses.  It s a sovereign issue. If you look at the agreement between the P5+1 with Iran specifically it allows Iran to enrich, Prince Turki, who now holds no government office but remains influential, said in an interview on Tuesday in Riyadh. He was referring to the six countries   the United States, Russia, China, Britain, France and Germany   that reached a deal with Tehran in 2015, under which economic sanctions on Iran were lifted in return for the Islamic Republic curbing its nuclear energy program.   The world community that supports the nuclear deal between the P5+1 and Iran told Iran you can enrich although the NPT (global non-proliferation treaty) tells us all we can enrich,  Prince Turki, a senior royal family member and a former ambassador to Washington, said.  So the kingdom from that point of view will have the same right as the other members of the NPT, including Iran.   SELF-SUFFICIENCY   The dual technology has been at the heart of Western and regional concerns over the nuclear work of Iran, Saudi Arabia s regional rival. These worries helped lead to the 2015 deal, which allows Iran to enrich uranium to around the normal level needed for commercial power production. Atomic reactors need uranium enriched to around five percent purity but the same technology can also be used to enrich the heavy metal to higher, weapons-grade levels.   Saudi Arabia plans to build 17.6 gigawatts (GW) of nuclear capacity by 2032, the equivalent of around 16 reactors. Riyadh has previously said it wants to tap its own uranium resources for  self-sufficiency  in producing nuclear fuel. Energy Minister Khalid al-Falih told Reuters on Wednesday that said these large resources were being explored, were promising and that Saudi Arabia would like to localize the industry in the long-term.   Prince Turki said the only way to stop uranium enrichment would be by establishing a nuclear weapons-free zone in the Middle East, a longstanding idea which has been backed by the U.N. s nuclear assembly.  This is not going to happen overnight. You have to set a time scale for negotiations to include regional discussions between the prospective members of the zone on issues not just of nuclear, but of achieving peace in the Middle East between Israel and Palestine,  he said. ",1
11603,Israel's Netanyahu calls U.N. 'house of lies' before Jerusalem vote,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu described the United Nations as a  house of lies  ahead of a vote on Thursday on a draft resolution calling on the United States to withdraw its recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital.  The State of Israel totally rejects this vote, even before (the resolution s) approval,  Netanyahu said in a speech at a hospital dedication in the port city of Ashdod. The 193-member U.N. General Assembly will hold a rare emergency special session on Thursday at the request of Arab and Muslim countries to vote on the draft resolution, which the United States vetoed on Monday in the 15-member U.N. Security Council. Generating outrage from Palestinians and the Arab and Muslim world, and concern among Washington s Western allies, President Donald Trump abruptly reversed decades of U.S. policy on Dec. 6 when he recognized Jerusalem as Israel s capital. Palestinians have protested daily in the occupied West Bank and in the Gaza Strip since Trump s announcement, throwing stones at security forces and burning tires. Gaza militants have also launched sporadic rocket fire. Eight Palestinians have been killed by Israeli gunfire during the demonstrations and dozens wounded, Palestinian health officials said. Two militants were killed in an Israeli air strike in Gaza after a rocket attack. Trump threatened on Wednesday to cut off financial aid to countries that vote in favor of the U.N. draft resolution, and his ambassador to the world body, Nikki Haley said the United States  will be taking names . Netanyahu, in his speech, thanked Trump and Haley for  their brave and uncompromising stance . He repeated his prediction that other countries would eventually follow Washington s lead in pledging to move their embassies from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.  The attitude towards Israel of many countries, on all continents, outside the walls of the United Nations, is changing and will ultimately permeate into the U.N. - the house of lies,  he said. Most countries regard the status of Jerusalem as a matter to be settled in an eventual Israeli-Palestinian peace agreement, although that process is now stalled. Israel considers Jerusalem its eternal and indivisible capital and wants all embassies based there. Palestinians want the capital of an independent Palestinian state to be in the city s eastern sector, which Israel captured in the 1967 Middle East War and annexed in a move never recognized internationally.  Several senior diplomats said Haley s warning was unlikely to change many votes in the General Assembly, where such direct, public threats are rare. Some diplomats brushed off the warning as more likely aimed at impressing U.S. voters. ",1
11604,Erdogan says U.S. can't buy Turkish support on Jerusalem,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey told U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday he could not buy its support in a United Nations vote on Jerusalem, and said the world should teach the United States a  very good lesson  by resisting U.S. pressure. Trump has threatened to cut aid to countries that support a draft U.N. resolution calling for the United States to withdraw its decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital. Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said in Ankara U.N. member states should not let their decision in Thursday s vote at the U.N. General Assembly be dictated by money.  Mr. Trump, you cannot buy Turkey s democratic will with your dollars,  he said.  The dollars will come back, but your will won t once it s sold.  That is why your stance is important.  Trump s announcement two weeks ago that he was recognizing Jerusalem as Israel s capital broke with decades of U.S. policy and international consensus that the city s status must be left to Israeli-Palestinian talks. Last week Erdogan hosted a special meeting of the Organisation for Islamic Cooperation, which condemned Trump s decision and called on the world to respond by recognizing East Jerusalem as the capital of Palestine. Jerusalem, revered by Jews, Christians and Muslims alike, has been at the heart of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict for decades. Israel captured Arab East Jerusalem in 1967 and later annexed it in an action not recognized internationally. Trump s Jerusalem move led to harsh criticisms from Muslim countries and Israel s closest European allies, who have also rejected the move. A draft resolution calling for withdrawal of Trump s decision was vetoed at the United Nations Security Council by the United States on Monday. Following that vote, opponents of the U.S. decision called for the vote in the General Assembly.   I hope and expect the United States won t get the result it expects from there and the world will give a very good lesson to the United States,  Erdogan said.  ",1
11605,South Africa's ANC decides on Israel embassy downgrade ahead of Jerusalem vote,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s ruling ANC decided to downgrade its embassy in Tel Aviv to a liaison office over a U.S. decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital, ahead of a U.N. vote on Thursday on a resolution urging Washington to drop the move.  The decision was taken at the end of a five-day African National Congress conference, in which Cyril Ramaphosa was elected as its new leader and South Africa s likely next president after 2019 elections, following Jacob Zuma.  Delegates endorsed the proposal that we must give practical support to the oppressed people of Palestine and resolved on an immediate and unconditional downgrade of the SA (South Africa) Embassy in Israel to a Liaison Office,  new ANC Secretary General Ace Magashule said on Thursday. There was no immediate comment from Israel s Foreign Ministry. South Africa s ministry for international relations and cooperation said on its website that it was deeply concerned about Trump s move as it would undermine Israeli-Palestinian peacemaking, which has been frozen since 2014. The South African Board of Jewish Deputies and the South African Zionist Federation jointly condemned the ANC s decision. The 193-member U.N. General Assembly will hold a rare special session on Thursday at the request of Arab and Muslim states to vote on the draft resolution, which Washington vetoed on Monday in the 15-member U.N. Security Council.     Most countries regard the status of Jerusalem as a matter to be settled in an eventual Israeli-Palestinian peace agreement, although that process has been frozen for over three years. Israel deems Jerusalem its eternal and indivisible capital and wants all embassies based there. Palestinians want the capital of an independent Palestinian state to be in the city s eastern sector, which Israel captured in the 1967 Middle East War and annexed in a move never recognized internationally.  The ANC s move comes at a time when Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has been pursuing closer ties with other African countries. Last month, on a visit to Kenya, Netanyahu announced that Israel was opening a new embassy in nearby Rwanda  as part of the expanding Israeli presence in Africa and the deepening of cooperation between Israel and African countries . Israel is seeking to expel thousands of African migrants to Rwanda. On Thursday, Netanyahu described the United Nations as a  house of lies  on Thursday and said Israel  totally rejects this vote, even before approval . Trump upended decades of U.S. policy on Dec. 6 when he recognized Jerusalem as Israel s capital, generating outrage from Palestinians and the Arab and Muslim world, and concern among Washington s Western allies. When under white-minority rule, South Africa was one of Israel s few allies on the continent. But after the 1994 demise of apartheid, relations cooled as the black-majority ANC took over. The ANC has condemned Israeli occupation of territories where Palestinians seek statehood, while maintaining full diplomatic and trade relations with Israel. ",1
11606,Suspected cholera cases in Yemen hit one million: ICRC,"DUBAI/GENEVA (Reuters) - Yemen s cholera epidemic has reached one million suspected cases, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Thursday, with war leaving more than 80 percent of the population short of food, fuel, clean water and access to healthcare. Yemen, one of the Arab world s poorest countries, is embroiled in a proxy war between the Houthi armed movement, allied with Iran, and a U.S.-backed military coalition headed by Saudi Arabia. The United Nations says Yemen is suffering the world s worst humanitarian crisis, and eight million people are on the brink of famine.  The cholera figure is almost certainly exaggerated, but that does not diminish the scale and complexity of the humanitarian crisis, said Marc Poncin, Yemen emergency coordinator for aid agency M decins Sans Fronti res. Cholera flared up in April and spread rapidly, killing 2,227 people. The death rate has fallen dramatically, and without laboratory confirmation, recent cases are probably diarrhea, Poncin said. A new wave of cholera is expected in March or April.  It s probably unavoidable. We need to be ready to face another big epidemic,  said Poncin, adding that cholera may become a long-term burden as it has in Haiti.  The places where the war is active are the ones most at risk for increase of disease.  The latest emergency is diphtheria, a disease not seen in Yemen for 25 years, which has affected 312 people and killed 35. It has not spread explosively, as cholera did, but diphtheria outbreaks can affect many thousands, and there is a global shortage of diphtheria anti-toxin. Yemen has enough for 200-500 patients, Poncin said.  An urgent diphtheria vaccination campaign early in 2018 will complicate the WHO s hope of doing mass cholera vaccination at the same time, especially given the problems with security and accessing remote areas, Poncin said. The Houthis, who control much of the country, are also suspicious of vaccination drives, he added.  Yemen s troubles have been aggravated by the Saudi-led coalition s blockade of its ports, which has caused a fuel shortage and a spike in food prices. The health system has virtually collapsed, with health workers unpaid for a year, although the WHO gives incentive payments for cholera work.  The ports were closed in retaliation for a missile fired from Yemen by the Houthis. On Wednesday, despite a fresh missile attack on Riyadh, Saudi Arabia said it would allow the Houthi-controled port of Hodeidah, vital for aid, to stay open for a month. ",1
11607,Cameroonian journalist to be freed after terrorism charges dropped,"YAOUNDE (Reuters) - A Cameroonian journalist jailed for over two years for contact with Islamist militant group Boko Haram is set to be freed after a court on Thursday shortened his sentence, his lawyer said.  Radio France Internationale reporter Ahmed Abba was arrested in July 2015 and sentenced in April this year to 10 years on terrorism charges that rights groups denounced as a sham. Authorities said they found evidence on Abba s computer of  attacks planned by Boko Haram, whose Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, Cameroon and neighboring countries has cost the lives of at least 20,000 people since 2009.   Abba has denied knowledge of attacks and protested his innocence. The sentence was reduced to two years on Thursday when an appeals court dropped the terrorism charges but upheld less serious charges of  non-denunciation  of terrorism.   Technically, Mr. Ahmed can be outside today, tomorrow or the day after tomorrow,  given that he has already been in jail for over two years, his lawyer Charles Tchoungang told Reuters. Abba s forthcoming release comes amid a crackdown on dissent by President Paul Biya who is seeking to extend his 35-year rule in elections next year. The government is confronting a growing separatist insurgency in the country s Anglophone regions as well as the threat from Boko Haram.  Patrice Nganang, a prize-winning Cameroonian author who lives in New York, was arrested during a visit to Cameroon this month for writing a Facebook post critical of Biya. Nganang is being held in jail until court proceedings next month.  Rights Groups and RFI welcomed Thursday s ruling.   This ruling is a victory for Ahmed Abba who has been detained for more than two years simply for doing his job as a journalist,  said Amnesty International researcher Ilaria Allegrozzi. ",1
11608,U.N. war crimes court that prosecuted Milosevic closes doors,"THE HAGUE (Reuters) - The U.N. war crimes court that prosecuted atrocities committed during the breakup of Yugoslavia in the 1990s, and put former Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic on trial, closed its doors on Thursday after two decades.  Today it s common for the U.N. Security Council to call for perpetrators of the worst crimes be held responsible. .... Accountability has taken root in our collective conscience,  said U.N. Secretary General Ant nio Guterres of the court s legacy at a ceremony in The Hague.     When the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia  was set up in 1993, the Balkan wars were still raging and few thought it stood much chance of success. But it went on through international co-operation to capture and try every one of the 161 suspects it indicted who didn t die first. It was the first serious attempt to hold war criminals responsible for their actions since the Nuremberg trials after World War Two. Now the idea that international courts or special tribunals will be set up to try war crimes after conflicts has become commonplace.  The ICTY had begun to fade from popular consciousness outside of the Balkans until the conviction last month of Bosnian Serb Gen. Ratko Mladic of genocide for the massacre of thousands of unarmed men and boys at Srebrenica, Bosnia in 1995.  Days later, Bosnian Croat general Slobodan Praljak committed suicide in the courtroom by drinking a cyanide potion moments after his conviction and 20-year sentence were upheld. A low came in 2006 when Milosevic, whose trial had dragged on for years, died of a heart attack in his cell in 2006 before a verdict was reached in his case. Victims attended the closing ceremony, notably Munira Subasic, representing the  Mothers of Srebrenica  group who lobbied for justice for the more than 8,000 boys and men who were massacred by Serb forces at Srebrenica in 1995. Prominent figures included Bosnian Serb military leader Radovan Karadzic, who was convicted in 2016 and sentenced to 40 years, and Ratko Mladic, convicted last month and sentenced to life. Both are appealing their convictions. The court s architects hoped that establishing what happened during the war and punishing its worst offenders would help reconcile Serbs, Croats and Bosnian Muslims. However, Prosecutor Serge Brammertz said while the court brought justice for some, it had not brought the communities together.  Throughout the region war criminals are seen as heroes and victims are ignored , he said. At the bittersweet closing ceremony, Alfons Orie, the presiding judge in Mladic s case, performed part of Handel s oratio  Solomon , singing the part of Solomon. ",1
11609,Pope says foes make reforming Vatican as hard as cleaning Sphinx with toothbrush,"VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope Francis issued a stinging new critique of the Vatican s top administration on Thursday, saying  traitors  stood in the way of his reforms and made any change as hard as cleaning Egypt s  Sphinx  with a toothbrush . For the fourth year running, Francis used his annual Christmas greetings to the Roman Catholic Church s central bureaucracy, or Curia, to lecture the assembled cardinals, bishops and other department heads on the need for change.  Reforming Rome is like cleaning the Sphinx of Egypt with a toothbrush,  he said, quoting a 19th-century Belgian churchman. The phrase did not evoke much laughter when the pope read it in the frescoed Clementina Hall of the Vatican s Apostolic Palace. Since his election as the first Latin American pope in 2013, Francis has been trying to reform the Italian-dominated Curia to bring the Church s hierarchy closer to its members, to enact financial reforms and guide it out of scandals that marked the pontificate of his predecessor, former Pope Benedict. But he has encountered resistance, particularly as some departments have been closed, merged or streamlined.        Francis said some in the bureaucracy - the nerve center of the 1.2-billion-member Church and whose members are entrusted with carrying out the pope s decisions - were part of  cliques and plots . Francis called this  unbalanced and degenerate  and a  cancer that leads to a self-referential attitude . In his address on Thursday, he spoke of those  traitors of trust  who had been entrusted with carrying out reforms but  let themselves be corrupted by ambition and vainglory.  When they are quietly let go, he said,  they erroneously declare themselves to be martyrs of the system ... instead of reciting a  mea culpa  (Latin for  my fault ). Francis did not cite any specific examples. Last June the Vatican s first auditor general resigned suddenly. He later said he was forced to step down because he had discovered irregularities but the Vatican said he had been spying on his superiors. Earlier this month, the Vatican bank s deputy director was fired under circumstances that have not been explained. In July, in a major shake-up of the Vatican administration, Francis replaced Catholicism s top theologian, a conservative German cardinal who has been at odds with the pontiff s vision of a more inclusive Church. Francis said the overwhelming majority of Curia members were faithful, competent and some saintly. Later, in a separate meeting with lay Vatican employees and their families, Francis asked forgiveness for the failings of some Church officials.  He spoke hours before the funeral of Cardinal Bernard Law, the ex-Archbishop of Boston who resigned in disgrace after covering up years of sexual abuse of children by priests and whose name became a byword for scandal in the Catholic Church. ",1
11610,Turkish President calls UAE minister impertinent in Ottoman looting row,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan described the United Arab Emirates foreign minister as impertinent and spoiled by money on Thursday after he retweeted accusations that Ottoman forces looted the holy city of Medina during World War One. Without naming him, Erdogan said UAE Foreign Minister Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed Al Nahayan - who shared a tweet accusing Ottoman troops led by Fakhreddin Pasha of stealing money and manuscripts from Medina in 1916 - was ignorant.  Some impertinent man sinks low and goes as far as accusing our ancestors of thievery ... What spoiled this man? He was spoiled by oil, by the money he has,  Erdogan told an awards ceremony at his Ankara palace.  When my ancestors were defending Medina, you impudent (man), where were yours? First, you have to give account for this,  he added.  The United Arab Emirates, a close U.S. ally, sees Erdogan s Islamist-rooted ruling party as a friend of Islamist forces the UAE opposes across the Arab world. Relations were further strained by Ankara s support for Qatar after Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Bahrain and Egypt imposed sanctions on the Gulf emirate in June. Two months later, Sheikh Abdullah criticized what he called Turkey and Iran s  colonial  actions in Syria, though Turkey and the UAE have both opposed Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. Medina, now part of Saudi Arabia, was under Ottoman rule until the empire s collapse at the end of World War One. On Wednesday, Erdogan said Fakhreddin Pasha, who led the Ottoman forces, had not stolen from Medina or its people but strived to protect the city - where the Prophet Muhammad was buried - and its occupants during a time of war.  Believe me, this man who insulted us, who disrespected us, wouldn t even know what the holy relics are. They are ignorant like this,  Erdogan said.  ",1
11611,UAE diplomat summoned by Turkish ministry over Ottoman tweet,"ANKARA (Reuters) - A Turkish foreign ministry official said on Thursday the United Arab Emirates charge d affaires was summoned to the ministry over comments about an Ottoman commander retweeted by the UAE foreign minister. Foreign Minister Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed Al Nahayan retweeted on Saturday accusations that Ottoman forces stole goods from the holy city of Medina during World War One, saying those people were Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan s ancestors. ",1
11612,U.N.'s de Mistura: Next Syria peace talks in Geneva in January,MOSCOW (Reuters) - U.N. special envoy on Syria Staffan de Mistura said on Thursday he planned to organize a next round of Syrian peace talks in Geneva in the second half of January. De Mistura was speaking in Moscow at a news conference after holding talks with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov.  De Mistura told Lavrov that the last round of peace talks had gone badly. ,1
11613,Ukraine MPs vote to withdraw law to spur creation of anti-corruption court,"KIEV (Reuters) - The Ukrainian parliament voted on Thursday to withdraw a law on the creation of an anti-corruption court, paving the way for the submission of a new law more in line with demands from backers, including the International Monetary Fund. Slow progress establishing an independent court to deal with corruption cases has been one of the main obstacles to the disbursement of loans under a $17.5 billion aid-for-reforms program from the Fund. President Petro Poroshenko has promised to submit a draft law to set up such a court, but first parliament needed to vote to withdraw a similar bill that did not meet recommendations by a leading European rights watchdog. The motion was backed by 235 lawmakers, slightly more than the 226 required to pass. A government source told Reuters the president would submit the new law to parliament by the end of this week.  The IMF and Ukraine s other foreign backers have repeatedly called for Ukraine to improve efforts to root out graft. They see an anti-corruption court as an essential tool for eliminating the power of vested interests. MP Mustafa Nayyem criticized the president for the delays.  It took the presidential administration a whole year to develop this document,  he said in a post on Facebook.  They (the authorities) tried to convince the world that we have no use for it (a court). As a result of public accusations from foreign partners and the noise of street protests, they ve backed down,  he said. Earlier in December, Poroshenko emphasized his commitment to reform, responding to accusations that the Ukrainian authorities were deliberately sabotaging the anti-corruption fight. Establishing the court, sticking to gas price commitments and implementing sustainable pension reform are the key conditions Ukraine must meet to qualify for the next loan tranche of around $2 billion from the IMF. ",1
11614,France tells eastern Libyan military commander to respect U.N. talks,"BENGHAZI, Libya (Reuters) - France told eastern Libyan military commander Khalifa Haftar he needed to respect the U.N. peace process to stabilize the oil producer, Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said on Thursday.  I said there is no alternative (to the U.N. plan) for you,  Le Drian told reporters after meeting Haftar in Benghazi.  You need to put yourself at the service of your country.  ",1
11615,Turkey seizes largest ever haul of ancient statues and coins,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish police said on Thursday they had rescued thousands of artefacts dating back to Anatolian, Greek and Egyptian civilizations in the largest operation to combat smuggling of ancient treasures in the country s history. Among the items recovered were a golden queen s crown with an inscription of the Hellenistic god, Helios, a bust dedicated to Alexander the Great s conquest of India and a statue of a goddess dating back to the Hittite era 3,000 years ago. The 26,456 objects recovered also included Egyptian-origin statues and Phoenician-type teardrop vials.  The retrieved artefacts are... more valuable than the artefacts in the inventory of an average size museum,  Istanbul police said in a statement. For three months the investigation, dubbed  Operation Zeus , tracked the smuggling ring, which aimed to take the artefacts abroad and sell them to museums and collectors for millions of dollars, it said.  Six people involved in the ring were detained on Dec. 12 in Turkey s northwestern province of Duzce as they attempted to sell off some of their haul. Seven more were detained in four different provinces. ",1
11616,International reaction to arrest of Reuters reporters in Myanmar,"(Reuters) - Several countries, the United Nations and journalist groups are demanding the release of Reuters reporters Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo from detention in Myanmar.  The reporters were arrested on Dec. 12 after being invited to meet police officials on the outskirts of Yangon. They had worked on stories about a military crackdown in Rakhine state, scene of around 650,000 Rohingya Muslims fleeing to Bangladesh since August. Myanmar s Ministry of Information has said the reporters  illegally acquired information with the intention to share it with foreign media,  and released a photo of them in handcuffs. It said the reporters and two policemen faced charges under the British colonial-era Official Secrets Act, which carries a maximum prison sentence of 14 years, though officials said they have not been charged. Their exact whereabouts are not known.  We and their families continue to be denied access to them or to the most basic information about their well-being and whereabouts,  Reuters President and Editor-In-Chief Stephen J. Adler said in a statement calling for their immediate release.      Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo are journalists who perform a crucial role in shedding light on news of global interest, and they are innocent of any wrongdoing,  he said. Here are comments on their detention from governments, politicians, human rights groups and press freedom advocates around the world:   Two U.N. human rights experts called on Thursday for Myanmar to release the two reporters, saying it was putting Myanmar on a dangerous path by using the Official Secrets Act to criminalize journalism.  Journalism is not a crime. These detentions are another way for the Government to censor information about the military s role in Rakhine State and the humanitarian catastrophe taking place,  said Yanghee Lee and David Kaye, who are the U.N. special rapporteur on Myanmar and on freedom of expression respectively. - A spokeswoman for Norway s Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said on Wednesday:  Norway expects the Myanmar authorities to ensure the full protection of their rights and to release the journalists as quickly as possible.   - Human Rights Watch said the detentions appeared to be  aimed at stopping independent reporting of the ethnic cleansing campaign against the Rohingya.  Brad Adams, the group s Asia director, said,  Their secret, incommunicado detention lays bare government efforts to silence media reporting on critical issues.   - In Washington, the leading Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee called for their immediate release.  This is outrageous,  said Senator Ben Cardin.  It just brings back the memory of the horrible practices with the repressive military rule.  - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said last week the United States was  demanding their immediate release or information as to the circumstances around their disappearance.  On Tuesday, the State Department reiterated the U.S. demand for the reporters  immediate release. - Republican Thom Tillis and Democrat Chris Coons, leaders of the U.S. Senate Human Rights Caucus, said they were  gravely concerned  about the reporters  arrests and that press freedom was critical to ensuring accountability for violence against the Rohingya. Democratic congressman Ted Lieu, a member of the House of Representatives Foreign Affairs Committee, called the arrests  outrageous and a direct attack on press freedom.  - Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kano said in response to a question from a Reuters reporter on Tuesday,  Freedom of the press is extremely important, including in order to protect fundamental human rights. The Japanese government would like to watch (this matter) closely.  Tokyo-based Human Rights Now  called on Japan on Wednesday to take a stronger stance.  - The European Union urged Myanmar on Monday to release the reporters  as quickly as possible.  A spokeswoman for EU  foreign affairs chief Federica Mogherini said,  Freedom of the press and media is the foundation and a cornerstone of any democracy.  - U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said countries should do everything possible to secure the journalists  release and press freedom in Myanmar.  It is clearly a concern in relation to the erosion of press freedom in the country,  he said.  - Britain, Holland, Canada and Sweden have demanded the release of the Reuters reporters. Australia has expressed concern and Bangladesh has denounced the arrests.  - Vijay Nambiar, former special adviser on Myanmar to the U.N. Secretary-General, said in a statement to Reuters on Monday that the detentions had caused  widespread disappointment within and outside the country that is likely to further damage the international reputation and image of Myanmar, already under stress as a result of its handling of the Rakhine crisis.  - President of the European Parliament Antonio Tajani called on Myanmar to protect media freedoms and release the reporters. - The International Commission of Jurists (ICJ) called on Myanmar to immediately disclose the reporters  whereabouts.  All detainees must be allowed prompt access to a lawyer and to family members,  Frederick Rawski, ICJ s Asia-Pacific Regional Director, said on Monday. - The Committee to Protect Journalists said the arrests were  having a grave impact on the ability of journalists to cover a story of vital global importance . - Reporters Without Borders said there was no justification for the arrests and the charges being considered against the journalists were  completely spurious . - Advocacy group Fortify Rights demanded Myanmar  immediately and unconditionally release the Reuters journalists.  - Myanmar s Irrawaddy online news site called on Dec. 14 for the journalists  release in an editorial headlined  The Crackdown on the Media Must Stop.  It said  it is an outrage to see the Ministry of Information release a police record photo of reporters handcuffed   as police normally do to criminals   on its website soon after the detention. It is chilling to see that MOI has suddenly brought us back to the olden days of a repressive regime.  - The Southeast Asian Press Alliance said the journalists were  only doing their jobs in trying to fill the void of information on the Rohingya conflict.   - The Protection Committee for Myanmar Journalists, local reporters who have demonstrated against prosecutions of journalists, decried the  unfair arrests that affect media freedom .  - The Foreign Correspondents  Club of Myanmar said it was  appalled  by the arrests and  gravely concerned  about press freedom in Myanmar.  - The Foreign Correspondents  Club in Thailand, Foreign Correspondents  Association of the Philippines, Jakarta Foreign Correspondents  Club and Foreign Correspondents  Club of Hong Kong have issued statements supporting the journalists. ",1
11617,U.N. denies arrested Reuters reporters in Myanmar had given it information,"YANGON (Reuters) - Two Reuters reporters arrested in Myanmar had not passed any information to the United Nations, the world body said, rejecting a report published in domestic media which suggested that could be the reason for their detention. A report published online by the Irrawaddy magazine on Tuesday had cited an unnamed source  who has close ties with military intelligence  as saying that the two men had passed photographs obtained during their reporting on violence in the western state of Rakhine to the U.N. Asked about the report, U.N. spokesman Stephane Dujarric said on Wednesday:  We can confirm that Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo do not work for the United Nations and have not contacted the United Nations regarding the situation in Rakhine State.  Reuters also denied that Wa Lone, 31, and Kyaw Soe Oo, 27, who have been in detention since Dec. 12, had worked with the U.N. or any other organization.  We reject the assertion that Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo were working with any organization other than Reuters,  said a spokeswoman for the news agency, when asked about the Irrawaddy report.  They were engaged only in independent, unbiased reporting consistent with the Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.  A government spokesman was not immediately available for comment. Myanmar authorities have said the two journalists are being investigated over whether they violated the country s colonial-era Official Secrets Act. The act carries a maximum prison sentence of 14 years. The two journalists had worked on Reuters coverage of the crisis in Rakhine, where an estimated 655,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled from a fierce military crackdown on militants. A number of governments and human rights and journalist groups have criticized Myanmar s authorities for holding the pair incommunicado since their arrest, with no access to a lawyer, colleagues and family members.  A senior government spokesman said on Wednesday that the pair were in good health and had been well treated. The authorities have previously said that the arrest of the two men did not represent an attack on press freedom. ",1
11618,"Myanmar says probe of two Reuters journalists almost finished, court case to follow","YANGON (Reuters) - A spokesman for Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi said on Wednesday he had been informed that the police had almost completed their investigation of two Reuters journalists arrested over a week ago, after which a court case against them would begin. Zaw Htay said the two reporters, Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo, would then have access to a lawyer and be able to meet members of their families.  It will not be long. The investigation is almost done,  he said by telephone. The spokesman said the Ministry of Home Affairs and police told him on Tuesday that the two men were being detained in Yangon, were  in good condition  and had not been subjected to  illegal questioning.   A number of governments and human rights and journalist groups have criticized Myanmar s authorities for holding the pair incommunicado since their arrest, with no access to a lawyer, colleagues and family members. Asked if the police were respecting their human rights, Zaw Htay replied,  Yes, yes, I have told them not to do those things.   I told them to act according to the law. They guaranteed that they will act only according to the law,  said Zaw Htay, who was not more specific. Wa Lone, 31, and Kyaw Soe Oo, 27, have been in detention since Dec. 12. There have been no details on where they were being held as authorities proceeded with an investigation into whether they had violated the country s colonial-era Official Secrets Act. The act carries a maximum prison sentence of 14 years. The two journalists had worked on Reuters coverage of a crisis in the western state of Rakhine, where an estimated 655,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled from a fierce military crackdown on militants.  The United States and the United Nations have described the campaign as ethnic cleansing of the stateless Rohingya people. The Myanmar military has said its own internal investigation had exonerated security forces of all accusations of atrocities in Rakhine.  The two journalists were arrested on Dec. 12 after they were invited to dine with police officers on the outskirts of Myanmar s largest city, Yangon.  The Ministry of Information said last week that they had  illegally acquired information with the intention to share it with foreign media . A number of major governments and political leaders, including the United States, Canada and Britain, and U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres, have called for the journalists  release. Human Rights Watch said on Wednesday that the detentions appeared to be  aimed at stopping independent reporting of the ethnic cleansing campaign against the Rohingya.   Their secret, incommunicado detention lays bare government efforts to silence media reporting on critical issues,  Brad Adams, the group s Asia director, said in a statement. Separately, the U.N. independent investigator into human rights in Myanmar said on Wednesday she had been told by the government that it would not cooperate with her or grant her access to the country for the rest of her tenure. Yanghee Lee, U.N. special rapporteur, said she had been due to visit in January to assess human rights, including allegations of abuses against Rohingya in Rakhine state.  This declaration of non-cooperation with my mandate can only be viewed as a strong indication that there must be something terribly awful happening in Rakhine, as well as in the rest of the country,  she said in a statement. Myanmar government and foreign ministry spokesmen were not immediately available for comment on the criticism from Human Rights Watch and on Lee s status. In Washington, the leading Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee called for the immediate release of the Reuters journalists.  This is outrageous,  said Senator Ben Cardin, who has introduced with 14 other lawmakers legislation that seeks  through targeted sanctions and visa restrictions to hold senior Myanmar military officials accountable for human rights abuses.\  It just brings back the memory of the horrible practices with the repressive military rule.  The Myanmar Press Council, some of whose members are government-appointed, told a news conference in Yangon that it would like to mediate in the case of the Reuters journalists. Thiha Saw, the council s secretary, told Reuters that the arrests were not aimed at muzzling the media.  I don t agree that this is to silence the voices of the journalists attempting to cover the Rakhine issue independently ... We don t want to generalize things,  he said. Critics have characterized the arrests as an attack on press freedom in the former Burma and, although this is not a view widely held in Myanmar, about one-third of the roughly 100 journalists at the news conference were dressed in black as a protest against the detention of the Reuters reporters.  Myanmar has seen rapid growth in independent media since censorship imposed under the former junta was lifted in 2012. Rights groups were hopeful there would be further gains in press freedoms after Nobel peace laureate Suu Kyi came to power last year amid a transition from full military rule that had propelled her from political prisoner to elected leader. However, advocacy groups say that freedom of speech has eroded since she took office, with many arrests of journalists, restrictions on reporting in Rakhine state and heavy use of state-run media to control the narrative.  If the government continues to ratchet up the pressure on the independent press, media freedom in Aung San Suu Kyi s Burma will look a lot more like the media repression during the military junta,  Human Rights Watch s Adams said. Myo Nyunt, deputy director for Myanmar s Ministry of Information, told Reuters on Saturday that the case against Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo had nothing to do with press freedom, and said journalists have  freedom to write and speak.  ",1
11619,Myanmar says two Reuters journalists remanded in custody,"YANGON (Reuters) - The two Reuters journalists who were detained in Myanmar on Dec. 12 have appeared in court and been remanded in custody, a police spokesman said on Thursday.  Yes, they were sent to the court,  said police colonel Myo Thu Soe.  The remand has already been obtained. The case is under the Burma State Secrets Act ... so, for now, they are not allowed to meet with anyone and they are being investigated.  Reporters Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo have been in detention for nine days with no detail on where they are being held. They have not had access to visitors or lawyers. Pan Ei Mon, Wa Lone s wife, said she was told by police on Thursday that both journalists were well and she was allowed to leave food and clothes for them. The authorities are investigating whether they violated the country s colonial-era Official Secrets Act, which carries a maximum prison sentence of 14 years. The two journalists had worked on Reuters coverage of a crisis in the western state of Rakhine, where an estimated 655,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled from a fierce military crackdown on militants. The Ministry of Information said last week that Wa Lone, 31, and Kyaw Soe Oo, 27, had  illegally acquired information with the intention to share it with foreign media . A spokesman for Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi said on Wednesday that the police had almost completed their investigation, after which a court case would begin and the reporters would have access to a lawyer and be able to meet members of their families. The spokesman said he was told by the Ministry of Home Affairs and police that the two men were being detained in Yangon, Myanmar s largest city, were  in good condition  and had not been subject to  illegal questioning. A number of governments and human rights and journalist groups have criticized Myanmar s authorities for holding the pair incommunicado since their arrest, with no access to a lawyer, colleagues and family members. Myo Thu Soe, the police spokesman, said:  During the investigation by the police force, we are not torturing them nor doing anything that is not in line with human rights.  ",1
11620,British PM May says Russia trying to weaponize information,"WARSAW (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Thursday that Britain and Poland are concerned about Russian attempts to weaponise information.  We have agreed today to bolster our cooperation to counter Russian disinformation in the region .... we are both deeply concerned by Russia s attempts to weaponise information,  she told reporters during a visit to Poland.  The Kremlin is seeking to undermine the international rules-based system and it will not succeed.  ",1
11621,No clean sweep for South Africa's Ramaphosa in ANC race,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - Cyril Ramaphosa may have won the race to be leader of the African National Congress, but he failed to decisively wrest control of South Africa s ruling party from President Jacob Zuma. Zuma s faction retains influence in the ANC s incoming National Executive Committee (NEC) and was felt in conference debates on divisive policies such as land expropriation and nationalization. Ramaphosa s incomplete victory could stymie his chances of tackling entrenched corruption and implementing reforms to kickstart economic growth, tasks which he placed at the center of his campaign for the ANC s top job. It also lessens his chances of ousting Zuma from the state presidency before his second term ends in 2019. That could disappoint investors who have bet heavily that Ramaphosa, a 65-year-old former trade union leader and millionaire businessman, will be able to turn around Africa s most industrialized economy. The rand currency has been volatile since Ramaphosa s election, as investors continue to assess how much clout he wields.  Because Ramaphosa does not have a strong majority in the NEC and because of the lingering presence of Zuma loyalists, he will not be able to drive his own agenda,  said Darias Jonker, director for Africa at Eurasia Group. Zuma s decade in power has badly tarnished the ANC s image at home and abroad as growth slowed to a near-standstill. He has survived several votes of no confidence, and analysts say he has cemented his control over the ANC by using political patronage. The ANC s new NEC, announced in the early hours of Thursday, is split roughly 50-50 between the Ramaphosa and Zuma factions. The party s  top six  most powerful officials, announced on Monday, are also split down the middle. Zuma said on Thursday that  there was no winner or loser in the election of leaders  at the ANC conference. Were Ramaphosa to try to force Zuma from office, he would need to secure the support of the NEC, which includes his main rival in the ANC race, former cabinet minister Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, Zuma s ex-wife and preferred successor. Others on the NEC include prominent Zuma lieutenants Finance Minister Malusi Gigaba and Energy Minister David Mahlobo, who would defend the 75-year-old leader to the bitter end. The two most controversial policy resolutions adopted at the ANC conference on Wednesday called for land expropriation without compensation and nationalization of the central bank. Both those policies were most vociferously backed by Dlamini-Zuma. The expropriation of land from white farmers in neighboring Zimbabwe had a devastating impact on food production and any mention of nationalization in South Africa is enough to spook investors, since left-wing elements of the ANC have also called for mines and banks to be state-owned. A senior ANC source told Reuters the Ramaphosa camp would try to ensure that the shift to full state ownership of the Reserve Bank would go no further than the resolution adopted at the conference.  The Reserve Bank said that changing its ownership structure could raise the level of uncertainty in the economy and would be costly. Land expropriation without compensation is also unlikely to become the norm soon, but the fact that the ANC called for the constitution to be amended as a step in that direction could dent already weak investor confidence.  This kind of rhetoric will now have to inform Ramaphosa s speeches and perpetuate concerns over property rights at a time when the economy needs exactly the opposite signals,  said Anne Fruhauf, an analyst at consultancy Teneo. Land is especially emotive in South Africa, where the ANC is under pressure to address gaping racial inequality more than two decades after the end of white minority rule. The opposition Democratic Alliance on Thursday criticized the ANC s call for land expropriation, saying it failed to address the broader issues of property rights for poor South Africans and government mismanagement of existing land programs. The debate over land was so heated among ANC members on Wednesday that a delegate said a fight broke out, and a party official said it nearly caused the conference to collapse. Jonker at Eurasia Group said ANC policies were always more populist and left-leaning than what was eventually implemented by government. ",1
11622,Borussia Dortmund bomb suspect stands trial for attempted murder,"DORTMUND (Reuters) - A German-Russian man suspected of detonating three bombs targeting the Borussia Dortmund soccer team bus in a plan to profit from a plunging share price appeared in a German court on Thursday charged with 28 counts of attempted murder. The team was heading to the club s stadium for a Champions League match against AS Monaco on April 11 when the explosions went off, wounding Spanish defender Marc Bartra and delaying the match by a day. Letters left at the scene had initially suggested Islamist militants were behind the bomb attack, but prosecutors later said the 28-year old suspect, a dual German and Russian national identified as Sergei V., was motivated by greed. The attack near the Signal Iduna Park stadium, the largest in Germany, holding more than 80,000 fans, nonetheless revived memories at the time of the November 2015 attacks in Paris that targeted entertainment venues including the Stade de France where France were playing Germany in a soccer friendly. The start of the trial also comes only days after the anniversary of a deadly truck attack at a Berlin Christmas market, which killed 12 people and put the issue of security at the heart of political debate in Germany. Sergei V., who was led into a courtroom at the Dortmund regional court in handcuffs on Thursday, may face a life sentence in prison if he is found guilty. No plea was entered. In addition to the attempted murder charges, he is accused of inflicting grievous bodily harm and of causing an explosion. Prosecutors have said that he bought about 44,000 euros ($52,000) worth of options on the day of the attack entitling him to sell shares in Borussia Dortmund at a pre-determined price.  His goal was allegedly to push the price of the shares down through the attack and earn a high profit of around 500,000 euros through the options,  a spokesman for the regional court in Dortmund said. But shares in BVB rose after the attack and are up 16 percent so far this year.     Defence lawyer Carl Heydenreich declined to comment on the allegations against his client on Thursday, saying the matter was complicated by what he said was a  smear campaign  ahead of the trial. The Dortmund court has set trial dates through March for now. ",1
11623,Borussia Dortmund bomb suspect stands trial for attempted murder,"DORTMUND (Reuters) - A German-Russian man suspected of detonating three bombs targeting the Borussia Dortmund soccer team bus in a plan to profit from a plunging share price appeared in a German court on Thursday charged with 28 counts of attempted murder. The team was heading to the club s stadium for a Champions League match against AS Monaco on April 11 when the explosions went off, wounding Spanish defender Marc Bartra and delaying the match by a day. Letters left at the scene had initially suggested Islamist militants were behind the bomb attack, but prosecutors later said the 28-year old suspect, a dual German and Russian national identified as Sergei V., was motivated by greed. The attack near the Signal Iduna Park stadium, the largest in Germany, holding more than 80,000 fans, nonetheless revived memories at the time of the November 2015 attacks in Paris that targeted entertainment venues including the Stade de France where France were playing Germany in a soccer friendly. The start of the trial also comes only days after the anniversary of a deadly truck attack at a Berlin Christmas market, which killed 12 people and put the issue of security at the heart of political debate in Germany. Sergei V., who was led into a courtroom at the Dortmund regional court in handcuffs on Thursday, may face a life sentence in prison if he is found guilty. No plea was entered. In addition to the attempted murder charges, he is accused of inflicting grievous bodily harm and of causing an explosion. Prosecutors have said that he bought about 44,000 euros ($52,000) worth of options on the day of the attack entitling him to sell shares in Borussia Dortmund at a pre-determined price.  His goal was allegedly to push the price of the shares down through the attack and earn a high profit of around 500,000 euros through the options,  a spokesman for the regional court in Dortmund said. But shares in BVB rose after the attack and are up 16 percent so far this year.     Defence lawyer Carl Heydenreich declined to comment on the allegations against his client on Thursday, saying the matter was complicated by what he said was a  smear campaign  ahead of the trial. The Dortmund court has set trial dates through March for now. ",1
11624,A hard knock life for London's rough sleepers,"LONDON (Reuters) - Outside London s Piccadilly theater where tickets cost up to 110 pounds and a banner advertising the musical  Annie  reads  It s a hard knock life , Bryan and Kevin sleep in small tents on the street.  They are among almost 1,000 people who sleep rough in the British capital, according to official figures, while more than 4,000 are on the streets across the country every night. Bryan, 51, who last year nearly died from pneumonia, became homeless after personal problems led him to drink and drugs.  It s worse than it used to be right now, but I think it s down to a lot of things,  he says.  The way people are now - everything is going up and costing more and then the other stuff, services and care, humanity, it s going down.  There is wide agreement that the problem has become worse in the last seven years, leading to criticism of the Conservative government s approach and accusations that its austerity policies, including changes to welfare payments for housing, are partly to blame. In a report this week, parliament s Public Accounts Committee (PAC) called the extent of homelessness across England  a national crisis .  The latest official figures hammer home the shameful state of homelessness in England and the abject failure of the government s approach to addressing the misery suffered by many thousands of families and individuals,  PAC chairman Meg Hillier said. The charity Shelter estimates more than 300,000 people in Britain are homeless, a figure which has risen by 13,000 in a year. It says one in every 200 people in England are homeless and 128,000 children will be without a home this Christmas. Official figures show that there were 4,134 rough sleepers counted on a single night in autumn 2016, an increase of 134 percent since 2010 when there were fewer than 1,800.  All you really want is a gaff (place) of your own,  says Jimmy, who beds down in a subway near Waterloo Station.  People come from out of town into the city at Christmas - you make more money - so it s harder for us who are here all the time,  said Jimmy, 51, who originally hails from Glasgow in Scotland.     There is both a human and financial cost to the problem. The average age of death of someone who is rough-sleeping is 47 and people living on the street are 17 times more likely to be the victims of violence than those in settled accommodation.  I m getting to a point where I can t do it anymore, I m trying to save my money but it s hard,  said John, 19, one of a small group of men living under Waterloo Bridge.  Andrew, who now has a place to live but returns to hang out with his homeless friends under the bridge, recalls how he was offered drugs on his first night on the streets:  I said  no mate, I m not into that  and he said  It s a free trial, no strings.   While he has escaped the streets, Andrew is pessimistic about John s future.  He won t get himself off the streets, it s almost impossible without help,  he said.    As to the financial impact, the National Audit Office, parliament s spending watchdog, said local authorities had  spent 1.15 billion pounds ($1.54 billion) on homelessness services in 2015-16. NAO head Amyas Morse said in September the government s  recent performance in reducing homelessness therefore cannot be considered value for money.   The government has set a target of halving rough sleeping by 2022 and abolishing it by 2027. Last week, Prime Minister Theresa May told lawmakers the government would spend 500 million pounds on tackling homelessness and was putting in projects to tackle rough sleeping.  We do not want to see anybody who is homeless or anybody who is sleeping rough on our streets,  May said.  But critics say the Conservatives, who have been in power since 2010, have done little to find solutions and warn that the problem could get even worse.  We heard that over the next 10 years, if the current trajectory stays as it is, the 160,000 people who are homeless in a year could increase by 25 percent and the 9,100 people sleeping rough could rise by 76 percent,  the PAC report said. Meanwhile for some of those who have been homeless for a number of years, getting off the streets can be difficult, especially for those battling drug additions. One of those is Bryan outside the Piccadilly Theatre. Despite his problems, he says he refuses to take any money from children, recalling how one girl recently tried to give him her pocket money.   Afterwards I sat and I cried,  he said. ",1
11625,India pledges $25 million for Myanmar's Rakhine to help refugees return,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India will provide Myanmar with $25 million for development projects including prefabricated houses in troubled Rakhine state to enable the return of Rohingya Muslims who have fled the area, the foreign ministry said on Thursday. More than 600,000 Rohingya have escaped to Bangladesh after attacks by insurgents on Myanmar security forces in August triggered a military crackdown that the United Nations has called ethnic cleansing.  The international community demands the Rohingya be allowed to go home in safety, and Bangladesh and Myanmar have begun talks on repatriation, but huge doubts remain about the Rohingya ever being able to return in peace to rebuild homes and till fields. India, which is concerned about the influx of the refugees into its territory, has stressed economic development of the Rakhine region as a way to help lower tensions.  Foreign Secretary Subrahmanyam Jaishankar held talks with Myanmar leaders on Wednesday and signed a memorandum of understanding to support development of Rakhine and help create jobs.   This is intended to help the Government of Myanmar achieve its objective of restoration of normalcy in Rakhine State and enable the return of displaced persons,  the Indian foreign ministry said in a statement.  Under this MoU, Government of India proposes to take up, among others, a project to build prefabricated housing in Rakhine State so as to meet the immediate needs of returning people.   India will spend $25 million over the next five years on development of the impoverished region, foreign ministry spokesman Raveesh Kumar said.  Besides housing, the proposals include building schools, healthcare facilities and building bridges and roads.  India has been trying to promote economic cooperation with Myanmar to try to push back against China s expansive involvement in infrastructure development across south Asia.  Beijing has also stepped into the Rohingya crisis and proposed a three-phase plan including a ceasefire, bilateral talks and then tackling poverty long-term. ",1
11626,Critics accuse UK government of not taking Brexit preparations seriously enough,"LONDON (Reuters) - Pro-European campaigners accused ministers of failing to take preparations for Brexit seriously enough on Thursday, after a committee of lawmakers published the government s sector-by-sector analysis on the impact of leaving the European Union. The analyses have become a focal point for critics of the government s approach to Brexit since last year s referendum vote to leave. The government revealed in October the 58 economic sectors  it had analyzed to help it prepare for leaving, but refused requests to publish them. Brexit minister David Davis said the reports contained  excruciating detail  and that their publication could undermine negotiations with the EU. However, lawmakers demanded to see the papers and used an unusual parliamentary procedure to compel the government to hand them over to a parliamentary committee. The committee published them on Thursday, but with some sensitive sections redacted.  There is little or nothing in them that couldn t be learned from the annual reports of different trade bodies,  said Pat McFadden, a member of the committee and spokesman for the Open Britain campaign group.  Breezy busking won t cut it when people s jobs and livelihoods are on the line. Winging it should not be a matter of principle,  the opposition Labour Party lawmaker said.  Since his initial remarks, Davis has stressed that the work does not constitute a formal impact assessment - a detailed document setting out the economic implications of policy decisions. He said earlier this month that it was too soon for such work to have been conducted.  The documents released on Thursday cover sectors from asset management to tourism, describing each sector, the current EU regulatory regime and a summary of how trade is conducted in these areas. A section entitled  sector views  was redacted by the committee. Non-profit organization The Energy and Climate Intelligence Unit, which has previously warned of the risks posed by leaving the EU, also criticized the documents.  What leaps out at you is the total absence of analysis. Search, and you do not find,  said the organization s director Richard Black.  ",1
11627,Macron's presidential jet plan hits bad-publicity turbulence,"PARIS (Reuters) - Plans to buy a new presidential jet for France s Emmanuel Macron could be held up because of a controversy sparked by his prime minister, who hired a private plane for 350,000 euros ($416,000) to fly home from Japan. Business paper La Tribune said news of Edouard Philippe s costly Japan-to-Paris charter had come at a bad time, with Macron   who has campaigned against wasteful spending   about to decide on a new presidential plane. France s equivalent of Air Force One is an old Airbus A330 that was bought second-hand 10 years ago and given a luxury refit for use by Nicolas Sarkozy, whose penchant for high-living earned him the nickname  President Bling Bling . At Macron s office, an official played down the jet issue, saying a new purchase was being considered before he took office in May and that the government was waiting for a report on the matter before making a decision.  That will take a few weeks and when it s done we will assess all options for improving travel arrangements for the president and government,  an Elysee official told Reuters. Macron has a similar PR problem to Sarkozy in a country where ostentatious displays of wealth are frowned upon: opinion polls show many voters feel the former investment banker is overly pandering to the rich, pointing to his scrapping of a wealth tax and lowering of subsidies for public housing. Macron, who turned 40 on Thursday, drew criticism early in his presidency after it emerged he had spent 26,000 euros on makeup in his first 100 days in office. There were further brickbats this week after he celebrated his birthday in the grounds of a famed Loire chateau. Aside from the bad timing, the acquisition of a new presidential jet raises another delicate issue. The bill   at least $100 million but possibly double that   is likely to be paid from the defense budget. France s army chief abruptly quit in July following a row over budget cuts, forcing Macron to say the cuts were a one-off and that increases were planned in the years ahead. The plane bought for Sarkozy cost 176 million euros once it was fitted with a presidential bedroom, a soundproofed meeting room, kitchen, scrambled communications technology and various other medical and emergency capabilities. While Airbus declined to comment on any new order, a plane of the kind mooted for Macron, an Airbus A319neo, has a list price of $99.5 million. It could cost more than double that if the refit ordered for Sarkozy is anything to go by.  But it would at least provide the president and seven staff with the ability to fly 12,500 km, or up to 15 hours, non-stop, reaching most of the world s capitals in a single journey.    ",1
11628,Moscow says it was London's decision to scale back UK-Russia dialogue,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The decision to scale back British-Russian dialogue was a groundless and untimely decision by London, Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said on Thursday, on the eve of British foreign minister Boris Johnson s visit to Moscow. Johnson s visit on Dec. 22 for talks with his Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov to discuss international security issues will be the first visit to Russia by a British foreign minister in five years. ",1
11629,French foreign minister visits Libya in new push for U.N. talks,"TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Libya s rival factions should stick to a United Nations peace process and prepare for elections in spring 2018, French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said on Thursday, trying to give stalled U.N. talks a new push. The North African country has two rival governments, one in the east and a U.N.-backed administration in the capital Tripoli in the west, in a conflict stemming from the overthrow of Muammar Gaddafi in 2011. France was a leading player in the NATO intervention against Gaddafi, sending warplanes to bomb his forces. The United Nations launched a new round of talks in September in Tunis between the rival factions to prepare for presidential and parliamentary elections in 2018, but they broke off after one month.  I noted the desire from the Prime Minister (Fayez al-Seraj) to stick to the calendar. We have a total convergence of views to implement this agenda,  Le Drian said after meeting the Tripoli-based prime minister in the Libyan capital. Drian will later fly to the eastern city of Benghazi to meet the powerful eastern military commander Khalifa Haftar, who on Sunday called the U.N.-backed government and peace process obsolete. The U.N. talks had stumbled over the question of what role Haftar should play. He indicated on Sunday he wants to run as presidential candidate. Haftar remains popular among Libyans in the east who are weary of the chaos, but faces opposition in western Libya. The eastern-based House of Representatives on Tuesday widened divisions between east and west by approving a new central bank governor. The bank s Tripoli headquarters and U.N.  rejected the move. Le Drian said a political deal would help solve crisis of thousands of illegal migrants stuck in detention centers in Libya where human rights groups said they often face abuse. Libyan officials deny this but say they are overwhelmed with a flood of migrants. Libya is to main departure point for illegal migrants heading for Europe by boat. ",1
11630,Suspect in London Finsbury Park mosque attack pleads not guilty,"LONDON (Reuters) - A 48-year-old man from Wales pleaded not guilty on Thursday to terrorism-related murder and attempted murder after he allegedly drove a van at Muslims outside a mosque in Finsbury Park, London in June, leaving one worshipper dead and 11 injured. Darren Osborne, a father of four from Cardiff, denied the charges during a hearing at the Old Bailey central criminal court. His trial will start on Jan. 22 at Woolwich Crown Court in London. ",1
11631,Hariri says Gulf states not planning measures against Lebanon,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri said on Thursday Gulf Arab countries were planning no action against Lebanon after a political crisis last month thrust it onto the front line of rivalry between Saudi Arabia and Iran.  Hariri has been a political ally of Saudi Arabia but his coalition government includes Lebanon s powerful Shi ite Muslim Hezbollah group, an ally of Shi ite Iran and sworn enemy of Sunni Muslim Riyadh.  Last month s political crisis, sparked when Hariri announced his resignation while in Saudi Arabia, raised fear in Lebanon that Riyadh and its Gulf allies would take economic action against the tiny Mediterranean country.  In an interview broadcast from Riyadh before he returned to Lebanon and rescinded his resignation, Hariri warned of possible Gulf sanctions on Lebanon and of a threat to the livelihood of Lebanese workers in Gulf states.  His remarks on Thursday seemed aimed at reassuring that no such action was in the cards.  This is not going to happen. I assure you we have the best relationship with Saudi Arabia, we have a very good relationship with the UAE, and most of the Gulf,  he said at a business conference.      The Gulf has a problem with one political party in Lebanon and does not have a problem with the whole of Lebanon,  Hariri added, alluding to Hezbollah.  ",1
11632,Russia says Kiev's belligerence forced its observers to quit east Ukraine,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian military observers had to pull out of a joint ceasefire control group due to Kiev s determination to solve the crisis in the rebel-held eastern regions of the country by force, a spokesman for Russian Foreign Ministry said on Thursday. Earlier this week, the ministry said it was recalling officers serving at the Joint Centre for Control and Coordination in Ukraine, accusing the Ukrainian side of obstructing their work and limiting access to the front line. Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova also said on Thursday that the United States encouraged the resumption of large-scale bloodshed in eastern Ukraine by Washington s approval of lethal arms sales to Ukrainian army. ",1
11633,Czech far-right party says will not support new government,"PRAGUE (Reuters) - The Czech far-right Freedom and Direct Democracy party (SPD) said on Thursday it would not support a new minority government formed by the ANO party leader Andrej Babis, making it more likely the government will lose a confidence vote next month. If Babis loses, he will stay in power as caretaker while another coalition arrangement is sought. Given ANO s strength, however, it is almost impossible to form a government without it.  SPD leader Tomio Okamura told a news conference his party had led talks with ANO and while there were some common points on program, there were also many differences and SPD had objections to several ministers.  We told them we will not support this government,  Okamura told reporters. He said ANO refused to back its plan to legislate a referendum law allowing to vote on leaving the European Union, one of SPD s campaign calls.  Running on an anti-establishment platform and pledges to improve management of public affairs, ANO won 78 out of 200 seats in the lower house of parliament in an October election. But it has failed to find any coalition partners or support for its minority government among the other eight factions in parliament. Only the far-left Communists, with 15 seats, have not ruled out supporting the government.  The SPD, with 22 seats, had supported ANO in a number of votes, raising the possibility that it might also in the end vote for the cabinet. The fresh rejection to back the cabinet makes Babis s success less likely. Under the EU and NATO member country s constitution, Babis has to call a confidence vote by mid-January. Several parties - including SPD but also ANO s coalition partners in the previous cabinet, the Social Democrats and the Christian Democrats   have indicated they may be open to discussions on supporting an ANO-led government in the second round if Babis s first attempt fails. The main objection to Babis is a police investigation into alleged fraud Babis is suspected of in tapping a 2 million euro EU subsidy for a conference center outside Prague a decade ago.  Babis denies any wrongdoing. Parliament is expected to vote in January whether to lift his immunity and allow police to prosecute him. Parties also criticise Babis for conflicts of interests he has as a politician and a billionaire owner of over 25o firms in chemicals, farming, media and other sectors. ",1
11634,"Myanmar says still working with U.N., wants a rights investigator who is fair","YANGON (Reuters) - Myanmar wants to continue working with the United Nations on human rights but its investigator must be fair, the foreign ministry said on Thursday, a day after special rapporteur Yanghee Lee was barred from visiting the country.  Myanmar is still cooperating with the special rapporteur mechanism,  said Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Kyaw Moe Tun.  But Ms Yanghee Lee s undertakings don t have impartiality and objectivity,  he said, adding that Myanmar had asked the United Nations to replace her with someone who knows Myanmar well and is both fair and impartial. Lee had been due to visit Myanmar next month to assess human rights across the country, including alleged abuses against Rohingya Muslims in Rakhine State, but on Wednesday she said she    had been barred from visiting for the rest of her tenure. She called for stronger international pressure to be exerted on Myanmar s military and said in a statement that the ban suggested something  terribly awful  was happening in the country. More than 650,000 Rohingya have fled into Bangladesh since Aug. 25, when attacks by Muslim insurgents on the Myanmar security forces triggered a sweeping counter-offensive by the army and Buddhist vigilantes.  Surveys of Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh by aid agency Medecins Sans Frontieres have shown at least 6,700 Rohingya were killed in Rakhine state in the month after violence flared up on Aug 25, the aid group said last week. The U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein has called the violence  a textbook example of ethnic cleansing  and said he would not be surprised if a court eventually ruled that genocide had taken place.  Myanmar has rejected accusations of ethnic cleansing, blaming most of the violence and torching of Rohingya villages on the Rohingya insurgents who attacked the security forces. Lee had planned to use her visit to find out procedures for the return of Rohingya refugees, and to investigate increased fighting in Kachin State and Shan State in northern Myanmar, where the army is battling autonomy-seeking ethnic minority insurgents. Kyaw Moe Tun, who is director general of the foreign ministry s International Organizations and Economic Department, said a statement released by Lee after her last visit in July  was not objective and not impartial .  If she comes again and does that, it is not easy to cooperate with us and have a positive attitude,  he said. Lee said in July that activists and journalists continued to be followed and questioned by state surveillance agents, and that her visit was beset by official snooping and access restrictions. The office of Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi said at the time that it was  disappointed  with Lee s end-of-mission statement, which contained  many sweeping allegations and a number of factual errors . It did not give any details and did not directly address the issues of access or surveillance. ",1
11635,Russia spurns U.S. allegations it violates nuclear arms pact,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - U.S. allegations that Russia is breaking its Cold War-era Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty with Washington lack evidence and are speculative, Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said on Thursday. ",1
11636,Russia: Syria opposition sabotages Geneva talks to ruin proposed national congress: TASS,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Syria s opposition is sabotaging the Geneva peace talks in a bid to ruin Russia s preparations for a planned congress of national dialogue in Syria, the TASS news agency cited Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova as saying on Thursday. ",1
11637,Russian Foreign Ministry says latest U.S. sanctions are 'grotesque',"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The latest U.S. sanctions imposed on five Russians and Chechens  are grotesque and groundless, and Moscow will hit back with tit-for-tat sanctions, Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said on Thursday. The U.S. Treasury Department on Wednesday imposed the new sanctions on the five people, including on Chechen Republic head Ramzan Kadyrov, for alleged human rights abuses. ",1
11638,Lebanon's interior minister accuses Uber of not checking records,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s interior minister said on Thursday that Uber driver suspected of murdering a British embassy worker last week had served time in prison, and he accused the company of not checking criminal records of its drivers. The body of Rebecca Dykes was found strangled on Saturday next to a highway outside Beirut. Police detained a suspect on Monday and said the crime was not politically motivated.  Minister Nohad Machnouk said the driver had three priors on his judicial record involving drugs and had been imprisoned on that basis.  This company, when it hires drivers, and lets them work within its organisation, does not check their priors , he said at a news conference.   An Uber spokesperson said all drivers the company uses in Lebanon are fully licensed by the government and must have a clear judicial record.  The spokesperson said a copy of the driver s judicial record published by local media, showing no judgments against the driver, was accurate. Uber confirmed in an email that he was a licensed taxi driver with a clean background check.  ",1
11639,Turkey seeks life sentences for 60 ex-military over 1997 'post-modern coup',"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Sixty people including a former military chief faced demands for life jail terms over a 1997 campaign of army pressure, known in Turkey as the  post-modern  coup, that toppled the country s first Islamist-led government, state media said on Thursday. Coups in 1960 and 1980 and a failed 2016 putsch involved overt army use of force, but the resignation of prime minister Necmettin Erbakan followed warnings and only a brief appearance of tanks in a provincial town. It is an action that has long rankled with current Islamist-rooted President Tayyip Erdogan.  In his final opinion on the case, the prosecutor said the army action, which did not result in any direct military rule, constituted a real coup attempt and could not be defined as  post-modern , broadcaster NTV reported. Among those facing life sentences are General Ismail Hakki Karadayi, 85, who was chief of general staff between 1994 and 1998, and his deputy at the time General Cevik Bir, state-run Anadolu news agency said. The investigation into the unseating of Erbakan, who led a coalition government, is one of a series of court cases that have targeted the formerly all powerful secularist military in recent years. The army s influence has been curbed drastically under  Erdogan, who first came to power in 2003 and who was a member of Erbakan s Welfare Party at the time of the government s ouster. A total of 103 people, mostly retired generals, had been named in the trial s 1,300-page indictment, accused of  overthrowing by force, and participating in the overthrow  of a government. While aggravated life sentences were sought for 60 defendants, the prosecutor asked for the acquittal of 39 other defendants, NTV reported. The four other defendants have died since the court case began in 2013. Last year, rogue soldiers commandeered warplanes, tanks and helicopters in a failed coup which killed 250 people and which Ankara has blamed on U.S.-based Islamic preacher Fethullah Gulen. He has denied involvement. Erbakan, who died in 2011, pioneered Islamist politics in Turkey, a Muslim country with a secular state system, paving the way for the later success of Erdogan s AK Party. ",1
11640,"Philippine ferry capsizes with 251 on board, four dead","MANILA (Reuters) - Four people were killed and seven were missing after a Philippine ferry with 251 people on board capsized during bad weather on Thursday near the capital, Manila, disaster officials and a coastguard spokesman said. Accidents involving boats sailing between the many islands of the Philippines are common. Vessels are often overloaded but the coastguard said that was not the case on Thursday and the ferry had the capacity to carry 286 people. A total of 240 people were rescued from the sea by fishermen and rescue boats sent out by the coastguard hours after the ferry capsized and sank, about eight miles off Real town in Quezon province.  Search and rescue operations will continue until all crew and passengers are accounted for,  said coastguard spokesman Captain Armand Balilo. Most of the rescued passengers were brought to Dinahican port. Two men and two women drowned, he said. The ferry set sail at around dawn from a port in Real. Survivors told reporters the weather turned bad three hours later with strong winds and huge waves. The ferry began taking in water and in minutes it capsized and sank, they said. Disaster officials said search and rescue operations were hampered by heavy rain and huge waves caused by a tropical storm affecting the southern Philippines. A tropical storm is expected to make landfall on the southern island of Mindanao late Thursday or early on Friday. The weather bureau has warned of extensive flooding and landslides as the storm, packing center winds of 65 kph (40 mph), approaches the Philippines.  ",1
11641,Police say suspicious package at Frankfurt Christmas market harmless,"FRANKFURT (Reuters) - A suspicious package that prompted an evacuation of a Christmas market in Frankfurt has turned out to be harmless, the city s police said on Twitter. Authorities said the package in question at Roemer square, the heart of the city s Christmas market, was a donation for the homeless.  Well intentioned, but poorly placed,  the police said on Twitter. The all clear came about 45 minutes after the evacuation was announced. ",1
11642,Kurdish-led Syrian groups plan to attend Sochi talks: officials,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Kurdish-led Syrian groups plan to attend Russia s proposed Syria peace talks in the Black Sea resort of Sochi, Kurdish officials have said. The Syria peace congress was originally scheduled for Nov. 18 but was postponed and the Kremlin said on Thursday that no new date had been set. If the invitation is renewed,  we will attend Sochi and every other meeting that concerns the Syrian crisis as representatives of the people s will  Sihanouk Depo, an official of Syria s main Kurdish party, PYD, told an affiliated website on Wednesday.  We are still invited,  Badran Jia Kurd, a senior Kurdish official, told Reuters on Thursday. If the framework for the congress still stands,  we will attend , said Jia Kurd, an adviser to the administration that governs Kurdish-led autonomous regions of Syria. It would mark the first time Syria s main Kurdish groups are brought into peace talks. Although they now run at least a quarter of Syria, they have so far been left out of international talks in line with Turkish wishes. Before the Sochi talks were postponed, the PYD said in November it had been invited and favored attending. Since the conflict erupted in 2011, the Syrian Kurdish YPG militia and its allies have carved out autonomous cantons in the north. The YPG spearheads the Syrian Democratic Forces, an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias fighting Islamic State militants with Washington s backing.  Their territorial grip has expanded since joining forces with the United States, though Washington opposes their autonomy plans.  Turkey views the PYD and the YPG as offshoots of the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), which has fought a decades-long insurgency inside Turkey. Last month, Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan s spokesman said Russia had told Ankara that the PYD would not be invited to the peace talks.    The Kurdish groups share enmities with both Syrian President Bashar al-Assad s government and with neighboring Turkey. This week, Assad described the U.S.-backed militias as  traitors . On Wednesday, in an interview with Iran s Arabic language Al-Alam television, Syria s deputy foreign minister Faisal Mekdad equated the Kurdish-led forces with Islamic State.  There is another Daesh called SDF,  he said, using the Arabic acronym for the militant group that until recently controlled swathes of territory in Iraq and Syria. In his interview on Wednesday, Depo said:  Any attack from the regime will be a failed venture.  ",1
11643,Chinese aircraft drill again in Western Pacific,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese military aircraft have again carried out drills in the Western Pacific, the Xinhua state news agency said on Thursday, with bombers and fighters from a South China Sea naval air arm exercising with warships. Chinese aircraft, most of them from the air force, have carried out increasing numbers of drills far from Chinese shores in the past few years, most recently focused on self-ruled Taiwan, claimed by China as its own, and near Japan.  Xinhua said dozens of aircraft, including bombers, fighters and early warning aircraft, drilled in the Western Pacific along with warships, but it did not give an exact location. The exercises were normal drills, part of annual plans, and accorded with international law and norms and were not aimed at any specific country or region, Xinhua said, citing the military. The exercises had no impact on freedom of navigation or overflight in the area, the news agency added. The participation of aircraft attached to the South China Sea fleet implies they could have flown over the disputed South China Sea, where China has been building airfields and other military facilities, some on artificial islands, unnerving the region. China claims most of the South China Sea, a strategic waterway through which $3 trillion worth of goods passes every year. Vietnam, the Philippines, Malaysia, Taiwan and Brunei all have overlapping claims. China has continued to install high-frequency radar and other facilities that can be used for military purposes on its man-made islands in the South China Sea, a U.S. think-tank said last week. [nL8N1OE7HR] ",1
11644,Suspects in Malta blogger's murder sent to trial,"VALLETTA (Reuters) - Three men accused of killing Maltese anti-corruption blogger Daphne Caruana Galizia were committed to trial on Thursday by a magistrate hearing preliminary evidence. Brothers George and Alfred Degiorgio and Vincent Muscat were arrested in early December on the strength of phone intercepts and accused of having killed Caruana Galizia in a carbomb as she drove out of her home on Oct. 16. In the Maltese judicial system, police have to present initial evidence to a magistrate, who decides whether there are sufficient grounds to press charges. On the third day of the preliminary hearing, Magistrate Claire Stafrace Zammit ruled that the three should be sent to trial. The trio have denied wrongdoing. Police told the court that George Degiorgio was sitting on a boat outside Valletta harbor when he sent an SMS to trigger the deadly bomb, which had been planted overnight in Caruana Galizia s hire car. Mobile phone data showed that Alfred Degiorgio and Muscat had repeatedly visited Caruana Galizia s home village Bidnija in the days before the blast.  Police believe they watched from a nearby vantage point as Caruana Galizia set out in her car and told George Degiorgio via telephone to detonate the device. Her death shocked Malta, the smallest nation in the European Union, which has been engulfed by a wave of graft scandals, including accusations of money laundering and influence peddling in government   all of which have been denied. Caruana Galizia exposed many of these cases, but had never written about the three suspects, who had fallen foul of local police in the past. The slain blogger s family say the mastermind behind the killing must still be at large. Malta s attorney general must now draw up precise charges against the Degiorgios and Muscat, and no trial date has been set. ",1
11645,Russia may widen designation for media outlets it deems 'foreign agents': Ifax,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia may decide to designate any media as  foreign agents  if they are financed by a foreign state or citizen, or by a Russian  organization that gets foreign financing, the Interfax news agency reported on Thursday. Interfax cited a draft regulation from the justice ministry. Russian President Vladimir Putin signed a law last month that allowed the authorities to designate foreign media outlets as  foreign agents  in response to what Moscow said was unacceptable U.S. pressure on Russian media. So far, it has been exclusively used to label media sponsored by the U.S. authorities as foreign agents, but the new regulation would appear to go further.   Under the existing law media branded  foreign agents  must provide any news they provide to Russians as the work of foreign agents and disclose their funding sources. ",1
11646,British PM May forces her deputy to resign over pornography scandal,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May forced her most senior minister, Damian Green, to resign for lying about whether he knew pornography had been found on computers in his parliamentary office. The resignation of one of May s closest political allies, who had helped pacify her deeply divided party, is a blow as she navigates the final year of tortuous negotiations ahead of Britain s exit from the European Union in March 2019. Green, who voted to stay in the EU, was appointed as first secretary of state just six months ago in a bid to shore up May s premiership following her disastrous bet on a June snap election that lost her party its majority in parliament. But Green s future was thrust into doubt when the Sunday Times newspaper reported last month that police in 2008 had found pornography on his office computers in the Houses of Parliament. In response, Green said the story was untrue. A review, requested by May and conducted by a senior government official, concluded that Green s statements which suggested he was not aware that indecent material had been found  on the computers, were  inaccurate and misleading.  The inquiry, a summary of which was distributed by May s Downing Street office, found he had breached rules governing the behavior of ministers because the police had told him about the indecent material.  I apologize that my statements were misleading on this point,  Green said in a letter to May.  I regret that I ve been asked to resign from the government.  Green, 61, said he did not download or view pornography on his parliamentary computers. He added that he should have been clearer about his statements after the story broke.  May said she had asked him to resign and accepted his resignation with deep regret. He is the most senior British politician to fall since the Harvey Weinstein sexual harassment scandal triggered a debate about a culture of abuse by some powerful men at the heart of Westminster. May s defense minister, Michael Fallon, quit last month for unspecified conduct which he said had fallen below required standards. Her aid minister resigned a week later after holding undisclosed meetings with Israeli officials. During the turmoil that followed the botched election, May turned to Green   a university friend from their days at Oxford   to stabilize her premiership and appease those within the Conservative Party who wanted her to quit. One of his key roles was to act as a conduit for disgruntled party members who felt they had been ignored in May s election campaign. He sought to help her to shed the image of a distant leader who only listens to those in her inner circle.  It s another blow for May but it is not deadly in any way at all,  said Anand Menon, professor of European politics at King s College London.  She has lost her soulmate in cabinet but this is not the end of Prime Minister May.    May is surviving not because of Damian Green but because there are sufficient MPs in her party who don t want to have a leadership election while Brexit is going on and that fundamental calculation has not changed,  he said. The internal investigation found that Green s conduct as a minister was generally  professional and proper  but found two statements he made on Nov. 4 and 11 to be inaccurate and misleading.  In the statements, Green suggested he was not aware that indecent material had been found on his computers. The inquiry said Green s statements had fallen short of the honesty requirements for those in public life and thus constituted breaches of the ministerial code of conduct. The allegations about pornography were publicly aired by former Metropolitan Police assistant commissioner Bob Quick, drawing a rebuke from the head of the London police, Cressida Dick, who said officers had a duty of confidentiality. May, who served as home secretary for six years before winning the top job, said she shared concerns about the comments made by the former police officer. Sexual abuse allegations against Hollywood producer Weinstein have prompted some women and men to share stories about improper behavior at the heart of British political power in Westminster. The internal investigation also addressed allegations, made by the daughter of a family friend, that Green had made an unwanted advance towards her during a social meeting in 2015, had suggested that this might further her career, and later had sent her an inappropriate text message. The report said it was not possible to reach a definitive conclusion on the appropriateness of Green s behavior in that instance, though the investigation found allegations to be plausible. Green said in his resignation letter that he did not recognize the account of events, but apologized to the woman, academic and critic Kate Maltby, for making her feel uncomfortable. ",1
11647,Kremlin says no firm date for Syria peace congress,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - There is no firm date yet for the much-discussed Syria peace congress, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Thursday. No one wants  to artificially accelerate  holding of the congress, Peskov told reporters on a conference call. ",1
11648,Kremlin: U.S. arms license for Kiev may trigger new bloodshed in east Ukraine,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The approval by the United States of an export license for Ukraine to buy certain light weapons and small arms from U.S. manufacturers may provoke  hotheads  among Ukrainian nationalists to seek to unleash a new bloodshed in eastern Ukraine, the Kremlin said on Thursday.  ",1
11649,"Food security in Middle East, North Africa deteriorating, says U.N. agency","CAIRO (Reuters) - Food security in the Middle East and North Africa is quickly deteriorating because of conflict in several countries in the region, the United Nations said on Thursday.  In those hardest hit by crises   Syria, Yemen, Iraq, Libya and Sudan   an average of more than a quarter of the population was undernourished, the U.N. s Food and Agriculture Organization said in its annual report on food security. A quarter of Yemen s people are on the brink of famine, several years into a proxy war between the Iran-aligned Houthis and the Saudi-backed government of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi that has caused one of the worst humanitarian catastrophes in recent times. The report focused on changes to food security and nutrition across the region since 2000. It said that undernourishment in countries not directly affected by conflict, such as most Gulf Arab states and most North African countries including Egypt, had slowly improved in the last decade. But it had worsened in conflict-hit countries.  The costs of conflict can be seen in the measurements of food insecurity and malnutrition,  the FAO s assistant director-general Abdessalam Ould Ahmed said.  Decisive steps towards peace and stability (need to be) taken.  Several countries in the region erupted into conflict following uprisings in 2011 that overthrew leaders in Tunisia, Egypt and Libya. Syria s civil war, which also began with popular demonstrations, has killed hundreds of thousands of people and made more than 11 million homeless. ",1
11650,"White, moldy and French: Russia's response to sanctions goes gourmet","VERKHNAYA PYSHMA/YEKATERINBURG, Russia (Reuters) - One thousand French goats have found a new home in Russia s Ural mountains as a local company bets on producing European-style cheeses no longer available for import. Russia banned the wholesale import of fresh food from the European Union, including dairy products, in response to sanctions imposed on Moscow after its 2014 annexation of Crimea.  But as images of steamrollers flattening illegally imported European cheeses were beamed across the country, Russian businesses were gearing up to fill the gap.  Investment in the production of sanctioned foodstuffs has grown, and in the Ural mountains the owners of mining company UMMC have added goats to their copper and coal assets. Iskandar Makhmudov and Andrey Kozytsin, both on the Forbes list of Russia s 100 richest people, are among UMMC s main shareholders.   Their company, UGMK-Agro, spent one million euros on trucking the Alpine goats 5,000 km from the Vendee region in France. Working out of a converted cowshed north of Yekaterinburg, it is aiming to be Russia s largest producer of white mold goat s cheese, a French delicacy. The company has invested 200 million rubles ($3.4 million)in cheese production and expects to turn a profit in six years.   For us, sanctions have of course played a positive role. We saw a gap in the market - not quite a deficit, but some room for maneuver,  Ilya Bondarev, CEO of UGMK-Agro, told Reuters.  With most Russians accustomed to semi-hard cheeses, part of the challenge will be encouraging buyers to try something new.   I m sorry but goat s cheese smells, and I don t like the taste of moldy cheeses,  said 30-year-old Alexander, a Yekaterinburg resident.  I prefer mozzarella and normal Russian cheeses, which remind me of my childhood,  he said. There is also the price. A kg of UGMK-Agro s B che-de-Ch vre cheese, sold under the  Coeur du Nord  brand, costs 2,200-2,500 rubles ($37-$43) versus 300-800 rubles per kg for standard Russian cheeses. UGMK-Agro plans to produce 500-700 kg of cheese a day by the spring of 2018.  We are launching in Moscow ... and are talking to distributors in St Petersburg,  Bondarev said.  But our main challenge is the creation of a local market.  ",1
11651,Indian court acquits all accused in 2G telecoms case,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - An Indian court on Thursday acquitted a former telecoms minister, politicians and business executives of graft and money laundering charges in the grant of telecoms licenses due to lack of evidence in one of the country s biggest corruption scandals. The case relates to alleged below-market-price sale of lucrative telecoms permits bundled with airwaves in 2008, which a federal auditor said may have cost the government as much as $28 billion in lost revenue. A special court convened by the federal investigator was called to give its verdict on the accused, including former telecoms minister A. Raja.  The prosecution has miserably failed to prove its charge,  defense lawyer Vijay Aggarwal told reporters, citing the judge s ruling. Shares of companies affected by the case rose after the verdict, with Reliance Communications Ltd gaining as much as 13.3 percent, DB Realty jumping nearly 20 percent and SUN TV Networks Ltd rising as much as 6.8 percent. The scandal dented the fortunes of then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and his government, which oversaw the sale of the licenses at below-market prices, and triggered street protests. It was one of the several scandals that emerged during Singh s second term, hobbling policymaking and diverting the government s attention away from pushing forward crucial economic reforms. The uncertainty hurt business sentiment in Asia s third-biggest economy, and led to questions about the government s efforts to crack down on corruption. In 2012, the Supreme Court ordered 122 licenses held by eight operators to be revoked, declaring the licenses illegal and the process  wholly arbitrary, capricious and contrary to public interest . ",1
11652,China jails 44 Taiwanese for fraud in case denounced by Taipei,"BEIJING/TAIPEI (Reuters) - A Beijing court on Thursday handed down jail sentences of up to 15 years to 85 people deported from Kenya for telecoms fraud, including 44 from self-ruled Taiwan, an island Beijing claims as its own which said vital evidence had been ignored. Over the past two years, countries including Kenya, Spain, Vietnam and Cambodia have deported hundreds of people from Taiwan to China for telecoms fraud, sparking accusations from Taipei that Beijing was effectively kidnapping its citizens. China has defended the deportations, saying the crimes were committed against people in China and that as Taiwan is a part of China. The Beijing court said in a statement that one of the Taiwanese, Chang Kai-min, had been jailed for 15 years for helping scam 185 people out of more than 29 million yuan ($4.4 million). Taiwan s China policy-making Mainland Affairs Council said Taiwan and China had initially agreed to cooperate in investigating the Kenya case, but China had gone back on its word. The outside world could only believe justice had been done if the case had fully considered all the evidence and gone through proper legal procedure, the council added.  In this case, we obtained intelligence on the criminal suspects behind the scenes,  it said.  We again call on the mainland China side to cooperate with our public security organs, investigate the origins and not allow the masterminds behind the scenes to get away with it.  On at least two occasions last year, Kenya deported groups of Taiwanese to China. In one case, a Kenyan magistrate said the Taiwanese should be repatriated to their place of origin, Taiwan, but the Kenyan government sent them to China. Kenya, like most countries, only has diplomatic relations with China. Beijing considers democratic Taiwan a wayward province, ineligible for formal ties with other nations. Chinese authorities have sought to contain an explosion of telecom crime it says has led to huge financial losses, with callers often impersonating officials or authority figures and preying on the elderly, students or the unemployed. The fraud has spread overseas, with Chinese speakers recruited in neighboring Taiwan increasingly setting up operations in East Africa or Southeast Asia. The deportations have come as relations between Beijing and Taipei have deteriorated, with China suspecting Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen of pushing for the island s formal independence. She says she wants to maintain peace with China but will defend Taiwan s security and democracy. ",1
11653,"Peru president, crying 'coup,' signals VPs would quit if he ousted","LIMA (Reuters) - Peru s President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski on Wednesday signaled both his vice presidents would resign if Congress forced him from office, calling an opposition bid to remove him a  coup  attempt that had to be resisted. The rightwing populist party that controls Congress, Popular Force, aims to oust Kuczynski in a vote on Thursday on grounds he is  morally unfit  to govern, after finding he once had business connections with a company at the center of Latin America s biggest graft scandal. Kuczynski, who denies anything improper or illegal, said Popular Force was misusing its majority to attempt a power grab.  The constitution and democracy are under attack. We re facing a coup dressed in supposedly legitimate legal interpretations,  he said in a late night speech on national television.  This is a conviction that my two vice presidents share, because neither wants to be part of a government born of an unjust and anti-democratic maneuver,  Kuczynski said. He was flanked by First Vice President Martin Vizcarra and Second Vice President Mercedes Araoz. If Kuczynski loses Thursday s congressional vote to remove him and his two vice presidents depart as well, new presidential and legislative elections would be called. A 79-year-old former Wall Street banker, Kuczynski has struggled to govern since winning last year s presidential election but only a small share of congressional seats for his center-right party. Popular Force says its efforts to remove him are well within the bounds of the constitution and key to its fight against corruption.  He simply doesn t care about the country,  Popular Force lawmaker Luz Salgado said after Kuczynski s address. Earlier this week, Salgado called for Vizcarra to govern the country through 2021, when Kucyznski s term ends. Vizcarra and Araoz both pledged their loyalty to the center-right president on Wednesday but declined to comment on whether that meant they would resign if he was removed from office. Araoz told Reuters on Sunday that she and Vizcarra would not quit. In recent days, Kuczynski s supporters have increasingly called for his vice presidents to refuse to replace him. They believe new elections would cost Popular Force its majority amid widespread contempt for elected officials as a graft scandal taints much of the country s political class. But investors worry a new ballot could sweep anti-establishment candidates to power in one of Latin America s most stable economies. Kuczynski s government does not think it will come to that, said a government source. It expects about a dozen opposition lawmakers to oppose the motion or abstain from voting, said the source, who spoke on condition of anonymity. Eighty-seven votes are needed to oust Kuczynski. Congress passed the motion to start  presidential vacancy  proceedings last week with 93 votes. On Wednesday, thousands of Peruvians marched in front of Congress to denounce what they saw as Popular Force s bid to exploit the crisis to sabotage country s democratic institutions, pointing to its recent efforts to also oust the attorney general and a justice in the Constitutional Court. Popular Force emerged from the rightwing populist movement started in the 1990s by former President Alberto Fujimori, who is serving a 25-year-sentence for graft and human rights crimes during his autocratic 1990-2000 government. The United States, where Kuczynski once held citizenship, said Peru was a  strong democracy.   We are confident that the Peruvian people and institutions will address this situation according to Peru s constitutional norms,  the U.S. State Department s Bureau of Western Hemisphere Affairs said. The political crisis stems from a disclosure by Brazilian builder Odebrecht [ODBES.UL], which has landed elites in jail from Colombia to the Dominican Republic since acknowledging bribing officials across the region for much of the century. Responding to a request by Congress, Odebrecht said it paid more than $4 million to consulting companies owned by Kuczynski or a close business associate for about a decade starting in 2004. Some deposits were made to a company Kuczynski owned while he was minister in a government that awarded Odebrecht lucrative contracts. Odebrecht said Saturday that there was no indication the transactions were part of its past corrupt dealings with politicians, which it can only discuss with prosecutors. Kuczynski once strenuously denied ever having any ties with Odebrecht. He has since apologized to Peru for not disclosing his connections with the company, blaming forgetfulness and poor organization of his personal records after decades of work in finance and public administration. But he said there was nothing improper about the payments.  Being careless and sloppy is a defect but it is not...a tool for dishonesty and much, much less, for crime,  Kuczynski said. Kuczynski had once raised hopes that his decades of finance and public administration experience would usher in a new period of investments to spur faster economic growth in the world s No.2 copper producer. But in a sign of how the crisis has engulfed his government, Peru postponed an auction of a $2 billion copper project, scheduled for Wednesday, until February.  ",1
11654,Australian police say car that hit pedestrians in Melbourne was a deliberate act,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - A car was deliberately driven into pedestrians in the Australian city of Melbourne on Thursday, injuring up to 14 people, though the motive was not known, police said.  We believe based on what we have seen that it is a deliberate act,  Victorian Police commander Russell Barrett told media in Melbourne.  The motivations are unknown.    ",1
11655,Myanmar bars U.N. rights investigator before visit,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The U.N. independent investigator into human rights in Myanmar called on Wednesday for stronger international pressure to be exerted on Myanmar s military commanders after being barred from visiting the country for the rest of her tenure.  Yanghee Lee, U.N. special rapporteur, had been due to visit in January to assess human rights across Myanmar, including alleged abuses against Rohingya Muslims in Rakhine State. But Myanmar had told her she was no longer welcome, she said, adding in a statement that this suggested something  terribly awful  was happening in the country.   From what I see right now I m not sure if they are feeling pressured. I m not sure if there is the right kind of pressure placed on the military commanders and the generals,  she later told Reuters by telephone from Seoul. She said it was alarming that Myanmar was strongly supported by China, which has a veto at the U.N. s top table in New York. Other countries including the United States and human groups were advocating targeted sanctions on the military, she said.  It has to work. And I m sure the world has to find a way to make it work. And I think the United Nations and its member states should really try to persuade China to really act towards the protection of human rights,  she said. Surveys of Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh by aid agency Medecins Sans Frontieres have shown at least 6,700 Rohingya were killed in Rakhine state in the month after violence flared up on Aug 25, the aid group said last week. More than 650,000 Rohingya have fled into Bangladesh since Aug. 25, when attacks by Muslim insurgents on the Myanmar security forces triggered a sweeping response by the army and Buddhist vigilantes. Speaking in Beijing, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said the situation in Rakhine State was an internal affair for Myanmar with its own complex history. Myanmar and Bangladesh resolving this issue was the only way to go, she told reporters. The international community should provide constructive help for Myanmar and Bangladesh to resolve the issue rather than complicating it, Hua added. U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein has called the violence  a textbook example of ethnic cleansing  and said he would not be surprised if a court eventually ruled that genocide had taken place.     Lee had planned to use her visit to find out procedures for the return of Rohingya refugees, and to investigate increased fighting in Kachin State and Shan Sate in northern Myanmar, where the military is battling autonomy-seeking ethic minority guerrillas. Lee, in an earlier statement, said Myanmar s refusal to cooperate with her was a strong indication that there must be  something terribly awful happening  throughout the country, although the government had repeatedly denied any violations of human rights.  They have said that they have nothing to hide, but their lack of cooperation with my mandate and the fact-finding mission suggests otherwise,  she said. She was  puzzled and disappointed , since Myanmar s ambassador in Geneva, Htin Lynn, had told the U.N. Human Rights Council only two weeks ago that it would cooperate.  Now I am being told that this decision to no longer cooperate with me is based on the statement I made after I visited the country in July,  she said. Htin Lynn did not respond to a request for comment. Neither Zaw Htay, spokesman for Myanmar government leader Aung San Suu Kyi, nor Kyaw Moe Tun, a spokesman for the ministry of foreign affairs that Suu Kyi heads, were immediately available. ",1
11656,Dying for a paycheck: the Russian civilians fighting in Syria,"ORENBURG, Russia (Reuters) - When Vladimir Kabunin signed up as a private military contractor, he saw a chance to make a wage much higher than any he could earn in his provincial Russian hometown. Happy to be able to support his wife and son, the ex-police officer left Orenburg, nearly 1,500 km (940 miles) southeast of Moscow, and joined pro-Russian rebels fighting government forces in east Ukraine, a family friend and a relative told Reuters.  When fighting subsided there, he went to Syria to serve as a field medic with troops under Russian command, they said. Kabunin was killed in Syria this year and his body was sent home, they said. But the government does not recognize he was in Syria, so he was buried without military honors and nothing on his grave shows he was killed in action. Kabunin, who was 38, was one of hundreds of military contractors secretly recruited by Moscow for combat operations in Syria since Russia s military operation began there in 2015, according to people familiar with the deployment. According to a Reuters tally based on accounts from people who knew the deceased and local officials, at least 28 private contractors have been killed in Syria this year, and Russian consular documents seen by Reuters suggest the figure may be much higher.   The government denies recruiting and sending private military contractors to fight abroad. The defense ministry did not respond when asked about Kabunin s case and the role of contractors in Syria, and has said previous Reuters reports on the contractors are an attempt to discredit Russia s mission to restore peace to Syria.     But over two years, Reuters has spoken to dozens of family members, colleagues and friends of military contractors who have been killed in Syria. Those familiar with the deployment say the contractors are under government command and have helped turn the tide of war in favor of Russia s ally, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, while hiding the scale of its military involvement and losses. The fact that Kabunin and others like him are willing to sign up for such missions shows the Kremlin can draw on a large reserve of fighters who, as long as they are well remunerated, are willing to risk dying in the shadows. WELL-TRODDEN PATH Kabunin followed a path taken by many contractors: service in the military or security forces, a return to civilian life, a struggle to make a living, then a chance to make decent money fighting secretly for Russia, in Ukraine and then Syria. Family members of Russian contractors say that in Syria they were paid up to $6,500 per month, which exceeds Russia s average monthly wage more than 12 times.  If you quit law enforcement bodies, you have only one way (choice) - to become a mercenary,  Vasily Karkan, a classmate of Kabunin at school, told Reuters.   Kabunin was shy as a child until he started kickboxing classes, Karkan recalled. The sport became a life-long hobby. Kabunin obtained a degree in medicine and also studied law, but followed in the family footsteps by joining the police.  In 2010, he found a new job in a prison, where his wife also worked in a tuberculosis hospital. Kabunin s role was to work with prisoners to obtain information and gather intelligence on planned escape attempts or potential unrest, but he left that job in 2012.  A spokesman for Orenburg prisons service said he had left of his own volition. A family friend spoke of job cuts and said he looked for a new job for about two years.  There is no place to work,  the family friend said.  You can t earn more than 10,000 rubles ($170)(a month) here.  When fighting broke out in eastern Ukraine in 2014, Kabunin saw a job opportunity. Moscow denies deploying active service troops in Ukraine or providing direct military help to the separatists. But Kabunin signed up with Dmitry Utkin, the leader of a group of Russian ex-servicemen fighting there who uses the nom de guerre  Vagner , and, drawing on his medical degree, served as a military medic, his relative said. When Utkin and his comrades deployed to Syria in support of Russia s regular forces, Kabunin went with them, people familiar with the deployment said. As of April 2016, he was a field medic in a medical evacuation unit under Utkin s command in Syria, according to an official in a Ukrainian law enforcement agency. The agency says it has obtained the personnel records of 1,700 Russian contractors deployed in Syria, most of whom were earlier in Ukraine.  Kabunin left home for his last trip to Syria on Jan. 4 and was put in command of a medical company, but was wounded on Jan. 31 and died on Feb. 7 in Homs province, a relative said. The relative knew this from former police colleagues of Kabunin, some of whom also served in Syria, and from his death certificate, which was handed to his wife Natalya. It was not clear how she was informed and who gave her the death certificate. She declined to speak to Reuters.  Relatives of other killed contractors say the news has come via friends or acquaintances, or by phone from people who say they represent a private company. Kabunin was buried next to other family members  graves in Orenburg, his portrait displayed on a cross showing a man with a shaved head in civilian clothes. His wife received a compensation payment, according to the relative, who gave no further details. According to accounts from relatives of other contractors killed in Syria, the employer typically pays out 3 million rubles ($51,227) in compensation to the next of kin when a contractor is killed. Relatives of another dead contractor told Reuters that, in his case, the money was handed over to his widow in cash in a hotel in the southern Russian city of Rostov-on-Don. On a visit to Syria on Dec. 11, President Vladimir Putin declared mission accomplished for the Syrian operation and paid tribute to Russian servicemen who have been killed there. There was no mention of the contractors  losses. The government is under no obligation to disclose the deaths of non-regular forces fighting under its command and Russian military losses in Syria are a state secret. Kabunin s death did not dissuade his friend Valery Dzyuba, also a former police officer and kickboxer from Orenburg, from heading to Syria to fight as a military contractor. Dzyuba s family received a phone call from an unidentified man saying he had died on Aug. 20 but not specifying the circumstances. Dzyuba was killed in Syria, according to one of his classmates, Kabunin s relative and an official in the village where Dzyuba was buried. ",1
11657,Australia finds wreck of first Allied submarine to sink in World War One,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia has discovered the wreck of its first submarine off the coast of Papua New Guinea, authorities said on Thursday, resolving one of the country s oldest naval mysteries after more than a century. The submarine, AE-1, was the first Allied vessel to sink during World War One, while patrolling for German warships in 1914, in circumstances that have never been established. The Australian Navy and several private bodies found the final resting place of the vessel s 35 crew on their 13th attempt, Defence Minister Marise Payne told media.  The submarine s disappearance  was a tragedy for our then fledgling nation,  Payne said, adding that a small commemorative service was held aboard the survey ship that found the wreck and authorities were trying to contact the crew s descendants.  It is my hope that what we have done in the last couple of days will now provide relief to the family and descendants of all of those members,  said navy chief Vice Admiral Timmy Barrett, adding that the crew had come from Australia, Britain and New Zealand.      The authorities did not disclose the wreck s location, except to say it was found off the Duke of York Islands. The governments of Australia and Papua New Guinea said they planned to preserve the site. ",1
11658,U.S. creating 'sensational hype' over China's military modernization: ministry,"BEIJING (Reuters) - The United States has created  sensational hype  over China s military modernization, the defense ministry has said in reaction to a White House report branding China a competitor seeking to challenge U.S. power. U.S. President Donald Trump s administration on Monday laid out a national security strategy based on Trump s  America First  vision, singling out of China and Russia as  revisionist powers  seeking not only to challenge U.S. power but to erode its security and prosperity. China s foreign ministry said on Tuesday cooperation between China and the United States was the only correct choice. The spokesman for its defense ministry, Ren Guoqiang, said in a statement posted on the ministry website late on Wednesday that the U.S. strategy had  without regard for the facts, created sensational hype over the modernization of China s defenses . Ren also said the strategy had  called into question the intentions of China s military development plan  and that it ran counter to peace worldwide and the development of China s relations with the United States. China s contribution to world peace was plain for all to see, he said.  Attempts by any country or any document to distort the facts or cast aspersions will be in vain,  Ren said. China s armed forces, the world s largest, are in the midst of an ambitious modernization program, which includes investment in technology and new equipment such as stealth fighters and aircraft carriers, as well as cuts to troop numbers. The tough U.S. national security strategy comes after   Trump has sought to build strong relations with Chinese President Xi Jinping. Trump has called upon Xi to ensure China does more to help the United States rein in North Korea s nuclear and missile programs. The U.S. administration cited China s growing military might and its efforts to build military bases on manmade islands in the contested South China Sea as evidence of Chinese attempts to alter the status quo. China says its expansion of islets in the South China Sea is for peaceful purposes only and that, as it has irrefutable sovereignty there, no other country has the right to question its actions. ",1
11659,U.N. mediator de Mistura to attend Syria talks on Friday: report,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - U.N. special envoy on Syria Staffan de Mistura will arrive in Kazakhstan s capital on Friday to take part in Syria peace talks, the Kazakh Foreign Ministry said on Thursday, according to Russia s state news agency RIA. De Mistura will fly to Astana after talks in Moscow on Thursday with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov. Kazakhstan is hosting negotiations that aim to end the Syria crisis. Discussions in the past few months have focused on establishing de-escalation zones in Syria. ",1
11660,Indonesian police warn Islamists against raids in search of Santa hats,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesian police appealed on Thursday for tolerance and respect for other people s religious celebrations after an Islamist group threatened to raid businesses to check for Muslims being forced to wear Santa Claus hats or other Christmas garb. The hardline Islamic Defenders Front (FPI) said this week it would conduct  sweeping operations  in the world s biggest Muslim-majority country, and that forcing Muslims to wear Christmas attire was a violation of their human rights. Indonesia is home to several religious minorities, including Christians, Hindus, Buddhists and people who follow traditional beliefs.  The constitution guarantees freedom of religion in an officially secular state though tension between followers of different faiths can flare.  There can be no sweeping operations ... members of the public should respect other religions that are carrying out celebrations,  national police chief Tito Karnavian told police  during a security exercise in the capital, Jakarta. The FPI said it aimed to enforce a fatwa, or decree, issued by Indonesia s Islamic Clerical Council in 2016 prohibiting business owners from forcing employees to wear Christmas clothing.      We will raid businesses in anticipation of them being stubborn about this and we will be accompanied by police,  said Novel Bakmukmin, head of the FPI s Jakarta chapter.  Employers forcing staff to wear Christmas clothes were violating their rights.  Businesses should be aware that there should be no forcing,  he said. The Islamic Clerical Council s decrees are not legally binding but serve as guidelines for Indonesian Muslims.         Christmas is widely celebrated across Indonesia and holiday decorations are ubiquitous, especially at shops, restaurants and malls where many enthusiastic workers - even Muslims - don Santa hats or elf costumes. The FPI built its reputation with raids on restaurants and bars serving alcohol during the Muslim fasting month of Ramadan. In recent years, it has turned its attention to Christian celebrations. The group has also said it wants the Jakarta city government to stop sponsoring New Year celebrations, which attract many thousands of people. About 90,000 police officers will be on duty cross the country during the end-of-year holidays, in an operation largely aimed at preventing militant attacks.  Attacks on churches in Jakarta and elsewhere on Christmas Eve in 2000, killed nearly 20 people. Ever since, authorities have stepped up security at churches and tourist spots for the holiday. ",1
11661,South Korean 'nut rage' executive remains free after court upholds suspended sentence,"SEOUL (Reuters) - A former Korean Air Lines executive who went into a rage on an aircraft over the way she was served nuts in first class avoided jail on Thursday when South Korea s Supreme Court upheld her 10-month suspended sentence. Heather Cho had been charged with, among others, violation of aviation law in 2015 after she took issue with the way she was served nuts and forced the Korean Air Lines plane to return to its gate in a New York airport in December 2014. The incident became a national scandal in South Korea, as Cho is the daughter of the chairman of Hanjin Group, the conglomerate of which Korean Air is an affiliate. Cho stepped down from her role as Korean Air Lines vice president and attempted to apologize to crew members.  The Supreme Court upheld an appeals court ruling that said forcing an on-the-ground plane to return to its gate cannot be seen as  route deviation,  but found Cho guilty of abusive language and actions against cabin crew and forcing a crew member to disembark.  Cho was originally sentenced to one year in jail, but has been free from custody since May 2015, when the appeals court suspended her sentence. ",1
11662,Exclusive: China's border city with North Korea eases tourism curbs - sources,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese tourists are still visiting Pyongyang from China s border city of Dandong, tourism sources say, even after authorities unofficially halted the tours just ahead of U.S. President Donald Trump s visit to China last month.  A group of 40 Chinese tourists left on Friday from the border city of Dandong to Pyongyang, two sources with direct knowledge of the matter told Reuters, a sign local authorities have not been strongly enforcing curbs on tourist flows.   This is the largest group to go in from Dandong since the curb,  a tour operator said, adding the tourists traveled by train into North Korea for a four-day tour. The Dandong Tourism Bureau declined to be interviewed for this story. When asked for comment, China s foreign ministry said they did  not understand the situation.  Local businesses in China are known to find ways around policies introduced by local authorities or Beijing, whether in good times or bad.   There s always a way around government policies,  said one Dandong-based tourism source.  You know how Chinese people are.    I think the central government will be very annoyed at Dandong for lifting the travel restriction,  the tour operator said. MONEY-MAKER FOR NORTH Tourism to North Korea is not banned by the United Nations and is one of the few remaining ways that North Korea earns hard currency. The Korea Maritime Institute, a South Korean think-tank, estimates that tourism generates about $44 million in annual revenue for North Korea.  The U.N. has ramped up sanctions over North Korea s accelerating missile program over the past year, curbing key export industries including coal, seafood and textiles. Simon Cockerell, head of Beijing-based Koryo Tours which organizes travel to North Korea, said he saw 3 to 4 busloads of Chinese tourists in Pyongyang in mid-November.  But I m not sure where they entered from or what visas they were on,  he said.   If you have a visa to North Korea, it doesn t say where you can and can t go. So once you enter into Sinuiju or Rason, you could travel onwards to Pyongyang. The North Koreans wouldn t care,  Cockerell said.  Sinuiju and Rason are popular entry points for Chinese tourists traveling overland into North Korea. China never publicly announced a ban on Chinese tourists visiting Pyongyang and strongly opposes unilateral sanctions, which it says undermines U.N. unity. But the day before U.S President Donald Trump s first official visit to China in early November, Reuters exclusively reported that the Dandong Tourism Bureau had told Chinese tour operators based in Dandong to halt trips to North Korea s capital of Pyongyang. Trump has frequently praised Chinese President Xi Jinping Trump with whom he has been working to exert pressure on North Korea through strict enforcement of sanctions over its nuclear and ballistic missile programs. Dandong, a city of 800,000 people in northeastern Liaoning province, is the main trading hub on the Chinese side of the border and most tour companies that take Chinese tourists to North Korea are based there. The U.N. sanctions have particularly hit Dandong s economy this year. Almost all tours to North Korea have stopped and many Dandong-based companies who traditionally conducted business with North Korea are struggling, sources told Reuters.   A lot of the more successful Chinese businessmen have gone on holidays because there s nothing for them to do around here at the moment,  said one Chinese businessman in Dandong.  China s trade with North Korea has already fallen to its lowest in months. Beijing has repeatedly said it is rigorously enforcing U.N. resolutions aimed at reining in Pyongyang s missile and nuclear programs. North Korea has accelerated the pace of its missile tests this year. Pyongyang said its latest test on Nov. 28 was an intercontinental ballistic missile that it said could deliver heavy nuclear warheads anywhere in the continental United States.  ",1
11663,Mexico arrests former high-ranking PRI official in corruption probe,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexican authorities on Wednesday arrested a former high-ranking official of President Enrique Pena Nieto s party in a corruption investigation in the northern state of Chihuahua, the state s governor said. The arrest extends a streak of corruption allegations dogging the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), with four former governors arrested on such charges this year. Entrenched corruption is expected to be a key issue in the runup to Mexico s next presidential election in 2018. Alejandro Gutierrez, who was the adjunct secretary to the presidency of the PRI, was arrested in a joint operation by state and federal police, Chihuahua Governor Javier Corral wrote in a post on Facebook. The Chihuahua prosecutor s office accused Gutierrez of participating in a  sophisticated scheme  to divert public funds of 250 million pesos ($13 million) earmarked for educational programs in 2016. Gutierrez will present himself before a judge early Thursday, the office said in a statement. This week, Mexican newspaper Reforma published reports on an alleged Chihuahua corruption scheme to funnel the money into the PRI s campaign fund, through avenues such as fake contracts for workshops for parents and expensive software. The reports were based on testimony to prosecutors by former state finance minister Jaime Herrera that the paper obtained.  Gutierrez  arrest took place in Coahuila. This week, he rejected allegations against him in an interview with Mexican newspaper Vanguardia, saying he was considering suing for defamation.  I am thinking, I will have to look into it, if I initiate some legal proceeding,  he said.  I do not know, I repeat to you, I did not know not even one official, nor ex-official, of finances... I see things that are absolutely false.  Gutierrez  arrest  contributes to the clearing up of the crimes of political corruption that have been attributed to the former governor, C sar Duarte J quez,  said Corral, of the National Action Party.   The government is determining whether others should be held responsible for the funneling of funds to PRI coffers in 2016, Corral added. In March, a Mexican judge issued an arrest warrant for Duarte on suspicion of embezzlement. Corral has said he is a fugitive from justice. A spokesman for the PRI did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The PRI was routed in 2016 regional elections, losing several of its bastions, including the states of Veracruz, Tamaulipas and Quintana Roo, as voters expressed discontent over a series of graft scandals.  ",1
11664,"North Korea rejects U.S. accusation, says it is not linked to any cyber attacks","SEOUL (Reuters) - A spokesman for North Korea s foreign ministry said on Thursday Pyongyang is not linked to any cyber attacks, the North s first response since the United States publicly blamed it for a massive worldwide cyber security breach.  As we have clearly stated on several occasions, we have nothing to do with cyber attack and we do not feel a need to respond, on a case-by-case basis, to such absurd allegations of the U.S.,  the spokesman said, according to the North s official KCNA news agency. The U.S. accusation was a serious political provocation against North Korea that Pyongyang would never tolerate, the spokesman said. The May cyber attack crippled hospitals, banks and other companies. ",1
11665,U.S. approves license for Ukraine to buy small arms from U.S. firms,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department has approved an export license for Ukraine to buy certain light weapons and small arms from U.S. manufacturers, spokeswoman Heather Nauert said on Wednesday. Department records show Ukraine has bought small amounts of those types of weapons for several years, both before and after the 2014 Russian annexation of Ukraine s Crimean peninsula. The department notified Congress of the decision on Dec. 13, Nauert said, adding that the U.S. government was not selling the weapons directly to the Kiev government but was allowing Ukraine to buy from U.S. manufacturers.   Under the previous two administrations, the U.S. government has approved export licenses to Ukraine, so this is nothing new,  Nauert said. The license covers weapons in categories such as semi-automatic and automatic firearms up to, and including, .50 caliber weapons. It also includes combat shotguns, silencers, military scopes, and flash suppressors, as well as parts. Nauert said the U.S. government had not directly provided lethal defensive equipment to Ukraine, nor had it ruled out doing so. U.S. exporters can apply for direct commercial sales licenses at any time and those are reviewed by the State Department on a case-by-case basis, she said. ",1
11666,Venezuela may ban main opposition parties from presidential vote,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela s pro-government legislative superbody ruled on Wednesday that parties who boycotted this month s local elections had lost legitimacy, potentially eliminating the main opposition groups from the 2018 presidential race. The decree by the Constituent Assembly - created in a controversial July vote boycotted by the opposition and widely condemned abroad - infuriated Venezuela s opposition and drew criticism from the United States.   The Venezuelan government and its illegitimate Constituent Assembly are inventing rules as they go along. This is not democracy,  the U.S. Embassy said on Twitter. The Justice First, Democratic Action and Popular Will parties did not run candidates in this month s mayoral polls in protest against what they said was a biased election system designed to perpetuate leftist President Nicolas Maduro s  dictatorship.  Maduro had warned that could cost them participation in future votes and the Constituent Assembly echoed that position on Wednesday, saying the parties had lost their legal status and should re-apply to the National Election Board. Given that the board is pro-Maduro and authorities are constantly throwing up obstacles to the opposition, that could well mean those parties are now effectively unable to run in the presidential election due before the end of 2018. Maduro, 55, is expected to run for re-election despite the disastrous state of the economy in Venezuela, where millions are skipping meals and struggling to survive amid one of the world s highest inflation rates and widespread shortages of basics. Two of his potentially biggest rivals already cannot run against him: Popular Will leader Leopoldo Lopez is under house arrest, while Justice First leader Henrique Capriles is prohibited from holding political office.  We alert the world and all democratic governments that banning opposition political parties is yet another measure by the dictatorship that deserves rejection and condemnation,  said Capriles  party colleague Tomas Guanipa. Maduro and his allies say the Constituent Assembly has brought peace to the OPEC nation after months of opposition protests earlier this year in which more than 125 people were killed. Demonstrators said they were fighting for freedom, but the government condemned them as violent subversives.   It s time for the coupsters to face the constitution. Let no one undermine the people s participation and the democratic system,  Constituent Assembly head Delcy Rodriguez said after the passage of Wednesday s measure. ",1
11667,South Korean military fires warning shots at North Korean troops searching for defector: Yonhap,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean guards fired around 20 warning shots at North Korean troops searching for a defector who fled across the heavily militarized border between the two countries on Thursday, South Korea s Yonhap news agency reported. ",1
11668,South Africa's new ANC leader Ramaphosa aims to fight corruption,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - Cyril Ramaphosa, the new leader of South Africa s governing ANC party, said on Thursday he aims to stamp out corruption and pursue a policy of  radical economic transformation  that will speed up expropriation of land without compensation. Ramaphosa, a 65-year-old union leader who became a businessman and is now one of South Africa s richest people, is likely to become the country s next president after elections in 2019, because of his party s electoral dominance. His promise to fight rampant corruption and revitalize the economy has been hailed by foreign investors.  This conference has resolved that corruption must be fought with the same intensity and purpose that we fight poverty, unemployment and inequality,  Ramaphosa said in his maiden speech at the close of a five-day party meeting where he was elected.  We must also act fearlessly against alleged corruption and abuse of office within our ranks,  he said in the early hours of Thursday after a long delay. Ramaphosa, who is South Africa s deputy president, was elected the new leader of the African National Congress (ANC) on Monday, succeeding President Jacob Zuma as party head after Zuma s presidency became tainted with corruption allegations. Ramaphosa s narrow victory over former cabinet minister and African Union Commission chairwoman Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, 68, is seen as a pivotal moment for the ANC, which launched black-majority rule under Nelson Mandela s leadership 23 years ago but is now deeply divided with its image tarnished. Ramaphosa paid tribute to Zuma in his speech, saying the ANC would be  united  despite a fractious campaign. Zuma had backed his ex-wife Dlamini-Zuma for ANC s top job. However, investors are concerned that Ramaphosa may not be able to push through policy changes because the ANC s top decision-making group, known as the  Top Six , was split down the middle, with three politicians apiece drawn from Ramaphosa s camp and that of Dlamini-Zuma. Analysts warned that the division of the party presidency, held by Ramaphosa, and the state presidency in Zuma s hands, could lead to policy uncertainty or paralysis.  Mr. Zuma, for instance, still occupies South Africa s presidency   a cohabitation that may cause a period of policy uncertainty,  Capital Economics Africa economist John Ashbourne said  in a note.  Expectations that Ramaphosa would win the ANC race had pushed the rand to 12.5200 per dollar on Monday, its firmest since March 27, when a cabinet reshuffle by Zuma rocked markets and triggered credit ratings downgrades to  junk.  The rand weakened on Tuesday, but firmed on Wednesday as investors continued to digest how much clout Ramaphosa wields.  Victory for Ramaphosa, but not a loss for Zuma,  said Geoff Blount, managing director at BayHill Capital. Zuma has faced allegations of corruption since he became head of state in 2009, but has denied any wrongdoing. The president has also faced allegations that his friends the wealthy Gupta businessmen wielded undue influence over his government. Zuma and the Guptas have denied the accusations. Ramaphosa alluded to these allegations in his speech, saying,  At the state level we must confront the reality that critical institutions of our state have been targeted by individuals and families, through the exercise of influence and the manipulation of governance processes and public resources.  He said this had weakened the state-owned enterprises in Africa s most industrialized economy. South Africa, the continent s traditional powerhouse, has had lethargic growth over the last six years and the jobless rate stands near record levels. Ramaphosa also had a warning for corporate executives.  We must investigate without fear or favor the so-called  accounting irregularities  that cause turmoil in the markets and wipe billions off the investments of ordinary South Africans,  he said. South African furniture retailer Steinhoff, has been embroiled in a scandal over accounting irregularities, which have wiped more than $10 billion off its market value over the past two weeks. Ramaphosa also said he would aim to expedite job creation, improve the lackluster economy and speed up the transfer of land to black people. Two decades after the end of apartheid, the ANC is under pressure to redress racial disparities in land ownership where whites own most of the land.  This conference has resolved that the expropriation of land without compensation should be among the mechanisms available to government to give effect to land reform and redistribution,  Ramaphosa said. He said the land transfers would be speeded up under the radical economic transformation program, a vague ANC plan to tackle racial inequality. ",1
11669,Mexican governor requests leave to run for president,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The governor of Nuevo Leon, a prosperous state in northern Mexico, requested a leave of absence on Wednesday to run as an independent candidate for president next year. Jaime Rodriguez, known as  El Bronco,  wrote in a post on Twitter that he had asked the state s congress for permission to take a six-month leave of absence.   I want to change Mexico so that the citizens together make history,  he wrote in Spanish.  While this is being decided, I will continue working as every day.  Diana Adame, a spokeswoman for the state of Nuevo Leon, said the governor expects to hear back from Congress in the next few days. Rodriguez still needs more signatures across 12 states to become an independent candidate, having reached the goal in five, according to the electoral regulator INE.  A poll by Parametria published by Reuters on Tuesday showed just 2 percent of people said they would vote for Rodriguez, though other polls have put it at around 4 percent. ",1
11670,South Korea plans to buy 20 additional F-35 aircraft: report,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea plans to buy an additional 20 F-35A stealth fighter aircraft from the United States, a South Korean newspaper reported on Thursday, less than two months after U.S. President Donald Trump announced Seoul would be purchasing billions of dollars in new military equipment. South Korea s Defence Acquisition Program Administration has  established a process for procuring the 20 additional aircraft, the Joongang Ilbo newspaper reported, citing multiple government sources. In 2014 South Korea formally announced a plan to buy 40 F-35As from American defense contractor Lockheed Martin. ",1
11671,"Explainer - Damian Green, UK PM's May deputy, resigns over pornography scandal","LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May forced her most senior minister, Damian Green, to resign on Wednesday after an internal investigation found he had made misleading comments about pornography on computers in his parliamentary office. Below are details about Green, the investigation into his behavior and May s decision to demand his resignation.  An ally and a friend from their days at the University of Oxford, Green was appointed first secretary of state, May s de-facto deputy, in the wake of her snap June election which stripped her party of its parliamentary majority.  In the tumultuous weeks after the June vote, Green helped to stabilize May s premiership and appease some of those within the Conservative Party who wanted her to quit.  His departure is a blow for the government as May navigates the final year of tortuous Brexit negotiations before Britain s exit from the European Union in March 2019. He is also the third minister to quit in recent weeks following the departure of the defense minister and the aid minister. The departure of Green, who like May voted in the 2016 referendum to stay in the EU, also removes one of her most senior advocates of a softer Brexit. The resignation comes a day after May started the delicate process of agreeing a common negotiating position among her cabinet for the long-term relationship Britain wants to have with the EU after Brexit. On Nov. 1 Kate Maltby, an academic, critic and family friend wrote an article in the Times newspaper alleging that Green had made an inappropriate sexual advance toward her in 2015.  He offered me career advice and in the same breath made it clear he was sexually interested,  said Maltby, who is three decades younger than Green.  He steered the conversation to the habitual nature of sexual affairs in parliament... He mentioned that his own wife was very understanding. I felt a fleeting hand against my knee.  Green denied the allegations as  absolutely and completely untrue . May asked the Cabinet Office, responsible for the administrative functions of the government, to investigate. Five days later the Sunday Times reported that the police had found pornography on a computer in Green s office during a 2008 investigation into government leaks.  Green said in a statement that the story was  completely untrue .  More importantly, the police have never suggested to me that improper material was found on my parliamentary computer,  he added.  In a second statement on Nov. 11 he again said no allegations about the presence of improper material on his parliamentary computers had ever been put to him.  On Wednesday, May s office published a summary of its investigation into Green.  It found that Green s conduct as a minister was generally  professional and proper  and that it was not possible to reach a definitive conclusion on the appropriateness of his behavior with Maltby.  It said however that the investigation found Maltby s account of the events to be plausible.  On the issue of pornography, it found the two statements made by Green on 4 and 11 November to be inaccurate and misleading.   The Metropolitan Police Service had previously informed him of the existence of this material,  it said.  These statements therefore fall short of the honesty requirement of the Seven Principles of Public Life and constitute breaches of the Ministerial Code. Mr Green accepts this.  On Wednesday, May asked for his resignation.  While I can understand the considerable distress caused to you by some of the allegations which have been made in recent weeks, I know that you share my commitment to maintaining the high standards which the public demands of Ministers of the Crown,  May wrote to Green in a letter.   It is therefore with deep regret, and enduring gratitude for the contribution you have made over many years, that I asked you to resign from the government and have accepted your resignation.  Green apologized for breaking the ministerial code.  He said that he did not download or view pornography on his parliamentary computers but accepted that he should have been more clear in his November statements about what the police had told him.  He said he did not recognize the description Maltby gave of their 2015 meeting but said he had clearly made her feel uncomfortable and apologized. He added that he deeply regretted the distress caused to Maltby after she wrote the article.   I regret that I ve been asked to resign from the government following breaches of the ministerial code, for which I apologise,  he said.  ",1
11672,Earthquake of magnitude 5.2 strikes near Iran's capital,"LONDON (Reuters) - An earthquake of magnitude 5.2 struck a town near the Iranian capital Tehran on Wednesday night, state media reported, but there were no initial reports of casualties or significant damage. Last month, a 7.3-magnitude earthquake hit villages and towns in Iran s western Kermanshah province along the mountainous border with Iraq, killing 620 people and injuring thousands of others. Authorities said they were gathering information about the latest quake, which hit in the late evening at a depth of 7 km (4 miles). They asked residents to remain calm but be prepared for possible aftershocks. The epicenter of the quake was 3 km from the city of Malard, and not far from Meshkin Dasht, which sits about 50 km west of Tehran, state news agency IRNA said. The quake was also felt in Alborz, Qazvin, Qom, Gilan and Markazi provinces, according to state media.   There have been no reports of casualties or damage,  Behnam Saeedi, a spokesman for Iran s National Disaster Management Organization, was quoted as saying by the semi-official ILNA news agency. In Tehran and other cities, residents flooded into streets and parks, fearing a stronger aftershock. Some set up tents to spend the night outside, and lit fires.  Tasnim news agency quoted Minister of Sports Masoud Soltanifar as saying sport centers in city of Karaj in Alborz province, and Eslamshahr in southern Tehran were open to the public to spend the night.  Some people also took refuge at the mausoleum of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, the founder of the Islamic Republic in southern Tehran. Minister of Energy Reza Ardakanian was quoted by ISNA news agency as saying that Amirkabir Dam, one hour west of Tehran, remained intact and supply of water and electricity was not disrupted in any way. Schools, universities and government offices will be closed in Tehran, Alborz and Qom provinces on Thursday, according to the state television. ",1
11673,U.S. follows Mexico in backing disputed Honduran vote result,"WASHINGTON/TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - The United States on Wednesday followed Mexico in signaling that Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez had won a heavily disputed presidential election last month, lending weight to his legitimacy in spite of ongoing opposition protests. The Honduran electoral tribunal at the weekend declared U.S. ally Hernandez the winner of the Nov. 26 election in spite of widespread misgivings about the count, which turned in favor of the incumbent after suddenly halting with the opposition ahead. Violent protests have broken out in Honduras over the vote, and the Organization of American States (OAS) urged the country to hold new elections to resolve the dispute. That proposal has, however, been rejected by senior Honduran officials. Hernandez s rival Salvador Nasralla traveled to Washington this week to urge the United States not to recognize the vote, but a senior U.S. State Department official said that his government had no evidence that would alter the results.  At this point ... we have not seen anything that alters the final result,  the official told reporters, saying Washington may wait to make a definitive judgment in case the opposition presents additional evidence of fraud in the election. Mexico on Tuesday congratulated Hernandez for being declared victor. Mexico s step, which followed the recognition of Hernandez by Colombia and Guatemala, strengthened the incumbent s hand and could tilt other countries in his favor.  The Mexican statement, and its review, indicates that a call for a new election is a pretty dramatic outcome in this case,  said the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity. Washington may hold off on making a final judgment until the end of a five-day period when the opposition can produce further evidence to contest the results, the official added. He said a U.S. deputy assistant secretary of state met with Nasralla, who has accused Hernandez of stealing the election.  He did not have any new (allegations of) fraud (or) evidence to present to us, and I think we are going to work through this quickly to get to a definitive U.S. statement, he added.  The Mexican statement is going to have a strong influence on whether we think we can move forward sooner. The Mexicans seem pretty certain in their statement.  Hernandez on Wednesday named a new head of the armed forces, Rene Orlando Ponce, who quickly indicated on local radio that solving the impasse would be for Honduras alone.  We re not going to accept any interference beyond Honduran law,  he said. ",1
11674,May will allow Brexit delay in exceptional circumstances,"LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday she would permit a delay to Britain s departure from the European Union in exceptional circumstances, bowing to criticism from her own party over the government s plan to fix the exit date in law. The decision is a compromise with Conservative lawmakers who last week rebelled in parliament and inflicted an embarrassing defeat on May during a debate on the legislation that will end Britain s EU membership. The legislation, formally titled the European Union (Withdrawal) Bill, later won approval to move to the next stage of the parliamentary process, although it still faces weeks of further scrutiny before becoming law. May headed off a second rebellion by agreeing that her government s plan to define the date of Britain s EU exit as March 29, 2019, should be tempered by inserting a proviso allowing that date to be changed if necessary.  If that power were to be used, it would be only in extremely exceptional circumstances and for the shortest possible time,  May told lawmakers. Parliament will have to approve any new date. Junior Brexit Minister Steve Baker added that he could not envisage the date being brought forward. The passage of the bill to the next stage was overshadowed by the resignation of May s most senior ally in government, Damian Green, at May s request after an internal investigation found he had breached the government s code of conduct. The destabilising resignation adds to the political difficulties May faces as she tries to deliver Brexit against a backdrop of a divided parliament and electorate, and questions about her ability to meet an already tight timetable.  She wants to negotiate a transition deal with Brussels by March to reassure businesses and then seal a long-term trade deal by October. Brussels has said a detailed trade deal is likely to take much longer, and that Britain s transition period must end by 2020. In addition, May s government has to undertake the huge legislative task of transferring the existing body of EU law into British law before it leaves in order to provide legal certainty for businesses. ",1
11675,"Factbox: May's Brexit plan passes parliamentary test, more to come","LONDON (Reuters) - Legislation underpinning the government s plan to leave the European Union passed the latest stage in its journey through parliament on Wednesday, but still faces weeks of scrutiny before it becomes law. After eight days of debate, the legislation completed its  Committee Stage , where lawmakers debate the bill line by line and try to make changes to the government s proposed wording. Formally known as the European Union (Withdrawal) Bill, the legislation will now face other stages of approval in the lower house of parliament, and must then make its way through a multi-stage process in the upper house.  Both chambers must agree on the wording before it can become law. What is the bill and what does it do? The legislation serves two main functions: 1. Repealing the 1972 European Communities Act which made Britain a member of the European Communities, forerunner to the European Union. This effectively ends Britain s EU membership. 2. Transferring the existing body of EU law into British law. This is designed to provide legal certainty about the complex process of leaving.  Why is it controversial? The bill has faced criticism from opposition lawmakers, campaign groups and members of May s Conservative Party. Brexit is still divisive in Britain after a referendum in June last year, and many people, including some lawmakers, want to retain as much of the country s current EU membership as possible. Others would like to reverse the vote altogether. The most significant objections so far have focused on several different parts of the bill: 1. The power for the government to amend EU laws as they are brought onto the British statute book.  2. The extent to which parliament will be given a say on the final exit deal. 3. The government s intention to fix March 29, 2019 in law as  Exit Day . May runs a minority government, which has a slim 13-seat working majority in the 650-seat parliament thanks to a deal with a small Northern Irish party. Only seven Conservative lawmakers could be required to rebel to defeat the government. What has happened so far? The threat of rebellion has forced the government to make several concessions on its plans, including Wednesday s compromise to allow the date of Brexit to be changed in exceptional circumstances. Ministers also agreed to greater scrutiny in parliament of the process of transposing EU law. May suffered one embarrassing defeat, when 11 Conservatives sided with the opposition to successfully demand stronger guarantees that parliament will have a meaningful vote on the country s final exit agreement. Ministers fought off, or bargained their way out of other disagreements on issues like the powers government will have to change EU laws as they are transposed into British law, and the government s intention not to transfer across the EU s Charter of Fundamental Rights. The bill cleared its first parliamentary hurdle in September when, after two days of debate, lawmakers voted 326 to 290 in favor of the principles of the bill.  What happens next? The debate will continue in the lower house of parliament next year at a date which has yet to be set. This so-called  Report Stage  is a new opportunity to add amendments. Immediately after report stage, the bill is given a  Third Reading . It usually lasts an hour and is a general discussion of the bill followed by a vote. No amendments can be made. If approved, the bill will then pass to the upper chamber of parliament, where the Conservatives do not have a majority. The entire process will take months to complete, and there is no target end date. House of Lords:  Once the bill passes to the unelected upper chamber of parliament, the House of Lords, Lords can put forward their own amendments, each of which will be discussed and decided on in turn. If the lords agree to any amendments, the bill passes back to the House of Commons for its approval. Ping Pong: If the bill passes back to the commons, they debate and vote on the lords  amendments. No new amendments can be introduced. In theory the bill can continue passing back and forth between the lords and commons until the final bill is agreed upon. Royal assent: Once the bill has been agreed by both houses of parliament, it is given royal assent, when the queen formally agrees to make the bill into an Act of Parliament. ",1
11676,Full Brexit in Jan. 2021 as EU sets transition deadline,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union wants a transition period after Brexit to end no later than the last day of 2020, according to the European Commission s negotiating directives agreed on Wednesday. That date, coinciding with the end of the EU s seven-year budget period and 21 months after Britain departs the EU, had long been expected as the target end point of the transition. But this was the first official confirmation that it is the goal of the Union s negotiators. British Prime Minister Theresa May had sought a transition lasting around two years. EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier, speaking at a news conference after the EU executive had agreed the terms, said the 2020 deadline was logical and would avoid complications in the next 2021-2027 EU budget period.  The four pages of new directives for Barnier were in line with guidelines issued by EU leaders at a summit on Friday and will form the basis of talks on the transition that he hopes to start next month. He has said in the past he hopes a free trade pact could be ready to take effect in January 2021. The directives spell out that Britain will effectively remain in EU institutions, bound by all their rules including new ones, while not having a say in their making.  The EU will also offer Britain a non-voting place at some meetings where decisions may affect specific issues and will set up special arrangements for a UK role in setting annual EU fishing quotas. The directives also spell out more clearly that EU treaties with other countries and international organizations will no longer apply to Britain during the transition period.  However, the document adds:  Where it is in the interest of the Union, the Union may consider whether and how arrangements can be agreed that would maintain the effects of the agreements as regards the United Kingdom during the transition period.      This has been important to Britain since it could mean that it no longer benefits automatically from free trade agreements which the EU has with, say, Canada or South Korea, while it would still have to apply EU trade policy   for example collecting EU customs duty at UK ports. Barnier said he understood that Britain was working with other countries to try to retain the advantages of some of the nearly 750 international agreements to which London is currently party as an EU member. Among elements spelled out more in the directives than in the leaders  guidelines last week was a repetition of a previously agreed EU position that everything applying to Brexit for Britain would also apply to other British territories. Brussels has said the Spanish government must agree any future arrangements with Britain that affect the British territory of Gibraltar on Spain s southern coast. Asked about his previously expressed view that a future trade deal may offer little automatic access for the City of London s financial services firms to the EU market, Barnier repeated that free access would be unprecedented as far as he was aware.  I remind you that I m not aware of any free-trade deal in the past between the European Union and third countries that would have allowed privileged access for financial services,  he told a news conference.  British negotiators have said Britain s size and proximity give it the leverage to negotiate a more ambitious relationship with the EU than any other state. During the transition, Britain will maintain access to the European single market, Barnier added.  Britain will keep all the benefits, but also all the obligations of the single market, the customs union and the common policies,  he said, ruling out  a la carte  terms. Barnier welcomed agreements made earlier this month on issues such as the Irish border, citizens  rights and the divorce settlement.  We are not at the end of the road,  he said.  But it is an important stage of this road towards an orderly withdrawal rather than a disorderly one.  ",1
11677,"U.S. sanctions Chechen leader, four others under Magnitsky Act","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Treasury Department on Wednesday imposed new sanctions on five Russians and Chechens, including the head of the Russian republic of Chechnya, for alleged human rights abuses.  The new sanctions blacklisted Ramzan Kadyrov, the Chechen leader and a close ally of Russian President Vladimir Putin, the Treasury Department said in a statement.  U.S. authorities accused Kadyrov of overseeing  an administration involved in disappearances and extrajudicial killings . On a conference call with reporters Wednesday, a senior U.S. State Department official said that  one or more of Kadyrov s political opponents were killed at his direction.   Kadyrov reacted to news of the sanctions with his usual defiance.  A sleepless night is waiting for me,  Kadyrov wrote, apparently sarcastically, on his Instagram social media account.  I can be proud that I m out of favor with the special services of the USA. In fact, the USA cannot forgive me for dedicating my whole life to the fight against foreign terrorists among which there are bastards of America s special services.  He also wrote that he would not be visiting the United States. The U.S. Treasury Department imposed the sanctions, which freeze the banks accounts of those targeted, under a 2012 law known as the Magnitsky Act.  The Magnitsky Act imposed visa bans and asset freezes on Russian officials linked to the death in prison of Sergei Magnitsky, a 37-year-old Russian auditor and whistleblower. The act also seeks to hold responsible those U.S. authorities allege orchestrated or benefited from the death of Magnitsky.   Treasury remains committed to holding accountable those involved in the Sergei Magnitsky affair, including those with a role in the criminal conspiracy and fraud scheme that he uncovered,  Director of the Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control John Smith said in a statement. Magnitsky was arrested and died in a Moscow jail in 2009 after discovering a $230 million tax fraud scheme, according to U.S. authorities. Supporters of Magnitsky say the Russian state murdered him by denying him adequate medical care after he was imprisoned on tax evasion charges. The Kremlin denies the allegation. In addition to Kadyrov and one other Chechen official, the Treasury s action on Wednesday targeted three Russians that U.S. authorities say were involved in the complex tax fraud scheme that Magnitsky exposed. The Magnitsky sanctions have been a point of tension between Moscow and Washington, even before Russia s annexation of Crimea sent relations spiraling. In retaliation for the Magnitsky Act, Putin signed a bill halting U.S. adoptions of Russian children. It had been unclear to sanctions experts whether President Donald Trump s administration, which has signaled a desire to rebuild ties with Moscow, would continue to target people under the law.  The Magnitsky Act attracted greater public attention when it emerged that the president s son Donald Trump Jr., had met with a Russian lawyer and a lobbyist - both strident opponents of the law - in New York ahead of the 2016 U.S. elections. When asked about the June 2016 meeting, Trump Jr. later said they discussed the adoptions issue. On a conference call with reporters on Wednesday, State Department officials said that despite the new sanctions the Trump administration wants a constructive relationship with Moscow.  We believe a Russia that takes care of the human rights of its own citizens will be an even more effective partner,  a senior State Department official said. ",1
11678,Turkish PM calls Rohingya killings in Myanmar 'genocide',"COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - Turkey s prime minister on Wednesday dubbed the killing of minority Muslim Rohingyas in Myanmar by its security forces  genocide  and urged the international community to ensure their safety back home. Binali Yildirim met several Rohingyas in two refugee camps in Cox s Bazar in neighboring Bangladesh. Almost 870,000 Rohingya fled there, about 660,000 of whom arrived after Aug. 25, when Rohingya militants attacked security posts and the Myanmar army launched a counter-offensive.  The Myanmar military has been trying to uproot Rohingya Muslim community from their homeland and for that they persecuted them, set fire to their homes, villages, raped and abused women and killed them,  Yildirim told reporters from Cox s Bazar, before flying back to Turkey.  It s one kind of a genocide,  he said.  The international community should also work together to ensure their safe and dignified return to their homeland,  Yildirim, who was accompanied by Bangladesh s Foreign Minister Abul Hassan Mahmood Ali, said. Surveys of Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh by aid agency Medecins Sans Frontieres have shown at least 6,700 Rohingya were killed in Rakhine state in the month after violence flared up on Aug. 25, MSF said last week. The U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein has called the violence  a textbook example of ethnic cleansing  and said he would not be surprised if a court eventually ruled that genocide had taken place. Yildirim inaugurated a medical camp at Balukhali, sponsored by Turkey, and handed over two ambulances to Cox s Bazar district administration. He also distributed food to Rohingya refugees at Kutupalong makeshift camp. He urged the international community to enhance support for Rohingyas in Bangladesh and help find a political solution to this humanitarian crisis. U.N. investigators have heard Rohingya testimony of a  consistent, methodical pattern of killings, torture, rape and arson . The United Nations defines genocide as acts meant to destroy a national, ethnic, racial or religious group in whole or in part. Such a designation is rare under international law, but has been used in contexts including Bosnia, Sudan and an Islamic State campaign against the Yazidi communities in Iraq and Syria. Nobel peace laureate Aung San Suu Kyi s less than two-year old civilian government has faced heavy international criticism for its response to the crisis, though it has no control over the generals it has to share power with under Myanmar s transition after decades of military rule. Yildirim s trip follows Turkish first lady Emine Erdogan s visit in September to the Rohingya camp, when she said the crack down in Myanmar s Rakhine state was  tantamount to genocide  and a solution to the Rohingya crisis lies in Myanmar alone. ",1
11679,Trump threatens to cut aid to U.N. members over Jerusalem vote,"WASHINGTON/UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday threatened to cut off financial aid to countries that vote in favor of a draft United Nations resolution calling for the United States to withdraw its decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital.  They take hundreds of millions of dollars and even billions of dollars, and then they vote against us. Well, we re watching those votes. Let them vote against us. We ll save a lot. We don t care,  Trump told reporters at the White House. The 193-member U.N. General Assembly will hold a rare emergency special session on Thursday - at the request of Arab and Muslim countries - to vote on a draft resolution, which the United States vetoed on Monday in the 15-member U.N. Security Council. The remaining 14 Security Council members voted in favor of the Egyptian-drafted resolution, which did not specifically mention the United States or Trump but which expressed  deep regret at recent decisions concerning the status of Jerusalem.  U.S. Ambassador Nikki Haley, in a letter to dozens of U.N. states on Tuesday seen by Reuters, warned that Trump had asked her to  report back on those countries who voted against us.  She bluntly echoed that call in a Twitter post:  The U.S. will be taking names.   Several senior diplomats said Haley s warning was unlikely to change many votes in the General Assembly, where such direct, public threats are rare. Some diplomats brushed off the warning as more likely aimed at impressing U.S. voters.  According to figures from the U.S. government s aid agency USAID, in 2016 the United States provided some $13 billion in economic and military assistance to countries in sub-Saharan Africa and $1.6 billion to states in East Asia and Oceania. It provided some $13 billion to countries in the Middle East and North Africa, $6.7 billion to countries in South and Central Asia, $1.5 billion to states in Europe and Eurasia and $2.2 billion to Western Hemisphere countries, according to USAID.  Miroslav Lajcak, president of the General Assembly, declined to comment on Trump s remarks, but added:  It s the right and responsibility of member states to express their views.  A spokesman for U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres also declined to comment on Trump s remarks on Wednesday.    I like the message that Nikki sent yesterday at the United Nations, for all those nations that take our money and then they vote against us at the Security Council, or they vote against us potentially at the assembly,  Trump said. Trump abruptly reversed decades of U.S. policy this month when he recognized Jerusalem as Israel s capital, generating outrage from Palestinians and the Arab world and concern among Washington s Western allies. He also plans to move the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv. The draft U.N. resolution calls on all countries to refrain from establishing diplomatic missions in Jerusalem.  A senior diplomat from a Muslim country, speaking on condition of anonymity, said of Haley s letter:  States resort to such blatant bullying only when they know they do not have a moral or legal argument to convince others.   Responding directly to that comment on Twitter, Haley said:  Actually it is when a country is tired of being taken for granted.  A senior Western diplomat, speaking on condition of anonymity, described Haley s letter as  poor tactics  at the United Nations  but pretty good for Haley 2020 or Haley 2024,  referring to speculation that Haley might run for higher office.   She s not going to win any votes in the General Assembly or the Security Council, but she is going to win some votes in the U.S. population,  the Western diplomat said.  A senior European diplomat, speaking on condition of anonymity, agreed Haley was unlikely to sway many U.N. states.   We are missing some leadership here from the U.S. and this type of letter is definitely not helping to establish U.S. leadership in the Middle East peace process,  the diplomat said. Israel considers Jerusalem its eternal and indivisible capital and wants all embassies based there. Palestinians want the capital of an independent Palestinian state to be in the city s eastern sector, which Israel captured in a 1967 war and annexed in a move never recognized internationally.  The first name that she should write down is Bolivia,  Bolivia s U.N. Ambassador Sacha Sergio Llorentty Sol z said of Haley s message.  We regret the arrogance and disrespect to the sovereign decision of member states and to multilateralism.  ",1
11680,Arab coalition says will keep Yemen port open; air raids kill at least nine,"ADEN (Reuters) - The Saudi-led coalition fighting in Yemen said on Wednesday it would keep the Houthi-controlled Hodeidah port, vital for aid, open for a month despite a fresh missile attack against Riyadh, but it kept up air raids that killed at least nine people. The Western-backed coalition, which controls Yemen s airspace and port access, said last month it would allow humanitarian relief through Hodeidah following a nearly three-week blockade imposed because of a missile attack toward the Saudi capital s international airport. The Saudis say the Red Sea port, which is Yemen s main entry point for food and humanitarian supplies, is also a hub used by the Houthis to bring in weapons, which it accuses Iran of supplying. Tehran denies the charges. On Wednesday, the coalition confirmed it would keep access open to the port despite another missile attack at Riyadh on Tuesday by the Houthis which Saudi forces also intercepted.   Keen to maintain humanitarian aid to the brotherly Yemeni people and as a result of intensified inspection measures, the coalition command announces that Hodeidah port will remain open for humanitarian and relief supplies,  the coalition said in a statement carried by Saudi state news agency SPA on Wednesday. The Saudi ambassador to Sanaa said the coalition would also allow the provision of four cranes to the port to boost aid deliveries to the war-damaged country. The ambassador, Mohammed al-Jaber, who was speaking in a televised news conference, did not give details on how the cranes would be delivered.  Earlier this year, the United Nations said the coalition turned back four cranes the United States donated to the World Food Programme to boost aid operations at Hodeidah.  The cranes would have replaced parts of the port s infrastructure destroyed by coalition air strikes in August 2015, damage that forced ships to line up offshore because they could not be unloaded. The coalition said ships bringing in fuel and food would also be allowed to enter for another 30 days while proposals made by the United Nations envoy to Yemen were implemented, it added. The agency did not elaborate on the proposals. But the coalition has been demanding that a U.N. inspection regime agreed in 2015 be further tightened to prevent weapons from reaching the Houthis. SALMAN-TRUMP CALL Saudi state news agency SPA said King Salman discussed in a telephone call with U.S. President Donald Trump ways  to hold the Iranian regime accountable for its hostile acts and its involvement in supplying the Houthi militia with missiles to threaten the security of the kingdom and the region . The White House later confirmed the call and said the two leaders  agreed on the importance of reinvigorating a political process to end the war in Yemen  and that the king briefed Trump on a Saudi plan  to alleviate the humanitarian crisis  caused by the conflict. Tuesday s missile attack took place as the Houthis marked 1,000 days since the coalition intervened in the Yemen war in March 2015 to try to restore President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi after a Houthi advance on his base in Aden forced him to flee. Saudi Arabia said that since the war began the Houthis had fired 83 ballistic missiles toward the kingdom. More than 10,000 people have been killed and a humanitarian crisis unleashed in a conflict which has intensified since former President Ali Abdullah Saleh was killed on Dec. 4. Coalition forces, which are supported by the United States and Britain, meanwhile launched fresh air strikes overnight.  Residents said at least nine members of the same family, including at least five children, were killed in one air strike which hit their home in Wadi Khair in southern Yemen s Shabwa province. Coalition aircraft have been providing air support for southern fighters and pro-government troops as part of a push to clear the Houthis from Shabwa and the family were killed in an apparently mistaken attack. Residents also reported that coalition aircraft bombed a new parliament chamber, part of a government compound being built in Sanaa, causing damage but no casualties. The coalition had no immediate comment on the report but says it does not target civilians. Similar air strikes in which civilian homes, markets and hospitals were hit are recurrent in Yemen. On Monday, eight women and two children from the same family died when war planes struck a vehicle returning from a wedding party in Marib, east of Sanaa. ",1
11681,UK's May to visit China around Jan. 31: Sky News,"(Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May will visit China around the end of January to promote her vision of a  global Britain  whose economy is strongly placed to succeed after Brexit, Sky News reported on Wednesday. May s office has pencilled in a trip on or around Jan. 31. She will be accompanied by a delegation of business leaders drawn from across the UK economy, Sky reported, citing insiders.  China is one of the countries with which Britain hopes to sign a free trade pact once it leaves the EU. Plans for the trip have not been finalised and remain subject to change, Sky added. ",1
11682,"South Africa's ANC calls for nationalizing central bank, land expropriation","JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s ruling African National Congress has adopted a resolution calling for the nationalization of the central bank and land expropriation without compensation, a senior party official said on Wednesday. Any mention of nationalization in South Africa is enough to spook investors, since left-wing elements of the ANC have also called for mines and banks to be state-owned. Similarly, land is an emotive issue two decades after the end of apartheid, and the ANC has been under pressure to redress racial disparities in land ownership. Unlike most central banks in the world, the South African Reserve Bank has been privately owned since it was established in 1921. But its shareholders have no control over monetary policy, financial stability policy or banking regulation. Following a meeting of party delegates, the head of the ANC s economic transformation committee, Enoch Godongwana, told reporters changing the ownership of the South African Reserve Bank would not affect its independence. He said the party had also agreed to initiate amendments to the constitution to achieve land expropriation without compensation, but gave no timeline. He said there would be no illegal occupation of land. Following the proposal made in July by the ANC at a policy conference to nationalize the bank s shareholding, South Africa s Reserve Bank said that changing its shareholding would not affect its mandate, because that mandate is derived from the constitution. Godongwana said no timeline had been laid down for the plan to acquire the central bank s shares or for any directives to parliament to change the country s laws to effect the change.  No change in the constitution, no change in the Reserve Bank Act,  he said.  We ve also said it s not likely to have an impact at all because shareholders in the Reserve Bank do not affect monetary policy in any way.   Godongwana said the changes would come after  more work  was done to prepare for the bank s nationalization. In July, when the party said it would like the central bank to be wholly state-owned, investors were initially worried and knocked the rand.  The currency was little changed on Wednesday immediately after the announcement by Godongwana, but analysts said markets would react negatively.  The SARB resolution will spook the markets even if it is ultimately unlikely to be implemented,  said Anne Fruhauf political analyst with consultancy Teneo. On the land issue, Godongwana said some of the delegates became  rowdy  during the heated debate that  nearly collapsed the conference . ANC officials rejected reports that delegates had come to blows during the debate. Godongwana said the delegates eventually agreed to initiate some amendments to the constitution in order to achieve expropriation of land without compensation.  The condition is that it must be sustainable and not impact on food  production and food security,  he said, adding that there should be no illegal occupation of land. Asked how the markets would react, Godongwana said:  My suspicion is they are going to say  wow  and react badly ... my sense is, if I was the markets, I would simply hold off.  Most of South Africa s land remains in white hands 23 years after the end of white minority rule. Experts say the plan to expropriate land in South Africa will not signal the kind of often violent land grabs that took place in neighboring Zimbabwe, where white-owned farms were seized by the government for redistribution to landless blacks. However, some economists and farming groups have said the reform could hit investment and production. Around 8 million hectares (20 million acres) of land have been transferred to black owners since apartheid ended, equal to 8 to 10 percent of the land in white hands in 1994, the government says. The total is only a third of a 30 percent  target by 2014 set by the ANC. ",1
11683,Congo and Uganda to launch joint operation against rebel ADF,"GOMA, Democratic Republic of Congo (Reuters) - Congo and Uganda are planning a joint military operation against a Congo-based Ugandan rebel group blamed for an attack that killed 15 United Nations peacekeepers, army officials from the two countries said on Wednesday. Fighters from the Allied Democratic Forces are suspected of being behind the Dec. 8 assault on a base manned by Tanzanian U.N. troops in the Democratic Republic of Congo s troubled eastern borderlands.  The attack, which also killed five Congolese soldiers and wounded another 53 peacekeepers, and came amid a rising wave of violence in the mineral-rich area.  The commanders of the ADF are Ugandan citizens. A mechanism will be outlined so the two armies can share intelligence and carry out a coordinated operation,  said General Marcel Mbangu Mashita, a senior Congolese army commander in the east. Representatives from the two armies met in the Congolese border town of Kasindi last week. Under the plan, Ugandan troops will not cross over into Congolese territory but instead be concentrated along the border.  (The Ugandan army) is reinforcing security on the common border with Congo in order to dissuade any attempt by the ADF to cross over and attack targets of interest in Uganda,  Ugandan army spokesman Brigadier Richard Karemire said. Congo s U.N. peacekeeping mission, MONUSCO, has pledged to track down those responsible for the attack on its base. But it was not involved in the bilateral talks between the Congolese and Ugandan officials. Rival militia groups control parts of eastern Congo, long after the official end of a 1998-2003 war in which millions of people died, mostly from hunger and disease.  Congo and Uganda were enemies during that conflict and, in the years since, relations between the two countries have at times been strained. Increased militia violence this year in the center and east comes as Congo faces a political crisis linked to President Joseph Kabila s refusal to step down when his mandate expired last December. The ADF is an Islamist group that has long been active along the border and has been blamed for a wave of massacres there over the past two years. Since its leader Jamil Mukulu was arrested in 2015, it has been headed by Musa Baluku.  General Mashita said previous Congolese operations had succeeded in eliminating around a third of the ADF s top commanders, but added that its ranks had been bolstered by escaped prisoners after a major prison break in June. ",1
11684,Ugandan parliament passes law allowing Museveni to seek re-election,"KAMPALA (Reuters) - Ugandan legislators voted late on Wednesday to amend the country s constitution to allow 73-year-old leader Yoweri Museveni to extend his rule, potentially guaranteeing him a life-time presidency.  A provision in the current constitution limits the age of a presidential candidate at 75 years, which would have made Museveni ineligible to stand at the next polls in 2021. At the end of Wednesday s day-long House debate, which capped a protracted and violence-marred process to remove that age limit, MPs voted 315-62 in favor of the amendment.   The bill passes,  said speaker Rebecca Kadaga after announcing tally results, prompting raucous celebrations from the mostly ruling party MPs who favored the bill.  Earlier in the day, two lawmakers were dragged away and detained when they tried to enter parliament, as the divisive debate proceeded in the chamber. Police had blocked some legislators from entering the building, and live television footage showed two of them being driven away in security vehicles. Both opposed the bill. The legislators blocked by police were attempting to enter parliament to serve court documents on House speaker Rebecca Kadaga, who was presiding over the debate. The document called on her to appear in court at 2:00 PM in respect of  the irregular suspension of our members of parliament,  independent lawmaker Wilfred Niwagaba told a local television station minutes before he was detained.  Six MPs - all opposed to removal of the age cap - were suspended from parliamentary proceedings on Monday for alleged disorderly conduct and refusing to heed the speaker s instructions. The bill to amend the constitution was introduced in parliament on October 4 by a Museveni loyalist, after two consecutive days of brawling in the debating chamber between those opposed and those in favor, supported by security personnel.  On the second day, security personnel who some MPs said were soldiers from an elite military unit entered the chamber and violently ejected at least 25 MPs that the speaker had suspended from proceedings for alleged misconduct.  Wednesday s vote was the second time Ugandan parliament has changed the constitution to allow Museveni extend his rule. In 2005, they voted to remove a limit of two five-year terms, which blocked him from standing again. The bill also extended the length of a term for MPs to seven years from the current five. The limit of two terms was also re-imposed for the president, although that only means Museveni would be limited to two more terms, starting with the 2021 election.  Are you not seeing what happened in Zimbabwe, do we want his excellency to end like Gaddafi of Libya,  opposition legislator, Gilbert Olanya, who opposed to the amendment, said in Wednesday s debate as he attempted to persuade colleagues to reject it. Several African leaders have amended laws designed to limit their tenure. Such moves have fueled violence in countries including Burundi, Democratic Republic of Congo and South Sudan. Initially hailed for restoring political order and fostering economic growth, Museveni has lately come under mounting pressure fueled by runaway corruption, and accusations he uses security forces to maintain his grip on power.  A combination of both military and police personnel were heavily deployed around parliament this week, which opposition MPs say was meant to intimidate members.  ",1
11685,Canada's Trudeau broke ethics rules with visit to Aga Khan island,"OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau broke some conflict of interest rules when he accepted a vacation last year on the Aga Khan s private island, the ethics watchdog said on Wednesday, the first time a prime minister has been found to have committed such a transgression. While the finding could tarnish Trudeau s popularity half-way into his mandate, he does not face any penalties. Conflict of Interest and Ethics Commissioner Mary Dawson said Trudeau contravened a rule on gifts when he accepted the use of the island in March and December 2016, while there were ongoing official dealings with the Aga Khan and the Aga Khan Foundation Canada was registered to lobby Trudeau s office.  The vacations accepted by Mr. Trudeau or his family could reasonably be seen to have been given to influence Mr. Trudeau in his capacity as Prime Minister,  Dawson said. While Trudeau says the Aga Khan is a family friend, Dawson found the exception for gifts from friends did not apply. Trudeau said he accepted her report and would clear future vacations with the watchdog.  I take full responsibility for it. We need to make sure that the office of the prime minister is without reproach,  Trudeau said.  Trudeau and his family vacationed on the island during the holidays in late December 2016 into January this year. Members of his family visited in March 2016. Trudeau has come under fire from the opposition, who have said the luxury Bahamas vacation was inappropriate and showed the Liberal government is out of touch with average Canadians. The opposition has also accused Finance Minister Bill Morneau of being in a conflict of interest for not putting his assets in a blind trust. He has since said he will do so and has divested his stock in his family business.  Trudeau says he has known the Aga Khan, Prince Shah Karim Al Husseini, since childhood. The Aga Khan, the title held by the leader of the Ismaili branch of Shi ite Islam, was a pallbearer at the funeral of Justin s father, former Prime Minister Pierre Elliott Trudeau. Trudeau also contravened the rules when he and his family traveled in the Aga Khan s private helicopter last December and when his family traveled on a non-commercial aircraft chartered by the Aga Khan in March 2016, Dawson said. However, she found no evidence Trudeau discussed any parliamentary business with the Aga Khan or his representatives, or participated in any related debates or votes. ",1
11686,Ugandan parliament passes law allowing Museveni to seek re-election,"KAMPALA (Reuters) - Ugandan legislators voted overwhelmingly late on Wednesday to remove from the constitution an age cap of 75 for presidential candidates, allowing President Yoweri Museveni, 73, to seek re-election at the next polls in 2021. Critics say the move opens the possibility of a life presidency for Museveni, who has ruled the east African country for 31 years. ",1
11687,Divided Catalans prepare to vote in close-run election,"VIC/CERDANYOLA DEL VALLES, Spain (Reuters) - Catalonia votes on Thursday for a new administration in an election many hope will resolve Spain s worst crisis in decades after the region declared independence leading Madrid to sack local leaders. Polls suggest neither the pro-independence nor the pro-unity camp will win a majority. The likely outcome is a hung parliament and many weeks of wrangling to form a new regional government. In the separatist heartland of rural Catalonia, fireman Josep Sales says he hopes the results will endorse the result of an Oct. 1 illegal referendum on independence from Spain and lead to the creation of a republic.  If we get a majority, something will have to be done. And if the politicians don t do it, the people will unite,  he said, speaking from the town fire station where many of the red fire engines bear the slogan  Hello Democracy .  If we have to bring the country to a standstill, so be it,  said the 45-year-old, who plans to vote for Carles Puigdemont, the sacked Catalan head who is campaigning for election from self-imposed exile in Belgium.  The uncertainty generated by the independence drive has hurt hotel occupancy rates in the region, dented consumer sales and caused more than 3,000 businesses to move their registered headquarters from Catalonia. It has also bitterly divided Catalan society between those who support independence and those who favor unity with Spain.  Everyone is eager for the election and to see how it turns out, because nothing is clear at the moment,  said 34-year-old flamenco teacher Maria Gonzalez, who lives in Cerdanyola del Valles, an industrial suburb of Barcelona.  The feeling on the streets is not comfortable,  says Gonzalez, the daughter of migrants from other parts of Spain who moved to Catalonia decades ago and who plans to vote for pro-unity party Ciudadanos ( Citizens ).  There s a hidden tension.  ",1
11688,Six bodies hung from bridges near Mexico's Los Cabos tourist resort,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The bodies of six men were found hanging from three different bridges near the Mexican tourist resort of Los Cabos on the Baja California peninsula on Wednesday, local authorities said.  The authorities did not give details on what happened to the men, but drug gangs often hang the bodies of their murdered victims in public to intimidate rivals. Drug gang violence is set to make 2017 Mexico s deadliest year in modern history. Two bodies were found on a bridge in Las Veredas, near Los Cabos International Airport, and two on a different bridge on the highway between Cabo San Lucas and San Jose del Cabo, local prosecutors said in a statement.  In a separate statement, the prosecutors said two further bodies were found on a third bridge near the airport. An official from the prosecutor s office, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the bodies of the men had been hung from the bridges. Violent crime has spiked in Baja California, particularly around the once peaceful resort of Los Cabos visited by million of foreign tourists every year. Los Cabos police chief Juan Manuel Mayorga was shot dead last week.  Mexico is on track for its most violent year since records began, with the rise of the Jalisco New Generation Cartel, now one of the country s most powerful, and disputes between other criminal groups fueling murder rates. On Tuesday, authorities in the northern state of Chihuahua said 12 people were killed in clashes between armed groups. The governor of the state of Baja California Sur, Carlos Mendoza Davis, said that authorities were investigating the incidents near Los Cabos.  I condemn these acts and any expression of violence. Today more than ever in #BCS we should be united,  he said via Twitter, using the hashtag for the state s initials. Homicides have more than doubled in Baja California Sur this year, with 409 people killed through October, from 192 in all of 2016. In June authorities said they had found a mass grave with the bodies of 11 men and three women near Los Cabos. More than 4.4 million passengers, mostly international, have passed through Los Cabos Airport so far this year, according to operator Grupo Aeroportuario del Pacifico. ",1
11689,Burst tire may have caused deadly tourist bus crash in Mexico -police,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The driver of a tour bus that crashed on Tuesday on a quiet road in Mexico s Yucatan Peninsula, killing 12 people, may have lost control after one of the front tires exploded, the local police chief said. The bus was carrying 31 passengers, including citizens of the United States, Brazil, Canada and Sweden, on a trip to Mayan ruins when it crashed and flipped over, authorities said. Most of those aboard were travelers on Royal Caribbean cruise ships.  It seems a front tire of the bus exploded, making it lose control and leave the asphalt,  Carlos Briceno Villagomez, head of the police in the municipality of Bacalar, told Mexican TV network Televisa on Tuesday night. The government of Quintana Roo state said it was investigating the cause of the accident, which happened on a flat stretch of road and did not appear to involve another vehicle. The driver was injured and has been arrested. A Mexican tour guide was among those killed.  A local civil protection official said authorities were also investigating whether human error contributed to the accident.   The U.S. State Department confirmed on Wednesday that multiple American citizens had died in the crash. Mexican authorities said eight U.S. citizens died.   We can confirm the deaths of multiple U.S. citizens in #Mexico bus accident, and several injuries. We express our heartfelt condolences to those affected by this tragedy,  State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said in a post on Twitter. One Canadian died in the crash and three others were injured, a spokesman for Canada s Global Affairs department said. Two Swedish citizens died and two others were injured, Mexican authorities said. A child was among the dead. Quintana Roo is one of three states on Mexico s Yucatan Peninsula, a major tourist destination. ",1
11690,"Exclusive: Cameroonian troops entered Nigeria without seeking authorization, sources in Nigeria say","ABUJA/DAKAR (Reuters) - Cameroonian troops this month crossed into Nigeria in pursuit of rebels without seeking authorization from Nigeria, causing a falling-out between the governments behind the scenes, sources familiar with the matter told Reuters. At least one incursion was confirmed by a Nigerian government official, two Nigerian military officers and two foreign diplomats, all of whom spoke on condition of anonymity. Nigerian security forces were deployed to the border to stop any further crossings, said a military source. The Cameroonian and Nigerian governments said in separate statements there were no incursions. Relations between the two countries are good, Cameroon said. Cameroonian military officials and pro-government media accuse Nigeria of sheltering Anglophone insurgents. For the past year they have been based in the dense equatorial forests that straddle the border between the two countries, fighting for an independent state they call Ambazonia. At least 7,000 people have fled as refugees from Anglophone Cameroon to Nigeria following a crackdown ordered this year by President Paul Biya to quell the insurgency, which represents the gravest challenge yet to his 35-year rule. French is the official language for most of Cameroon but two regions speak English and these border Nigeria, which is also Anglophone.  Cameroonian troops were in Nigeria,  said a foreign diplomat.  Zero warning, zero authorization.  The troops crossed into Nigeria at least twice this month, the diplomat and a Nigerian military official told Reuters. The incidents have caused anger on both sides and could sour diplomatic relations further as Cameroon increases pressure on its Anglophone regions, according to the diplomat and a Nigerian government official.  Tensions are high and could escalate,  the government official said. Cameroon government spokesman Issa Tchiroma Bakary denied that troops had crossed the border illegally.  Relations between the two countries are cohesive when it comes to fighting against terrorism. Cameroon and Nigeria are on the same wavelength.   Nigeria s foreign minister, speaking to Reuters after a cabinet meeting in Abuja, also denied the incursions.  The (Nigerian) government had investigated and discovered that it s not true,  said Geoffrey Onyeama, Nigeria s foreign minister. But the Nigerian government official and a diplomat said Cameroon had threatened to suspend senior Nigerian embassy officials in Yaounde after they lodged complaints. Tchiroma and Onyeama denied this. Governments in Africa often play down diplomatic disputes and present a show of harmony even during bitter rows. On Monday, rebels killed four gendarmes, Cameroon s government said, the latest raid on police and military positions in the country s southwest region. Nigeria has for decades been West Africa s powerhouse but  the militaries of the two countries have cooperated extensively to confront a threat posed by Islamist militant group Boko Haram. The group has staged attacks in Nigeria for years but more recently it has also conducted deadly assaults in Cameroon. Cameroon has repeatedly pressed Nigeria to allow it the right of hot pursuit for Boko Haram militants and the issue has left the countries at loggerheads. After Cameroon s military crossed the border this month in pursuit of separatist insurgents, Nigeria sent security forces to deter any future attempts, said one of the military sources.  We were not for war but keeping the peace and protecting our territorial integrity. They were asked to leave and they did and everything has been brought under control,  the source said.  Many refugees have crossed into Nigeria and many more are still crossing and the Cameroon authorities appear to be concerned that the situation may escalate if they keep coming into Nigeria.  Two Cameroonian military officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, told Reuters separatists had set up bases and launched attacks from Nigeria. One attack was on Dec. 14 and involved two groups of at least 100 separatists, one of the officials said.  How do you explain that these guys come to attack us and then leave without being troubled across the border? When we drive them back, these separatists withdraw toward Nigeria,  the official said. Julius Ayuk Tabe, the Nigeria-based chairman of the Ambazonian Governing Council, the political wing of the armed resistance, said he was not aware of any separatist military bases in Nigeria. Cameroon s linguistic divide harks back to the end of World War One, when the German colony of Kamerun was carved up between allied French and British victors. The English-speaking regions joined the French-speaking Republic of Cameroon the year after its independence in 1960. French speakers have dominated the country s politics since. ",1
11691,Saudi-led coalition to allow cranes into Yemen's Hodeidah port,"DUBAI (Reuters) - The Saudi-led coalition will allow four cranes into the Houthi-controlled port of Hodeidah to boost humanitarian aid deliveries into wartorn Yemen, the Saudi ambassador to Sanaa said on Wednesday. Saudi-led forces blocked the port for more than three weeks last month in response to Houthi missile attacks, adding to food shortages in Yemen. A coalition spokesman said on Wednesday the Houthis had fired 83 ballistic missiles towards the kingdom since the war started in 2015.  ",1
11692,German police arrest alleged Islamic State militant in ice rink truck attack plot,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German police arrested a 29-year-old man they said was an active member of Islamic State who was plotting a truck attack on an ice rink.  The arrest, a year after Anis Amri, a failed Tunisian asylum seeker with Islamist links, hijacked a truck and drove it into a Christmas market in Berlin, killing 12 people, comes as security services have warned of growing numbers of radical Islamists in Germany.  He was considering an attack on the ice rink on the Schlossplatz in Karlsruhe,  police in the south-western state of Baden-Wuerttemberg said, adding that the suspect was a German citizen whose name they gave only as Dasbar W.  To that end he was assessing areas around Karlsruhe Castle and, from September 2017, had begun seeking employment as a delivery driver - without success,  the police statement said. In 2015, the suspect traveled to Iraq to fight for Islamic State, receiving weapons training and working as a scout seeking potential attack targets in the city of Erbil, police said. He returned to Germany the following year. Before leaving for Iraq, Dasbar worked for Islamic State from Germany, producing propaganda videos and proselytizing to converts in online chat rooms, police said. Earlier this month, Germany s security service warned that the number of Salafists - followers of a radical Islamist ideology - had risen to an all-time high of 10,800, though the number prepared to mount attacks was in the order of hundreds. ",1
11693,Denmark no longer to automatically accept U.N. refugee resettlement quota,"COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Denmark will no longer automatically accept a quota of refugees under a U.N. resettlement program after passing a law on Wednesday that enables the government to determine how many can enter each year. Since 1989, Denmark has agreed to take 500 refugees a year selected by the United Nations under a program to ease the burden on countries that neighbor war zones.  But after the European migration crisis in 2015 brought almost 20,000 claims for asylum, Denmark has refused to take any U.N. quota refugees. Under the new law, the immigration minister will decide how many refugees will be allowed under the U.N. program, with 500 now the maximum except in an  exceptional situation .    It s hard to predict how many refugees and migrants will show up at the border to seek asylum, and we know it may be hard to integrate those who arrive here,  Immigration and Integration Minister Inger Stojberg said last month when her ministry proposed the law. The opposition Social-Liberal Party said opting out of the U.N. program would increase pressure on countries already accommodating large numbers of refugees, and the move could encourage other countries to follow suit. Last year, more than 6,000 people claimed asylum in Denmark. Between January and November this year just over 3,000 people did.   (Corrects throughout to show new law only applies to U.N. resettlement quota, not other refugee applications.) ",1
11694,Philippine police chief defends deadly drug war of the 'Davao Boys',"MANILA (Reuters) - The police chief of the Philippines on Wednesday stood by the head of a secretive unit behind dozens of killings in the country s war on drugs, saying officers fired only in self-defence and the death toll reflected the danger and the scale of the narcotics problem. National police chief Ronald dela Rosa was responding to a Reuters Special Report that spent four months examining killings by one group of policemen from or near Davao City, the hometown of Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte. Dela Rosa said police district 6 in Quezon City had Metro Manila s most serious drug problem and he personally sent squad commander Lito Patay there because he was a  very professional  and  very dedicated  officer capable of dealing with it. Patay handpicked and headed a unit of 10 men who called themselves the  Davao Boys , which racked up the highest number of kills in Quezon City, a violent frontline in Duterte s ferocious anti-narcotics campaign.  Police station 6 officers killed 108 people in anti-drug operations from July 2016 through June 2017, the campaign s first year, accounting for 39 percent of Quezon City s body count, according to official crime reports analyzed by Reuters. A majority of the killings were carried out by the squad run by Patay, who was reassigned to Quezon City just a few weeks after Duterte unleashed his crackdown.  He (Patay) was chosen because I have big trust in him, he has the balls to face the problems. He will fight,  dela Rosa told reporters.  He is not an officer who is after money, who will be assigned in an area only to collect money, he is not that kind of officer. He has focus. I assigned him there because I know he can deliver.  Asked about the high rate of killings in areas under Patay, he said deaths were inevitable where the drugs trade was rampant.  So what s the problem? The worst drug problem is there in station 6, so if you hit the problem head on, you face the problem head on then, there would always result in casualties,  he said.     Nearly 4,000 mostly urban poor Filipinos have been killed in anti-drug operations since July 2016. Police reject activists  allegations they have executed drug users and peddlers and say they kill only when their lives are in danger. Dela Rosa said Patay has since been reassigned to another province to make him eligible for promotion, reflecting his success in convincing drug suspects in Quezon City to surrender to the authorities.  He said Patay had been  given a free hand  at station 6 and had command responsibility over his operations.   It is his own call whatever he does there, he has to solve the drug problem,  dela Rosa said. The story of the Davao Boys also highlights a larger dynamic: Many of the drug war s key police officers - dela Rosa included - hail from or served in Duterte s hometown, where the campaign s brutal methods originated during his time as mayor. Duterte has repeatedly denied he ordered the killings of criminals and drug dealers during his 22 years as Davao mayor, or his 17 months as president. Dela Rosa appeared frustrated when asked by a reporter if he personally had ordered the deaths of drug suspects in Quezon City. He said Patay s men had no alternative but to kill armed criminals who refused to go quietly.  He was placed there to address the drug problem, and not to kill those who deserved to be killed,  he said of Patay.  If they resist, why would you risk your life? You have to fight back.       ",1
11695,U.N. freedom of speech expert concerned about net neutrality,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The U.N. s freedom of speech expert said on Wednesday he was concerned about the ramifications of a decision in the United States to roll back net neutrality, since it could lead to small and independent voices being drowned out on the web. Last week the U.S. Federal Communications Commission voted to repeal rules intended to ensure a free and open internet, setting up a court fight over a move that could recast the digital landscape. David Kaye, an American law professor and the U.N. Human Rights Council s independent expert on freedom of expression, said net neutrality, the idea that all internet traffic should be treated the same regardless of content, was essential.  Net neutrality is a really, really important principle from the perspective of ensuring broad access to information by all individuals,  Kaye told reporters in Geneva on the sidelines of the Internet Governance Forum.  I don t want to say that tomorrow there will be a huge amount of censorship, but over the long term, combine this with the concentration of media in the United States and in most places around the world, I think we should be worried about the ability of smaller voices that often (find it) harder to get traction in the market.       He said it would take years to know exactly what impact the U.S. move would have.  My concern in the U.S. space is that over time the companies will make decisions based more on their business model than on the content of information and the breadth of information that people should have access to,  he said.   That s a long-term problem and that s why I m very, very concerned about the rollback of net neutrality.  As companies blur the lines between providing the infrastructure and the content that makes up the internet, there is increasing risk of political pressure creeping in, Kaye said.   We used to think of telcos being very separate from content providers. But there s a lot of convergence now. So one of the risks is as content and infrastructure are merged more, the pressures on both, which might be of a political nature ... might restrict certain kinds of coverage.  ",1
11696,Opposition groups quit Iraqi Kurdish government over protests,"BAGHDAD/ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Opposition groups quit the government of Iraq s Kurdish region on Wednesday in protest at violent unrest in which at least three people were killed, with one group saying authorities had shown a flagrant disregard for life. In another test for the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) in northern Iraq, the United States meanwhile called on authorities in the semi-autonomous region to respect press freedoms after it shut down a local broadcaster. The United Nations called for restraint on all sides. Tension has been high in the region since the central government in Baghdad imposed tough measures in response to an independence referendum on Sept. 25 called by the KRG in which Kurds voted overwhelmingly to secede. The move, in defiance of Baghdad, also alarmed neighbouring Turkey and Iran who have their own Kurdish minorities. Strains spilled onto the streets on Monday and Tuesday when Kurds joined protests against years of austerity and unpaid public sector salaries, with some burning down offices belonging to political parties. At least three people were killed and more than 80 wounded on Tuesday in clashes with Kurdish security forces in Sulaimaniya, local officials said. Some were injured when the crowd was shot at with rubber bullets and sprayed with tear gas. On Wednesday leading opposition movement Gorran withdrew its ministers from the KRG and Kurdistan Parliament Speaker Yousif Mohamed, a party member, resigned in response to the violence. Some have demanded the regional government s ousting.  We urge the international community to confront the flagrant disregard for life, liberty and democracy shown by the authorities in #Kurdistan Region,  Gorran said in a tweet. The Kurdistan Islamic Group (Komal), another opposition party with a smaller presence in parliament, also withdrew from the government. The U.S. embassy in Baghdad said on Wednesday it was worried about the closure of a local Kurdish broadcaster at the hands of Iraqi Kurdish security forces a day earlier.  We are concerned by recent actions to curb the operations of some media outlets through force or intimidation, specifically yesterday s raid by Kurdistan Regional Government security forces of the NRT offices in Sulaimaniya,  an embassy statement said. The United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq (UNAMI) also  said Kurdish authorities should respect media freedoms and that it was  deeply concerned  about violence and clashes during the protests. It called for restraint on all sides.  The people have the right to partake in peaceful demonstrations, and the authorities have the responsibility of protecting their citizens, including peaceful protesters,  UNAMI said in a statement. Kurdish Asayish security forces on Tuesday raided the offices of Kurdish private broadcaster NRT in Sulaimaniya province, and took the channel off the air. NRT s founder and opposition figure Shaswar Abdulwahid was also arrested at the Sulaimaniya airport on Tuesday. His family have asked for his release, amid local media reports that another NRT journalist was arrested in Sulaimaniya on Wednesday. In a statement on Tuesday, Kurdish Prime Minister Nechirvan Barzani, who is on an official visit to Germany, told protesters that although he understood their frustrations, the burning of political party offices is  not helpful .  There were no major protests in the city on Wednesday. Security forces from the region s capital Erbil have been deployed to help quell the unrest in Sulaimaniya, security sources told Reuters.  After Tuesday s unrest, curfews were imposed in several towns across the wider Sulaimaniya province, some have lasted through Wednesday. Local media reported smaller protests in towns across the province, including Ranya and Kifri.  ",1
11697,Austria's Kurz says will fight anti-Semitism after Israel voices concern,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austrian Chancellor Sebastian Kurz said on Wednesday his new coalition would focus on fighting anti-Semitism, after Israel made it clear it would not work directly with any ministers from the far-right party now back in government. Kurz, a 31-year-old conservative, was sworn in with the rest of his government on Monday after reaching a coalition deal that handed control of much of Austria s security apparatus to the anti-Islam Freedom Party (FPO). The FPO came third in October s parliamentary election with 26 percent of the vote. Israel reacted to the inauguration by saying it would do business only with the  operational echelons  of government departments headed by an FPO minister. The FPO now controls the foreign, interior and defence ministries, though Foreign Minister Karin Kneissl is not officially a member of the party.  Anti-Semitism has no place in Austria or Europe. We will fight all forms of anti-Semitism with full determination, both those that still exist and those that have been newly imported,  said in a speech outlining the government s goals to parliament.  That will be one of our government s significant tasks.  The FPO, which was founded by former Nazis in the 1950s, says it has left its anti-Semitic past behind it, though it has still had to expel members each year for anti-Semitic or neo-Nazi comments.  It now openly courts Jewish voters, with limited success. Its leader, Heinz-Christian Strache, has also visited the Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial in Jerusalem.  Israel wishes to underline its total commitment to fighting anti-Semitism and commemorating the Holocaust,  the Israeli Foreign Ministry said in a short statement on Monday in response to the Austrian government s swearing in. The European Jewish Congress has called on the new government to take concrete steps against anti-Semitism while taking a generally more inclusive approach.   The Freedom Party cannot use the Jewish community as a fig leaf and must show tolerance and acceptance towards all communities and minorities,  it said on Monday. Austria, where Adolf Hitler was born, was annexed by Nazi Germany in March 1938. Next year will mark the 80th anniversary of that takeover as well as the 100th anniversary of the end of World War One, which led to the break-up of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. Kurz said the events of 1938 were  shameful and sad . His People s Party (OVP) and the FPO published a 180-page coalition manifesto over the weekend, which includes plans to cut public spending, taxes and benefits for refugees. The OVP won October s election with a hard line on immigration that often overlapped with the FPO s. The issue dominated the campaign after Austria took in large numbers of asylum seekers during Europe s migration crisis, many of them from Muslim countries. Austria s Jewish community of just over 10,000 is tiny relative to the more than half a million Muslims who live in the nation of almost 9 million, many of whom are Turkish or of Turkish origin. Both Kurz and Strache have warned of Muslim  parallel societies  they say are emerging in Austria, despite there being few obvious signs of sectarian tension. Kurz flew to Brussels on Tuesday to dispel concerns that his alliance with the far right will undermine the European Union.  In their speeches to parliament, both he and Strache said they opposed Turkey joining the European Union   a position that polls show a majority of Austrians support.  Turkey is moving in the wrong direction, which means Turkey will certainly have no future in the European Union,  said Kurz, who has criticised Ankara s clampdown on dissent since a failed coup last year. On Tuesday night during his first foreign visit as chancellor, to Brussels, Kurz told broadcaster ORF he would  soon  meet Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.  I hope we will succeed in dispelling the concerns that exist regarding the FPO government members,  Kurz said.  It would be in the interest of both our countries.  ",1
11698,"Strikes kill 19 in rebel village in Syria's Idlib: Observatory, rescue service","BEIRUT (Reuters) - Air strikes killed 19 people in a village in Syria s rebel stronghold of Idlib overnight, a rescue service there and the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said on Wednesday. The strikes pounded Maar Shureen in the northwestern Idlib province and injured 25 other people, the Britain-based Observatory said. The dead included seven children, it said. The war monitoring group added that Syrian government or Russian aircraft had struck the village. Russia s Defence Ministry denied involvement, saying in a statement carried by RIA news agency that its jets had not flown in that area.  There was no immediate comment from the Syrian military, which says it only targets militants.  Idlib s civil defense, a rescue service known as the White Helmets which operates in rebel territory, said on social media that fierce bombing killed 19 people overnight.  There were two consecutive strikes...The second strike came shortly before rescue teams arrived,  Mustafa Youssef, who heads the Idlib civil defense, said.  The Damascus government lost Idlib after insurgents took over the provincial capital in 2015. It has since become the only province fully under opposition control, and the most populated insurgent-held part of Syria.  Hayat Tahrir al Sham, the Islamist alliance spearheaded by the former al-Qaeda affiliate in Syria, is the dominant rebel force in Idlib. This has raised fears among some civilians and other rebel factions that the province could come under attack and turn into a major battlefield. Thousands of civilians and fighters have poured into Idlib in the past year, bussed out of towns and cities which Syrian troops seized with the help of Russia and Iran-backed militias. Government forces and their allies stepped up air strikes against opposition towns in the Hama countryside and the southern part of Idlib, rebels said last week.   The province, bordering Turkey, is part of Russian-brokered de-escalation agreements that seek to shore up ceasefires in parts of western Syria. Turkey, which had long backed some Syrian rebel factions, set up observation posts in Idlib in October under a deal with Russia and Iran to reduce fighting there.  Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan has said the military operation in Idlib was largely completed. The deployment was also seen partly aimed at containing Kurdish influence nearby in northern Syria. ",1
11699,EU executive moves to punish Poland over court reforms,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The EU executive launched an unprecedented process on Wednesday to suspend Poland s voting rights in the European Union after two years of dispute over judicial reforms that Brussels says undermine Polish courts  independence. The European Commission, the guardian of EU law, will now ask the other EU governments to declare that Poland s changes to the judiciary constitute  a clear risk of a serious breach  of EU values   especially the rule of law. However, it gave Warsaw, where a new prime minister took office only this month, three months to remedy the situation and said it could rescind its decision if it did so. Often referred to as the EU s  nuclear option , the move carries the ultimate threat of sanctions but is in fact unlikely to result in that.  The Commission has today concluded that there is a clear risk of a serious breach of the rule of law in Poland,  the Commission said in a statement.  Judicial reforms in Poland mean that the country s judiciary is now under the political control of the ruling majority. In the absence of judicial independence, serious questions are raised about the effective application of EU law.  The Commission s deputy head, First Vice President Frans Timmermans, who has conducted talks with the Polish government dominated by Law and Justice Party leader Jaroslaw Kaczynski for the past two years, said he was acting  with a heavy heart  but was obliged to take action to protect the Union as a whole.  We are open for dialogue 24/7,  Timmermans said, saying that if Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki, who took office just this month, were to change tack, he would be ready to respond. But Timmermans insisted:  As guardians of the treaty, the Commission is under a strict responsibility to act ... If the application of the rule of law is left completely to the individual member states, then the whole of the EU will suffer.    This decision has no merit. It is in our opinion a purely political decision,  Beata Mazurek, a spokeswoman for Poland s ruling party, was quoted as saying by state news agency PAP. Stung by Britain s vote last year to leave the Union, the EU institutions are battling a rise in euroskeptic nationalism across the continent and particularly in the former Communist east, where Poland s ally Hungary has also prompted previously the Commission to threaten sanctions over the rule of law. Seeking to counter Warsaw s accusations of an anti-Polish bias in Brussels and in his own behavior, Timmermans, who once worked in the Soviet bloc as a Dutch diplomat, praised Poland s historic contribution to overcoming the Cold War divide of Europe but said Warsaw now bore a special responsibility to prevent new rifts opening up over democratic principles.  I want to stand by the Polish people in this time which is very difficult for them, and for us,  he said, adding that the defending a separation of powers was of  existential importance not just for the Polish nation but for the EU as a whole . The next step in the process is that EU governments, meeting in the Council of the European Union, will hear Poland out and ask it to address their concerns.  But if 22 out of the EU s 28 countries and the European Parliament are not satisfied in the end, the process will move on to the next stages, which may mean sanctions. The sanctions can involve the suspension of  the rights deriving from the application of the Treaties to the Member State in question, including the voting rights .  This formulation leaves open the possibility also of suspending EU financial transfers to Poland, now the biggest beneficiary of European funds aimed at boosting living standards in the former communist country. Sanctions can be imposed with the backing of a majority of countries representing a majority of the EU s citizens. But to get to that stage, EU governments have first to unanimously agree that what was initially just a risk of a serious breach of the rule of law has now become a reality. This is unlikely to happen, because Hungary has already declared that it would not support such a motion against Poland. But the mere threat of it underlines the sharp deterioration in ties between Warsaw and Brussels since the nationalist Law and Justice (PiS) party won power in late 2015. The Commission and Council of Europe legal experts, known as the Venice Commission, say Poland s judicial reforms undermine judges  independence because they give the ruling party control over the sacking and the appointments of judges, as well as the option to end the terms of some Supreme Court judges early. The Council of Europe, Europe s human rights watchdog, has compared such measures to those of the Soviet system. The PiS government rejects these accusations, saying the changes are needed because courts are slow, inefficient and steeped in a communist era-mentality. Polish President Andrzej Duda has until Jan. 5 to sign them into law. ",1
11700,Polish president signs judicial overhaul bills into law,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Polish President Andrzej Duda has signed into law two bills overhauling the judiciary, he said on Wednesday, in defiance of European Union criticism that the legislation undermines the rule of law in central Europe s largest economy.  I have taken a decision to sign these bills,  Duda said in a statement broadcast on public television. Earlier on Wednesday, the EU executive launched an unprecedented action against Poland over its reforms of the judicial system. ",1
11701,Romania senate backs bill seen in West as threat to judiciary,"BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Romania s senate approved on Wednesday part of a judicial overhaul criticized by the European Commission, the United States and the country s own president as a threat to judicial independence. The bill passed by the assembly is one of three that have triggered street protests across the country, a European Union state ranked as one of the bloc s most corrupt, and drawn opposition from thousands of magistrates.  The three bills jointly limit magistrates  independence and set up a special unit to probe crimes committed by magistrates. This makes magistrates the only professional category with a prosecuting unit dedicated to investigating them. The proposed changes mean the country is joining its eastern European peers Hungary and Poland, where populist leaders are also trying to control the judiciary, in defying EU concerns over the rule of law. Lawmakers approved another bill on Tuesday, amending the definition of prosecutor s activity to exclude the word  independent . A third bill is widely expected to be approved on Thursday. The Commission launched an unprecedented action on Poland on Wednesday, calling on other member states to prepare to sanction Warsaw if it fails to reverse judicial reforms it says pose a threat to democracy. Romanian President Klaus Iohannis said there were  obvious risks  that the Commission could do the same in Romania s case if the legal changes take hold.  If someone imagines there will not be consequences, then they are from the moon,  Iohannis told reporters.  There will be consequences, the magnitude depends on the laws  final form.      It could be months before the bills are enforced. Opposition parties plan to challenge them in the Constitutional Court. The president could do the same, as well as send them back to parliament for re-examination, something he can do only once. He could also trigger a country-wide referendum on continuing the fight against corruption.  Romania s ruling Social Democrats, which command an overwhelming majority in parliament together with their junior coalition partner, ALDE, have so far ignored the warnings.  They are also working on changes to the criminal code that critics say will derail law and order. The country s prosecutor general, chief anti-corruption prosecutor and the head of the anti-organized crime unit have all criticized the proposed changes which they said will not only end the anti-graft fight but endanger general safety. Hundreds of magistrates protested in silence this week, lining the steps of courthouses across the country. Romania s anti-corruption prosecution unit has sent 72 members of parliament to trial since 2006. The speakers of parliament s lower house and senate are both currently on trial in separate cases. ",1
11702,"After U.S. veto, U.N. General Assembly to meet on Jerusalem status","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The 193-member United Nations General Assembly will hold a rare emergency special session on Thursday at the request of Arab and Muslim states on U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital, sparking a warning from Washington that it will  take names.  Palestinian U.N. envoy Riyad Mansour said the General Assembly would vote on a draft resolution calling for Trump s declaration to be withdrawn, which was vetoed by the United States in the 15-member U.N. Security Council on Monday. The remaining 14 Security Council members voted in favor of the Egyptian-drafted resolution, which did not specifically mention the United States or Trump but which expressed  deep regret at recent decisions concerning the status of Jerusalem.  Mansour said on Monday he hoped there would be  overwhelming support  in the General Assembly for the resolution. Such a vote is non-binding, but carries political weight. U.S. Ambassador Nikki Haley, in a letter to dozens of U.N. states on Tuesday seen by Reuters, warned that the United States would remember those who voted for the resolution criticizing the U.S. decision.  The president will be watching this vote carefully and has requested I report back on those countries who voted against us. We will take note of each and every vote on this issue,  Haley wrote.  She echoed that call in a Twitter post: The U.S. will be taking names.  Under a 1950 resolution, an emergency special session can be called for the General Assembly to consider a matter  with a view to making appropriate recommendations to members for collective measures  if the Security Council fails to act. Only 10 such sessions have been convened, and the last time the General Assembly met in such a session was in 2009 on occupied East Jerusalem and Palestinian territories. Thursday s meeting will be a resumption of that session.  Trump abruptly reversed decades of U.S. policy this month when he recognized Jerusalem as Israel s capital, generating outrage from Palestinians and the Arab world and concern among Washington s Western allies. Trump also plans to move the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv. The draft U.N. resolution calls on all countries to refrain from establishing diplomatic missions in Jerusalem.  Haley said on Monday that the resolution was vetoed in the Security Council in defense of U.S. sovereignty and the U.S. role in the Middle East peace process. She criticized it as an insult to Washington and an embarrassment to council members. Israel considers Jerusalem its eternal and indivisible capital and wants all embassies based there. Palestinians want the capital of an independent Palestinian state to be in the city s eastern sector, which Israel captured in a 1967 war and annexed in a move never recognized internationally. ",1
11703,"Turkey says U.S. isolated on Jerusalem, issuing threats","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey said on Wednesday the United States has isolated itself by recognizing Jerusalem as Israel s capital and accused it of threatening countries that might vote against it on the matter at an emergency U.N. General Assembly session. Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu, whose country has led Muslim opposition to Washington s stance on Jerusalem, was speaking before leaving Istanbul with the Palestinian foreign minister to attend Thursday s gathering in New York.  With his Dec. 6 decision, President Donald Trump reversed decades of U.S. policy, and upset an international consensus enshrined in U.N. resolutions, that treated Jerusalem s status as unresolved. Israel captured East Jerusalem in a 1967 war and Palestinians want it as the capital of a future state they seek.  Trump s move stirred outrage among Palestinians and in the Arab world, and concern among Washington s Western allies. On Monday, the United States vetoed a U.N. Security Council draft resolution calling on it to withdraw its declaration. Thel 14 other council members, including close U.S. allies such as Japan and four European Union countries, backed the draft.  On Thursday there ll be a vote criticizing our choice,  U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Twitter.  The U.S. will be taking names.   Cavusoglu said that was a threat, and called on Washington - a NATO ally of Turkey - to change course.  We expect strong support at the UN vote, but we see that the United States, which was left alone, is now resorting to threats. No honorable, dignified country would bow down to this pressure,  Cavusoglu told a news conference held together with his Palestinian counterpart Riyad al-Maliki.   We want America to turn back from this wrong and unacceptable decision,  Cavusoglu said earlier in the Azeri capital Baku, where he met Iranian and Azeri ministers.  God willing, we will push through the General Assembly a resolution in favor of Palestine and Jerusalem,  he said. The rare emergency session of the 193-member U.N. General Assembly was called at the request of Arab and Muslim states. Palestinian U.N. envoy Riyad Mansour has said the General Assembly would vote on a draft resolution calling for the U.S. declaration to be withdrawn. Such a vote is non-binding, but carries political weight.  Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan has lambasted Trump s move, and hosted a summit of Muslim leaders last week which called for East Jerusalem to be recognized as the capital of Palestine. Israel calls Jerusalem its indivisible and eternal capital.  From now on we will be more active in defending the rights of Palestinians. We will work harder for the international recognition of an independent Palestinian state,  Cavusoglu told reporters in Baku. ",1
11704,"Germany's conservatives, SPD start talks Jan. 7 on another 'grand coalition'","(Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives and the Social Democrats (SPD) have agreed to exploratory talks on forming a new government starting on Jan. 7, both parties said on Wednesday after informal discussions. The decision, 87 days after a national election that returned a fragmented parliament and complicated coalition arithmetic, brightens prospects for a renewal of the  grand coalition  that governed Germany over the past four years. A repeat coalition is Merkel s best chance of securing a fourth term as chancellor after talks on forming a three-way alliance with two smaller parties broke down, leaving Europe s largest economy in an unprecedented state of uncertainty.  It was a good discussion in a trusting atmosphere,  the parties said in a joint statement after leaders met on Wednesday. They agreed to hold four days of talks from Jan. 7, with the aim of deciding by Jan. 12 whether to open formal coalition negotiations. Even in the most optimistic case, Germany will have smashed 2013 s post-World War Two record of needing 86 days to form a new government after an election. The hiatus highlights that Germany, long Europe s bastion of stability, is not immune to the political fragmentation that has swept the continent. The conservatives and Social Democrats have identified 15 policy areas for exploration, including education, the welfare state and employment law, where the SPD is keen to carve out a distinctive left-wing identity for itself after a disastrous election showing blamed in part on Merkel s dominant stature. The SPD s membership, which tends to be more radical than the party leadership, will have to ratify any decision to repeat a coalition with Merkel, who has been in power for 12 years. (This version of the story corrects the date to Jan. 12 in fourth paragraph) ",1
11705,Turkish banker makes second bid for mistrial in U.S. sanctions case,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Lawyers for an executive at Turkey s majority state-owned Halkbank who is accused of helping Iran evade U.S. sanctions on Wednesday asked a U.S. federal judge to declare a mistrial as jurors were expected to begin deliberating. In a motion filed in Manhattan federal court, the lawyers for Mehmet Hakan Atilla said prosecutors had prejudiced the jury by asking their client during cross-examination on Tuesday whether he remembered that a report by a Turkish expert concluded he violated sanctions. Atilla s lawyers immediately objected before Atilla could answer, and U.S. District Judge Richard Berman ordered the question stricken from the record. However, Atilla s lawyers said Wednesday that the damage had been done. They said jurors should not have been allowed to hear about the Turkish report because its author was not in court, depriving Atilla of his right to confront his accuser. They also said the question  grossly mischaracterized  the report s conclusion.  Asking this question in open court had the effect of introducing otherwise inadmissible hearsay and an expert opinion on the ultimate issue for the jury,  they said. Berman ordered prosecutors to respond to the motion by 5 p.m. (2200 GMT) Wednesday. Jurors had been expected to begin deliberating Wednesday morning after a three-week trial that has strained diplomatic relations between the United States and Turkey. At the center of the trial was explosive testimony from Turkish-Iranian gold trader Reza Zarrab, who pleaded guilty to charges of violating sanctions and testified for U.S. prosecutors. Zarrab testified that Atilla helped design fraudulent transactions of gold and food that allowed Iran to spend its oil and gas revenues abroad, including through U.S. financial institutions, defying U.S. sanctions. Zarrab also implicated Turkish officials in the scheme, including President Tayyip Erdogan. Attempts to reach Erdogan s spokesman for comment on the allegations at the trial have been unsuccessful. Erdogan has publicly dismissed the case as a politically motivated attack on his government. Atilla, testifying in his own defense at the trial, denied all the charges against him. Halkbank has denied taking part in any illegal transactions. Atilla s lawyers already asked for a mistrial last week after jurors heard testimony from Huseyin Korkmaz, a former Turkish police officer who said he led an investigation that included Atilla and was forced to flee Turkey to escape retaliation. Berman denied that motion. U.S. prosecutors charged nine people in the criminal case, though only Zarrab, 34, and Atilla, 47, were arrested by U.S. authorities. ",1
11706,Swiss government urges voters to reject call for national ban on face veils,"ZURICH (Reuters) - The Swiss government urged voters on Wednesday to reject a campaign for a nationwide ban on face veils, saying any  decision on facial coverings was a matter for Switzerland s cantons individually. But, in a counter move to a referendum to be held by 2020, the government said it would propose to voters a ban on face veils being worn by individuals while doing business with federal authorities, including in immigration offices or employment agencies.  Regulation of public spaces in Switzerland is traditionally a cantonal matter,  the government said in a statement.  So cantons should continue to decide for themselves whether to enact a ban on facial coverings.  In particular, it said it was down to individual cantons to decide how they handled tourists from the Arab world who wore the veil. In September, activists submitted a petition for a nationwide ban after collecting more than the 100,000 signatures required to put the proposal to a binding referendum. Several cantons have already taken a stand on the issue. Zurich, Solothurn, Schwyz, Basel City and Glarus have rejected a ban on veils, while Italian-speaking Ticino has imposed a ban. At least two demonstrators who wore veils in Ticino in defiance of the ban were fined 250 Swiss francs ($260), according to media reports. The parliament in St. Gallen canton this year backed a ban on facial coverings which were deemed likely to endanger public security or upset the peace. With an eye to the referendum, the federal government said it would also present a proposal to stop individuals being forced to cover their face.  We can not allow husbands and fathers to demand their wives and daughters wear a face veil,  Justice Minister Simonetta Sommaruga told a news conference. ",1
11707,Zimbabwe's Mnangagwa promises zero tolerance in corruption fight,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwean President Emmerson Mnangagwa on Wednesday promised zero tolerance in his government s push to punish corruption that stifled political freedom and economic growth under Robert Mugabe s 37-year rule. Mnangagwa, giving his first state of the nation address since he assumed power last month following a de facto coup that ousted his 93-year-old predecessor, has sought to draw a line under years of endemic corruption and impunity.  Under pressure to deliver results, especially on an economy crippled by severe currency shortages, Mnangagwa said reforms of a bloated state sector would be launched in early 2018.  With opposition parties calling for widespread political reforms before an election next year, he repeated a promise that his government would do everything in its power to ensure a credible, free and fair ballot.  Corruption remains the major source of some of the problems we face as a country and its retarding impact on national development cannot be overemphasized,  Mnangagwa told a joint sitting of the country s two houses of parliament.  On individual cases of corruption, every case must be investigated and punished in accordance with the dictates of our laws. There should be no sacred cows. My government will have zero tolerance towards corruption and this has already begun.  The latter was an apparent reference to comments last week he would name and shame those who failed to return stolen public funds after a three-month amnesty ends in February.  His government is also pursuing corruption charges dating back over two decades against former finance minister Ignatius Chombo, a close ally of Mugabe and his wife, Grace. Chombo, whose lawyer has said he will deny the charges, faces trial early next year. In the latter half of Mugabe s rule the economy fell apart amid the violent and chaotic seizure of thousands of white-owned commercial farms. Billions of dollars of domestic debt issued to pay for a bloated civil service triggered a collapse in the value of Zimbabwe s de facto currency and hyperinflation.     Mnangagwa said the government would in the first quarter of next year announce a program to reform, commercialize or shut down some state-owned firms he said had been  for a long time an albatross around the government s neck . Zimbabwe s efforts to re-engage international lenders and lure investors will rest on the credibility of next year s election, and the president again pledged a commitment to a free and fair vote. To level a playing field they say is skewed in favor of Mnangagwa s ZANU-PF party, opposition parties have however challenged his army-backed government to first enact a long list of electoral reforms. They include a new voters  roll, opposition access to public media, allowing an estimated three million Zimbabweans living abroad to vote and international observers including the United Nations.  We would like to see genuine, credible electoral reforms that will lead to free and fair elections and they must be underwritten and guaranteed by the international community,  Tendai Biti, leader of the opposition MDC Alliance, told reporters ahead of Mnangagwa s address. Biti and other members of the alliance also criticized what they called the  militarization  of the government following the appointment of two former senior military officials to the new cabinet.  Mnangagwa gave his clearest signal yet on Tuesday that he would appoint as vice president Constantino Chiwenga, the military leader who led the coup that ousted Mugabe. Chris Mutsvangwa, adviser to the president and the influential leader of the war veterans  association, has rejected the criticism of the appointments, saying they were not unique to Zimbabwe.   ",1
11708,Bulgaria parliament passes anti-corruption law under EU pressure,"SOFIA (Reuters) - Bulgaria s parliament passed anti-corruption legislation on Wednesday under European Union pressure over its failure to prosecute venal officials, but President Rumen Radev has said the bill is not fit for purpose and he will veto it. The Balkan, formerly communist country is the poorest as well as one of the most corrupt countries in the EU, which it joined in 2007, and has made scant progress towards stamping out graft and organized crime. The European Commission, the EU s executive, has repeatedly rebuked Bulgaria for failing to prosecute and sentence allegedly corrupt officials and for not overhauling a creaking judiciary.  This law corresponds to the wishes of Bulgarian citizens and the European Commission,  said Tsvetan Tsvetanov, chairman of the ruling GERB party s parliamentary group. Analysts voiced concern, though, that the bill would not allow efficient investigations of corruption networks. The management of a special anti-graft unit envisaged by the legislation would be appointed by parliament, something analysts said could limit its objectivity.  Radev said the new five-person unit, meant to investigate persons occupying high state posts as well as assets and conflict of interest, may not be truly independent and could be used by those in power to persecute opponents.  The instruments envisaged in this law are ineffective,  Radev said last week.  It does not deal a blow on those who feed corruption, and it can be used as a weapon against inconvenient people.  He said he would veto the measure. The president, prime minister and lawmakers could be targets of investigation, as well as municipal councillors, directors of hospitals and border customs bosses. The new law also focuses on improving control and accountability of law-enforcement agencies, just before Bulgaria assumes the six-month, rotating EU presidency in January. Corruption has deterred foreign investment since communism collapsed in Bulgaria in 1989, and the EU has kept Sofia as well as neighboring Romania - for the same rule-of-law failings - outside its Schengen zone of passport-free travel. ",1
11709,Peru cancels copper project auction amid political crisis: sources,"LIMA (Reuters) - The center-right government of Peru s embattled President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski canceled its scheduled auction of a $2 billion copper project, Michiquillay, on Wednesday amid a growing political crisis, two government sources said. The regional bloc Organization of American States said earlier on Wednesday that it was preparing to send a delegation to Peru, the world s second biggest copper producer, to observe the  political situation  at the request of Kuczynski ahead of a vote in Congress to oust him on Thursday. ",1
11710,Saudi king receives Palestinian president Abbas,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia s King Salman received Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in Riyadh on Wednesday and reiterated the kingdom s support for the Palestinian people, state news agency SPA reported.  The king reassured the Palestinian leader that Saudi Arabia continues to support the right of Palestinians to an independent state with East Jerusalem as its capital, SPA said.   The two leaders also discussed the latest developments in the Palestinian territories, it said. A dozen Saudi princes and officials also attended the meeting.  Saudi Arabia condemned U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and said any decision to move the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem before a permanent peace settlement is reached would inflame the feelings of Muslims, official media reported. ",1
11711,"Kidnapped aid workers in South Sudan released: U.N., rebels","JUBA (Reuters) - Six aid workers kidnapped by rebels in South Sudan earlier this week have been released, according to the United Nations and a spokesman for the rebels.  The aid workers are from the French organization Solidarites International and had been kidnapped on Sunday while traveling on a road near the city of Raja, in the west of the country.   All of them were released and they have landed safely in Wau,  another city in the west of the country, a United Nations official in Juba who spoke on condition of anonymity told Reuters. He said one of those who had been held by the rebels was a foreigner.  Rebel spokesman Lam Paul Gabriel told Reuters that the six humanitarian aid workers had been freed:  All their belongings were given back to them including their vehicles.  It was not clear why the rebels had taken the aid workers and their vehicles into custody. Solidarites said in a statement on Monday that it had lost contact with three members of its team on Saturday. [L8N1OI50M] It gave no indication of their fate and it was not immediately clear why it gave a different number of those involved.  The spokesman for Solidarites in Paris did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the announcement of the release of its staff. The army spokesman in Juba also did not respond to request for comment. South Sudan is one of the world s most dangerous countries for aid workers. Some 28 aid workers have been killed this year, with nine shot dead in November alone, according to the United Nations. The world s youngest nation is embroiled in a civil war that has killed tens of thousands of people and forced a third of the 12 million strong population to flee their homes.  ",1
11712,U.S. concerned by KRG security raid on local broadcaster: embassy,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The U.S. Embassy in Baghdad said on Wednesday it was concerned by the closure of a local Kurdish broadcaster at the hands of Iraqi Kurdish security forces a day earlier.  We are concerned by recent actions to curb the operations of some media outlets through force or intimidation, specifically yesterday s raid by Kurdistan Regional Government security forces of the NRT offices in Sulaimaniya,  the embassy said in a statement. ",1
11713,"Ukraine, allies fear escalation after Russia exits ceasefire group","KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainian officials, security monitors and Kiev s foreign backers warned on Wednesday that Moscow s decision to withdraw from a Ukrainian-Russian ceasefire control group could worsen the fighting in eastern Ukraine. On Monday, the Russian foreign ministry said it was recalling officers serving at the Joint Centre for Control and Coordination (JCCC) in Ukraine, accusing the Ukrainian side of obstructing their work and limiting access to the front line. Ukrainian Defence Minister Stepan Poltorak and security chief Olekshandr Turchynov said the decision, coupled with a recent surge in fighting in the eastern Donbass region, suggested Russia had switched to a more offensive strategy.  We cannot rule out that they withdrew their officers in order to start stepping up not only military provocations but also military operations,   Turchynov said.  We will strengthen our positions at the front.   The Ukrainian armed forces are currently prepared for a change in the situation,  Poltorak told journalists. A Russia-backed separatist insurgency erupted in 2014 and the bloodshed has continued despite a ceasefire that was meant to end the conflict. More than 10,000 people have been killed, with casualties reported on a near-daily basis. A spokesman for the Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe, which works with the JCCC to monitor the much-violated Minsk peace agreement, said:   We are concerned about any step that might lead to a further deterioration of the security situation in the region, affecting both the SMM (OSCE special monitoring mission) and the civilian population.   Fighting between Ukrainian troops and separatists has climbed to the worst level in months, the OSCE said this week, after the shelling of a frontline village wounded civilians and destroyed or damaged dozens of homes. Russia denies accusations from Ukraine and NATO it supports the rebels with troops and weapons, but the U.S. envoy to peace talks, Kurt Volker, said Moscow was answerable for the violence.   Russia withdrew its officers from JCCC - a ceasefire implementation tool - right before a massive escalation in ceasefire violations. Ukraine just suffered some of the worst fighting since February, 2017. Decision for peace lies with Russia,  Volker tweeted on Tuesday. Germany and France, which have spearheaded international efforts to resolve the conflict, expressed concern. A Germany foreign ministry spokesman said  it could have severe consequences for civilians in the conflict zones.   We call on the Russian authorities to reconsider this decision and hope that the Ukrainian authorities will guarantee access to Ukrainian territory to Russian representatives of the joint center (JCCC),  said Alexandre Giorgini, deputy spokesman for the French foreign ministry. Created in 2014, the JCCC is made up of Ukrainian and Russian officers, who are meant to work together to ensure the safety of OSCE monitors and help implement the Minsk ceasefire.  ",1
11714,"French PM defends flight home for 350,000 euros","PARIS (Reuters) - France s prime minister, whose government has vowed to clean up politics, was forced on Wednesday to defend his decision to hire a private jet for 350,000 euros ($415,000) to fly back from Japan. Opposition politicians decried Edouard Philippe s use of the private charter, and a non-governmental agency that pursues financial wrongdoing in high places accused him of ignoring his own government s pledges of exemplary behavior. President Emmanuel Macron came under fire earlier this month for celebrating his 40th birthday in the grounds of a royal palace. His office sought to play that down, saying the event had been paid for by Macron and his wife. Philippe acknowledged on RTL radio that he and his delegation flew back to Paris from Tokyo, after an official trip to New Caledonia, at a cost of 350,000 euros, but said he had been obliged to do so.  I totally understand the surprise and the questions of the French people,  Philippe said.  We knew there was no commercial flight at the time we needed to return, and we knew we had to return because the President was leaving on the Wednesday morning of our return for Algeria,  he said.  The rule is that, whenever possible, (either) the Prime Minister or the President must be on national territory ... I take full responsibility for this decision.  Karim Bouamrane, spokesman for the Socialist Party, said on Twitter that the flight pointed to  amateurism  regarding the organizational skills of Philippe s team. Macron put financial and ethical probity in public life at the heart of a presidential election race he won last May, and his new government passed a law to tighten up on ethical standards in French politics. He has struggled nonetheless to shake detractors  charges that he is a  president of the rich  after reforms including the scrapping of a wealth tax and reductions in housing benefit - moves Macron says will boost investment and social mobility. In August, social media commentators and political opponents criticized the French president after it emerged he spent 26,000 euros on makeup during his first 100 days in office. Anticor, a non-governmental agency that focuses on financial corruption and profligacy in politics, said use of a private jet was at odds with Macron and his government s declarations that financial probity was a priority. ($1 = 0.8450 euros) ",1
11715,Factbox: EU launches action against Poland over courts reform,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Below are details of the European Commission s decision to launch the Article 7 procedure against Poland on Wednesday over judicial reforms that Brussels says undermine Polish courts  independence. The procedure could lead to a suspension of Poland s voting rights in the EU if approved by all over EU members except Poland. Hungary has said it would veto any sanctions on Poland. First Vice President of the European Commission, Frans Timmermans, said at a news conference on Wednesday that thirteen laws passed in Poland over the last two years  put at serious risk the independence of the judiciary and the separation of powers in Poland .  The common pattern of all these legislative changes is that the executive or legislative powers are now set up in such a way that the ruling majority can systematically, politically interfere with the composition, the powers, the administration and the functioning of these authorities, thereby rendering the independence of the judiciary completely moot,  Timmermans said. He said that laws passed by Poland s parliament mean that: Almost 40 percent of current Supreme Court judges will be forced into compulsory retirement Poland s president will have discretionary power to decide if and for how long to prolong their mandates New Supreme Court judges will be appointed by the president on the recommendation of the newly composed National Council for the Judiciary (NCJ), which is dominated by political appointees of the ruling party. This politicized Supreme Court will decide directly about the validity of election results  A number of judges in ordinary courts are forced to retire following a decrease of the retirement age of judges. Their mandates can be prolonged at the discretion of the Minister of the justice minister who is also the chief prosecutor Justice minister has discretionary power to appoint and dismiss all presidents of courts   without concrete criteria, no obligation to state reasons and no judicial review Mandates of members of NCJ will be prematurely terminated and members will be reappointed by Polish parliament instead of by other judges as required by European standards NCJ plays key role throughout the career of judges when it comes to their appointments, their promotions, to where they are assigned to in the country and the courts, to disciplinary proceedings Timmermans said on Wednesday the European Commission asks Poland to: Restore the independence and legitimacy of the Constitutional Tribunal by ensuring that its judges, its President and its Vice-President are lawfully elected and appointed Publish and implement fully the three 2016 verdicts of the Constitutional Tribunal Amend the law on the Supreme Court so as to not apply a lowered retirement age to the current Supreme Court judges, and remove the discretionary powers of the President of Poland and remove the extraordinary appeal procedure Amend the law on the ordinary courts so as to remove the new retirement regime for judges of ordinary courts Amend the law on the National Council for the Judiciary so as to ensure that the mandate of members of the Council is not terminated and the members are elected by other judges The Commission said that should the Polish authorities implement the recommended actions in the coming three months the Commission stands ready to reconsider its decision to move forward with the Article 7 procedure. ",1
11716,Myanmar military appoints general to probe mass grave in Rakhine state,"YANGON (Reuters) - Myanmar s army said on Wednesday that it had appointed a senior officer to investigate whether any members of the security forces were involved in the killing of 10 people whose bodies have been uncovered in a mass grave in Rakhine State. A violent crackdown by the security forces in response to attacks by militants in the western state has caused around 650,000 Rohingya Muslims to flee to Bangladesh in recent months. The discover of the grave, at the village of Inn Din, about 50 km (30 miles) north of the state capital Sittwe, was announced by the military two days ago. In a statement posted on the Facebook page of the military s commander-in-chief, Senior General Min Aung Hlaing, the army said a five-member investigation team had left the capital Naypyitaw on Wednesday. The team, led by Lieutenant General Aye Win, would  investigate whether the security forces took part or not, in relation to the unidentified dead bodies found in Inn Din village graveyard . It gave no further details and military officials were not immediately available for comment. General Aye Win is the same officer who led a wider probe into the conduct of troops in a conflict that began in late August, which concluded in a report last month that no atrocities took place. Myanmar s armed forces launched what they termed clearance operations in northern Rakhine, where many of the stateless Muslim minority lived, after Rohingya militants attacked 30 police posts and an army base on Aug. 25. Rights monitors have accused troops of abuses, including killings, mass rape and arson during those operations. The United States has said it amounted to  ethnic cleansing . Myanmar s civilian leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, has faced fierce international criticism for failing to do more to protect the Rohingya. The civilian government, which has no control over the military, has said the army was engaged in legitimate counter-insurgency operations. It has promised to investigate allegations of abuses in Rakhine if it is given evidence. ",1
11717,Senior Saudi prince says Trump's Jerusalem move threatens stability,"RIYADH (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital will stoke violence in the region, former Saudi intelligence chief Prince Turki al-Faisal said, dismissing reports of prior consultations made with Riyadh over the move.   It is a very bad decision. The consequences will be more bloodshed, more conflict rather than peaceful resolution,  Prince Turki, a senior royal family member and a former ambassador to Washington, told Reuters in an interview on Tuesday in Riyadh. Trump reversed decades of U.S. policy and veered from international consensus this month by recognizing Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. Most countries say the city s status must be left to negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians. Saudi Arabia condemned the decision. Saudi King Salman told President Trump that any decision to move the U.S. Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem before a permanent peace settlement is reached will inflame the feelings of Muslims, official media reported. But Saudi Arabia stopped short of calling for any Arab action against the decision. Palestinian officials say Riyadh has been working for weeks behind the scenes to press them to support a nascent U.S. peace plan.  The reaction here was total surprise,  said Prince Turki, who now holds no government office but remains influential.   ... If there has been prior consultation or anything like that, why would the King go through the process of telling him (Trump) this is a bad idea and make that known publicly?    I don t think there ever was any discussion of this  before the decision was taken, he added. As regards possible Saudi and Arab action in response to Trump s decision, Prince Turki said:  I am sure lots of people would prefer to have something just for the sake of appearance but I don t think that s how the Saudi government operates. If it is going to take action, it is going to be a serious action.  Four Palestinian officials, who spoke on condition they not be named, said Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas have discussed in detail a grand bargain that Trump and Jared Kushner, the president s son-in-law and adviser, are expected to unveil in the first half of 2018. Arab officials say the plan is still in its early phases of development.  Prince Turki said he was unaware of details of any such  plan. Prince Turki is a son of King Faisal, who was assassinated in 1975. His brother, Saud al-Faisal, served as foreign minister for 40 years until 2015, and their branch of the family is seen as influential over Saudi foreign policy, even as Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has solidified his authority. Prince Saud championed a 2002 Arab peace initiative which called for normalizing relations between Arab countries and Israel in return for Israel s withdrawal from lands occupied in the 1967 Middle East war. In a letter to Trump published in a Saudi newspaper on Dec. 11, Prince Turki said that Trump s  opportunistic  Jerusalem move would threaten security in the region.  The now much diminished terrorist international gets a rejuvenation boost from you and re-energizes its recruitment of volunteers to broaden their murderous attacks on innocent civilians, worldwide,  he wrote in his letter. Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has said he would encourage a more moderate and tolerant version of Islam in the ultra-conservative kingdom. The ambitious young prince has already taken some steps to loosen Saudi Arabia s ultra-strict social restrictions, scaling back the role of religious morality police, permitting public concerts and announcing plans to allow women to drive next year. Prince Turki said that Saudis share in the blame for the spread of extremist ideology through funding of mosques abroad that may have fallen into the wrong hands, but that such funding stopped since the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks in the United States.    The kingdom has been the victim of such people and such activity... Since Sept. 11 the kingdom has had a sustained and continuous program opposing extremist ideology, not just in the kingdom but abroad,  he told Reuters.     For a period of time, yes it is true there were some Saudis who promoted issues of extremism and so on. Now we are getting rid of all of those. I would say we have gotten rid of most of them, if not all of them.   ",1
11718,Somali lawmakers seek to impeach president amid political crisis,"MOGADISHU (Reuters) - Some Somali lawmakers said on Wednesday they plan to impeach the president in a mounting political crisis that could put the fledgling government on a violent collision course with one of the country s most powerful clans.  The political turmoil endangers fragile gains against the Islamist al Shabaab insurgency and could derail the government of President Mohamed Abdullahi. Universally known by his nickname  Farmajo , the dual U.S.-Somali citizen took power earlier this year in a U.N.-backed process.  The Horn of Africa state s parliament adjourned last week until the end of February, but some legislators want it to reconvene on an emergency basis, lawmaker Mahad Salad told Reuters.  Ninety-six lawmakers have asked the speaker to reopen the session so that the impeachment against the president kicks off. The president is accused of violation of the constitution, treason, destruction of the federal states and so on,  he said.  The letter had not yet been delivered to the speaker. There are 275 lawmakers and two-thirds would have to vote against the president to impeach him.  The motion follows a deadly raid on Sunday on the home of an opposition leader, Abdirahman Abdishakur Warsame, who ran for the presidency against Farmajo. Somali security agents arrived at his house around midnight and engaged his guards in a firefight, killing five people. The minister of security said Warsame resisted arrest and he would be charged with treason. He appeared in court on Tuesday but no warrant was shown for his arrest, a witness said. A Wednesday court hearing was postponed until Thursday.  The information minister did not return calls seeking comment. A statement from the security minister and attorney general said they were  investigating the crimes of Somalis who were involved in treason, terror and the destruction of government systems . Warsame comes from Somalia s formidable Habar Gidir clan, which is spread across south-central Somalia. Although both his supporters and the government stress that his detention is political, rather than a clan issue, it will further sour relations between the two sides. If that sparks fighting it could split Somalia s security forces, which are composed mostly of clan-based militias. In September, a battle between the police, intelligence, and military killed nine people in Mogadishu s Habar Gidir district.   It s a lose-lose situation for the government. If they pursue this, they face a showdown with the Habar Gidir, who are powerful, wealthy and well-armed and provide many units in the SNA,  said a Somalia security analyst who spoke on condition of anonymity, referring to the Somali National Army.   If they back down, they look weak. It s very hard to see how the administration could survive this crisis.   In August, a joint U.S.-Somali raid in the town of Bariire killed 10 Habar Gidir members. The U.S. military said they were Islamist militants but clan elders said they were civilians. In May, a soldier accidentally killed the minister of public works in a case of mistaken identity. A Habar Gidir clan member, the soldier was sentenced to death, angering clan members who felt that blood money should have been accepted. Somalia s new government has won plaudits from diplomats for trying to assess the extent of mismanagement and corruption in the armed forces and the International Monetary Fund has praised it for fiscal reforms. But at home, the government has many problems. It has hired and fired a string of top security officials. Al Shabaab militants, skilled at exploiting clan divisions, stepped up a campaign of deadly bombings in Mogadishu. One October bomb killed more than 500 people.  A split between Qatar and the United Arab Emirates, both of which have supported Somali factions, has fuelled a spat between the president and leaders of Somalia s regional administrations, damaging security cooperation.   This month, the U.S. government announced it was suspending aid to most of the military over accountability concerns. Now many parliamentarians are angry that a government that promotes itself as reformist is arresting critics like Warsame, said Abdirizak Mohamed, a lawmaker and former security minister.   MPs are concerned about freedom of expression and association. This was an unnecessary crisis when they already had a lot on their plate.  ",1
11719,South Korea says delay in military drills aimed only at ensuring peaceful Olympics,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean officials said on Wednesday a proposed delay in military drills with the United States was aimed at ensuring a peaceful 2018 Winter Olympics, not ending the North Korean missile crisis, as relations with China suffered new setbacks. South Korean President Moon Jae-in is seeking to soothe relations with North Korea, which is pursuing nuclear and missile programmes in defiance of U.N. sanctions, and with China, the North s lone major ally, before the Games begin in South Korea in February. China, which hosted years of on-again-off-again six-party talks to try to end the North Korea standoff, resumed some blocks on group tours to South Korea, industry sources said, and rebuked Seoul for firing warning shots at Chinese fishing boats   On Tuesday, Moon, who visited China last week, said he had proposed postponing major military drills with the United States until after the Games, a move his office said was designed to reassure athletes and spectators.  This is confined to our efforts to host a peaceful Olympics,  an official from the presidential Blue House said.   We are only talking about the exercises which are supposed to take place during the Olympics and Paralympics.  North Korea sees the regular joint exercises as preparation for war, while China is still angry about the deployment of a U.S. anti-missile system, commonly known as THAAD, by South Korea, whose powerful radar it fears could see deep inside its territory. The South argues it needs THAAD to guard against the threat posed by North Korea, which regularly threatens to destroy South Korea, Japan and the United States. For a graphic on North Korea's missile launches, click tmsnrt.rs/2j2S5T3 The proposed delay in drills was discussed during a summit last week between Moon and Chinese President Xi Jinping, after the proposal had already been submitted to the Americans, the  Blue House official said. China and Russia have proposed a  freeze for freeze  arrangement under which North Korea would stop its nuclear and missile tests in exchange for a halt to the exercises. However, the official denied the proposed delay had anything to do with the freeze idea. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said in Ottawa on Tuesday he was unaware of any plans to  alter longstanding and scheduled and regular military exercises . North Korea has stepped up its missile and nuclear tests at an unprecedented rate this year, and any new provocation from the North would  inevitably have an impact  on the exercises, the Blue House official said.  It is a display of the president s strong message that North Korea must not conduct any provocation (during the Olympics),  the official told reporters. (For a graphic on North Korea's missile and nuclear tests, click tmsnrt.rs/2vXbj0S) Japan s Asahi newspaper reported on Wednesday, citing an unidentified person connected to South Korean intelligence, that North Korea was conducting biological experiments to test the possibility of loading anthrax-laden warheads on its intercontinental ballistic missiles. The Asahi report said the U.S. government was aware of the tests, which were meant to ascertain whether the anthrax bacteria could survive the high temperatures that occur during warheads  re-entry from space. Reuters was unable to verify the report independently. In a statement released by state media, North Korea s Ministry of Foreign Affairs called reports it was developing biological weapons  nonsense  designed to provoke nuclear war. The United States has given China a draft resolution for tougher U.N. sanctions on North Korea and is hoping for a quick vote on it by the U.N. Security Council, a Western diplomat said on Tuesday, however Beijing has yet to sign on. When asked about the U.S. resolution at a press briefing on Wednesday, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying would only say that China always takes a responsible and constructive attitude towards Security Council talks on North Korea. The United States has also called on the Security Council to blacklist 10 ships for circumventing sanctions on North Korea. Hua said China had received the proposal from the United States.   China has resumed at least some restrictions on group tours into the South, South Korea s inbound travel agency said. The restrictions were first in place last year as part of China s retaliation over THAAD deployment.  I was told from my boss this morning that our Chinese partners (based in Beijing and Shandong) said they won t send group tourists to South Korea as of January,  the official from Naeil Tour Agency told Reuters by phone.  One source in China said the reason for reinstating the ban was to rein in overly aggressive tour operators who had been rolling out package deals to South Korea too quickly in the eyes of authorities. Foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua told reporters she had not heard of a tourism ban, but she reiterated that Moon s visit to Beijing was successful and that China has an open attitude towards exchanges and cooperation in all areas.  Beijing has never officially confirmed restrictions on tourism. Three representatives at Beijing travel agencies told Reuters that they were not currently organising group tours to South Korea. One confirmed that the tourism administration had issued the notice, while a third said:  At the moment we have no group trips to South Korea.  A travel agency in the northern province of Shandong also said it could not organise group trips. Three others said they could, but with restrictions such as on the number of people. South Korea s coast guard said on Wednesday it had fired around 250 warning shots on Tuesday to chase away a fleet of 44 Chinese boats fortified with iron bars and steel mesh that were fishing illegally in South Korean waters.  The Chinese fishing boats sought to swarm around and collide with our patrol ship, ignoring the broadcast warnings,  the coast guard said in a statement.  China, which has in the past lodged diplomatic protests to South Korea over the use of force by its coast guard, expressed  serious concern  about the latest clash.  (For a graphic on rocket science, click tmsnrt.rs/2t6WEPL) ",1
11720,Russia detains Norwegian citizen over suspected spying," (Corrects a Dec. 19 story to make clear in graf 12 that Russia annexed Ukraine s Crimea, not all of Ukraine) By Gabrielle Tetrault-Farber and Gwladys Fouche MOSCOW/OSLO (Reuters) - Russia has detained a Norwegian citizen it suspects of spying, his Norwegian lawyer and the RIA news agency said on Tuesday, citing a Moscow court which sanctioned the individual s detention. Media reports said Russia s FSB security service had caught the Norwegian taking secret documents about the Russian Navy from a Russian citizen. The detained man is 62-year-old pensioner Frode Berg, a former guard working on the Norwegian-Russian border who was arrested on Dec. 5, his Norwegian lawyer told Reuters.  His family says the accusations of espionage are inexplicable,  said Berg s lawyer in Oslo, Brynjulf Risnes.   He was on a private visit to meet acquaintances from his former job and the cultural work he does ... The family has known for a while that Frode Berg was arrested. They thought it was a misunderstanding and that it would be clarified soon.  Berg resides in the Norwegian city of Kirkenes, a town some 15 kilometres (9 miles) from the border with Russia. He is active in a cross-border cultural organisation called Girls on the Bridge. Berg posted a picture of a snow-covered Red Square on his Facebook profile page early on Dec. 5, the day of his arrest, with the message  Christmas Time in Moscow! .  The maximum penalty for espionage in Russia is 20 years in prison, while the minimum sentence is 10 years, said Risnes.  The family is struggling as there is very little information available from the Russian authorities,  he said. He said his first priority was to get access to Berg and the second one was to ensure a Russian lawyer who could provide the best possible defence.  Often espionage cases have political undertones,  he said.  So it is important we have a lawyer who fully defends his interests.  NATO-member Norway is part of the coalition of countries that have imposed sanctions on Russia following its 2014 annexation of Ukraine s Crimea. It has been concerned about Russia s ability and willingness to use military means to achieve political goals. Norwegian authorities said they had been able to visit their national in detention.  The Norwegian consular service has visited the citizen that has been arrested in Moscow and is now in detention,  said Frode Overland Andersen, a press spokesman for the Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs. He added the Norwegian national had legal representation and that the arrest had taken place on Dec. 5. The spokesman declined to comment on the charges.   ",1
11721,Two Kosovo men plea guilty of plotting to attack Israeli soccer team,"PRISTINA (Reuters) - Two Kosovo men pleaded guilty on Wednesday to planning attacks at a World Cup soccer match in Albania against the visiting Israel team last year. Kosovo police arrested 19 people in November 2016 on suspicion that they had links with the Islamic State militant group and were planning attacks in Kosovo and neighboring Albania. Nine of them were charged. The state prosecutor said some of them were in contact with Lavdrim Muhaxheri, Islamic State s self-declared  commander of Albanians in Syria and Iraq , who ordered them to attack. Police said Muhaxheri was killed in June this year.  ... I accept guilty plea,  defendant Kenan Plakaj said in court. He is accused of making explosives, after police found half a kilo of explosives at his house, the indictment said. The other defendant, Besart Peci, also pleaded guilty. Sentences were not announced. Another defendant facing trial had kept in his basement 283 grams of self-made explosives. The same triacetone triperoxide explosive was used in attacks in Paris and Brussels and has been found in various foiled bombings in Europe since 2007. No militant attacks have been staged in Kosovo, whose population is largely ethnic Albanian Muslim. But at least 200 people have been detained or investigated over offences related to Islamic State, and a total of 300 Kosovars have gone to Syria to fight for Islamic State. More than 70 have been killed. International and local security agencies in Kosovo are worried that many of those returning from combat zones will pose a security threat. In 2015, Kosovo adopted a law introducing jail sentences of up to 15 years for anyone found guilty of fighting in wars abroad. ",1
11722,Islamic State claims air base attack in Egypt's North Sinai,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Islamic State has claimed an attack on an Egyptian military airport that killed one officer and wounded two near the town of Arish in North Sinai on Tuesday, the group s Amaq news agency said in a statement. Security sources meanwhile said an army officer and five militants had been killed in clashes as security forces carried out arrest raids near the Arish air base on Wednesday. The Amaq statement said Islamic State fighters used a Kornet anti-tank missile in the Tuesday attack that targeted the interior and defense ministers who were visiting the area. Neither minister was harmed, a security source said. Islamic State s Sinai branch has for years waged attacks against security forces, and in the past year expanded targets to include Christians and other civilians. An attack on a mosque last month which killed more than 300 people, the deadliest in Egypt s modern history, was widely attributed to Islamic State, but the group did not claim it. President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi ordered security forces to use heavy force to stamp out the Sinai insurgency within three months after that attack. ",1
11723,Poll shows improvement in Brazil President Temer's low approval rating,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - The approval rating for Brazilian President Michel Temer s scandal-plagued government has doubled to 6 percent from the prior survey, a new poll published on Wednesday showed, as the country s economy continues to improve. The survey by pollster Ibope, conducted between Dec. 7-10, said the number of people who considered Temer s government  bad  or  terrible  fell to 74 percent, from 77 percent in the previous survey in September. That represents the first improvement in Temer s unfavorable rating since he took over last year from his predecessor Dilma Rousseff, who was impeached for breaking budget rules. Brazil s economy continues to strengthen as it exits its worst recession in a century, posting its third consecutive quarter of growth in the third quarter. The poll comes as Brazil s Congress heads into a winter recess until February without voting to overhaul the pension system, Temer s top policy initiative that is seen as vital to fixing the country s finances but is widely unpopular. The government has notched some smaller legislative successes, including more flexible labor regulations that came into effect last month. In October, the lower house of Congress again rejected corruption charges against Temer. ",1
11724,"Germany takes political vacuum in its stride, for now","BERLIN (Reuters) - Largely unperturbed by Angela Merkel s failure to form a government after a September election, many Germans are taking the prospect of several more months of coalition talks in their stride. The country is used to lengthy transitions but this is the longest since reunification in 1990. It is 87 days since the election and few experts see a government in place before March. EU leaders fear delays to euro zone integration plans, some of which are to strengthen the banking system, and many economists warn Europe s biggest economy must reform and invest in broadband and infrastructure to stay competitive. But as caretaker chancellor, Merkel is voting at EU summits,  parliament is passing laws required by international mandates, local authorities are wading through asylum applications and a bright outlook in Europe s biggest economy is buoying the mood.  I haven t noticed much difference from before, said Nadja Helling, 36, cradling a steaming mug of gluehwein at a Berlin Christmas market. It s not ideal but nobody is panicking.  Domestic and foreign demand are driving solid growth and the effects of low borrowing costs and European Central Bank stimulus are supporting record-high employment levels and rising real wages.  We have jobs and are enjoying the Christmas markets,  said Helling s friend, Silvia.  What s the problem?  The Munich-based Ifo institute raised its forecasts last week and expects the German economy to expand by 2.6 percent next year, the highest rate since 2011, adding, however, that this might be the peak. The IfW institute in Kiel said the delayed formation of a government  does not pose an economic risk , but also sounded a warning for the longer term.   A boom may feel good but it carries the seeds of a crisis. The view that a boom is harmless, as long as consumer prices are under control, falls short,  said the IfW s Stefan Kooths. The reality experienced by many Germans belies dire warnings from commentators last month about looming instability and even new elections after Merkel, weakened by losing votes to the far-right, was humiliated by the collapse of 3-way coalition talks. She is now wooing the Social Democrats (SPD), reluctant partners after voters punished them for sharing power with Merkel s conservatives over the last four years. Germany s transition pales into comparison with some other EU partners, such as Belgium and the Netherlands where a coalition took 225 days to clinch a deal this year.  I suspect the process will take some time yet but people who talk about instability are mistaken. We have a stable caretaker government, an effective parliament and a democracy that is functioning very well,  said Nils Diederich, politics professor at Berlin s Free University. Confounding some predictions, the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD), dogged by infighting, has so far failed to capitalize on the lack of a proper government despite being the third-biggest party. Opinion polls have barely changed since the Sept. 24 election, indicating there is little sense of crisis. The Ifo institute said on Tuesday uncertainty about the shape of the government was growing but that a surprise drop in its business moral survey in December after a record high the previous month was nothing too unusual. Indeed, seasonally adjusted unemployment is at the lowest level since 1990 and Christmas sales forecasts are bright, with the HDE retail industry association expecting sales over the festive season to rise by 3 percent to a record high. Merkel, unruffled as ever, has sought to reassure voters and investors that it is business as usual in Germany, with most incumbent ministers staying on in an interim government.  If anything, there is a striking lack of urgency about the talks, partly to keep skeptical SPD rank and file on board. After party leaders meet on Wednesday to draw up a rough timetable, no further talks are expected before January.  Meanwhile, the Bundestag lower house has agreed to roll over military missions in Afghanistan and Mali and debated topics from Brexit to planned job cuts by Siemens.   Germany s federal structure means much business that affects ordinary people, including dealing with asylum applications, housing and school issues, goes ahead regardless of Berlin. Deutsche Bahn has launched a much delayed fast train link between Berlin and Munich, complete with the usual teething problems, and Christmas markets have opened, albeit with tight security after last year s attack. The impasse has had little effect on Brexit talks because there is consensus among Germany s main parties about the German, and EU, position towards Britain. Plans for euro zone reform, however, are more contentious, although Merkel said on Monday, she hoped to make progress on the issue by March.  The main possible negative effect is that the momentum in Europe (for reform), that was desired after the Brexit vote might be lost,  said Thomas Jaeger, politics professor at Cologne University. The SPD, determined to stamp its identity on any coalition deal with Merkel, backs deeper integration than Merkel s conservatives, but is split over whether it should agree to a  grand coalition  with Merkel. Its leader Martin Schulz has championed French President Emmanuel Macron s proposals for a euro zone budget and finance minister and wants a  United States of Europe  by 2025.  The only political crisis in Germany is the struggle for direction by the main parties, in particular the SPD,  said Diederich.  The SPD needs time to overcome this.  ",1
11725,"EU's Tusk says important to end ""devastation"" of Poland's reputation","WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland is currently seen as a force for disintegration of the European Union (EU) and hence it is important to end the destruction of Warsaw s reputation, European Council President Donald Tusk said on Wednesday.  Poland is perceived today as a disintegrating force in this part of Europe and this is why I believe that it is important to end this devastation (...) of Poland s reputation,  Tusk told local media, commenting on European Commission s decision to launch Article 7 procedure against Warsaw. Tusk also said he did not expect sanctions to be imposed on Poland in the near future.  ",1
11726,Poland's refusal to accept Muslim migrants may be behind EC decision: ruling party,"WARSAW (Reuters) - The European Commission s decision to launch the so-called Article 7 procedure against Poland may be related to Warsaw s refusal to accept Muslim migrants, spokeswoman of the ruling Law and Justice (PiS) party Beata Mazurek said on Wednesday.  This may be an effect not only of the opposition s informing (on Poland to the EC) but also because we don t want to accept immigrants, we don t want to accept Muslim migrants, as we care for the security of Poles,  Mazurek told reporters. ",1
11727,Turkey orders arrest of former police investigator's parents: Hurriyet,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - An Istanbul prosecutor has issued arrest warrants for the parents of a former police investigator who gave evidence at the trial of a Turkish banker in the United States last week, the Hurriyet newspaper reported on Wednesday. Turkey has called for the arrest of Huseyin Korkmaz after he testified at the trial of Mehmet Hakan Atilla, a former executive of state-lender Halkbank who is accused of helping Iran evade U.S. sanctions. The Istanbul prosecutor s office was not immediately available for comment. U.S. prosecutors have accused Atilla of working with Turkish-Iranian gold trader Reza Zarrab and others to help Iran evade U.S. sanctions through fraudulent gold and food transactions. The case has strained relations between Turkey and the United States, which are NATO allies. Atilla has pleaded not guilty and Halkbank has denied involvement with any illegal transactions. But Zarrab has pleaded guilty and testified for U.S. prosecutors. Korkmaz said he fled Turkey in 2016 fearing retaliation from the government after leading an investigation in 2013 into Zarrab which implicated high-ranking officials. Hurriyet said the Istanbul prosecutor s order to arrest Korkmaz s parents came after his testimony in the U.S. case in which he said he gave documents related to the 2013 investigation to his mother to keep. Last week, Turkish police summoned a Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) official over statements made by Korkmaz in the U.S. court, the state-run Anadolu Agency reported. ",1
11728,Ex-Interpol chief says ready to testify for Argentina's Fernandez,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Argentina s previous government never asked Interpol to drop arrest warrants against a group of Iranians accused of bombing a Jewish center, the ex-head of the police agency said on Wednesday, as the government proceeded with treason charges against the former president. Former Interpol chief Ronald Noble said in an email on Wednesday that he wants to testify that the government of former President Cristina Fernandez did not ask to have the arrest warrants lifted as part of a  memorandum  she had with Iran. If a judge allows Noble to testify, the treason case filed this month against Fernandez and 11 other top officials could crumble. She denies wrongdoing and calls the charge politically motivated. The arrest warrants  were not affected in their validity by the approval of the memorandum,  Noble said in an email to a federal appeals court that was seen by Reuters. The Fernandez administration  always expressed its belief that the warrants should remain in effect,  the email said. The accusation that the Fernandez government worked behind the scenes to clear the accused bombers of the AMIA Jewish community center in order to improve trade between Argentina and Iran is at the heart of a charge of treason brought against Fernandez.  She served as president for eight years before being succeeded by Mauricio Macri in 2015. Others agreed that the treason charge against Fernandez appeared questionable.  The indictment by Judge Claudio Bonadio of former President Fernandez, her Foreign Minister Hector Timerman, and 10 others, for  treason  and  concealment  points to no evidence that would seem to substantiate those charges,  Human Rights Watch said in a statement on Tuesday.  The allegations against Fernandez drew international attention in January 2015, when the prosecutor who initially made them, Alberto Nisman, was found shot dead in the bathroom of his Buenos Aires apartment. An Argentine appeals court ordered the re-opening of the investigation a year ago. Nisman s death was classified a suicide, though an official investigating the case has said the shooting appeared to be a homicide. Nisman s body was discovered hours before he was to brief Congress on the 1994 bombing of the AMIA center.  Nisman said Fernandez worked behind the scenes to clear Iran of any wrongdoing and normalize relations to clinch a grains-for-oil deal with Tehran that was signed in 2013. The  memorandum  agreement created a joint commission to investigate the AMIA bombing that critics said was really a means to absolve Iran. ",1
11729,Turkey's Erdogan defends Ottoman commander after UAE minister retweets criticism,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan leapt to the defence of an Ottoman military commander on Wednesday after the United Arab Emirates foreign minister retweeted accusations that Ottoman forces looted the holy city of Medina during World War One. Erdogan appeared to be responding to a tweet shared on Saturday by UAE Foreign Minister Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed Al Nahayan, which said Ottoman troops led by Fakhreddin Pasha stole money and manuscripts from Medina in 1916. The tweet also said Turkish forces abducted residents of Medina and took them to Istanbul.  These are Erdogan s ancestors, and their history with Arab Muslims,  read the tweet,  originally posted by someone identifying themselves as an Iraqi dentist from Germany. Medina, now part of Saudi Arabia, was part of the Ottoman territory for centuries until the empire s collapse at the end of World War One. In a speech to local administrators, Erdogan said Fahreddin Pasha had not stolen from Medina or its people, but strived to protect the city and its occupants during a time of war.  Those miserable people who are delirious enough to shamelessly and tirelessly say Erdogan s ancestors stole sacred items from there and brought them to Istanbul - it was to protect them from the people that came to invade,  he said. The United Arab Emirates, a close U.S. ally, sees Erdogan s Islamist-rooted ruling party as a friend of Islamist forces which the UAE opposes across the Arab world. Relations were further strained by Ankara s support for Qatar after Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Bahrain and Egypt imposed sanctions on the Gulf emirate in June. Two months later, Sheikh Abdullah criticised what he called Turkey and Iran s  colonial  actions in Syria, even though Turkey and the UAE have both opposed Syria President Bashar al-Assad. Erdogan s spokesman Ibrahim Kalin has also responded to Sheikh Abdullah s comments, saying it was a shame that he  retweets this propaganda lie that seeks to turn Turks & Arabs against one another, again.   Is attacking President Erdo an at all costs the new fashion now?  Kalin tweeted on Tuesday. ",1
11730,Migrants in Serbia's north brave winter to cross to EU,"SID, Serbia (Reuters) - Mudassir, 18, from Pakistan s city of Peshawar has tried to enter the European Union 30 times but was always caught and sent back to his starting point in Serbia.  Now, he and dozens of other migrants are braving near-freezing temperatures in shrubs and fields near Sid, a northwestern Serbian town just outside European Union s member Croatia, hoping to make another border run.  They spend nights in tents and makeshift shelters in a shrub they call - the jungle.   I have tried 30 times, I am in Serbia for 16 months, ... I am tired of sleeping in the  jungle ,  said Mudassir, dressed in a black hooded jacket. Meanwhile, other migrants, all young males, huddled outside an abandoned printing factory in the outskirts of Sid, waiting for a meal delivered by an international volunteer group, the No Name Kitchen.  The so-called Balkan route for migrants was shut last year when Turkey agreed to stop the flow in return for EU aid and a promise of visa-free travel for its own citizens. But people mainly from the Middle East, Africa and Asia continued to arrive in Serbia, mainly from Turkey, via neighboring Bulgaria, attempting to enter Croatia and the EU. According to official data there are as many as 4,500 migrants in government-operated camps in Serbia. Rights activists say that hundreds are scattered in the capital Belgrade and towns along the Croatian border.  Muhammad, 22 from the Moroccan town of Oujda, said he has tried to reach the EU 26 times. Three times he made it to Slovenia, but was caught and deported back to Serbia.  I will try again ... my family is in France and my girlfriend is in Italy,  Muhammad said. Bruno Alvares of the No Name Kitchen said migrants are given two meals a day, water, clothes, footwear and tents.   Even if it is cold, it doesn t matter, they will keep on trying because there s ... no evolution in their lives in camps,  Alvares said.  Migrants who cannot afford to pay smugglers, often hide in passing trucks and freight trains or ride on the top of them. Recently an Afghan girl was killed by a train as she and her family attempted to cross into Croatia. ",1
11731,Philippine leader declares unilateral ceasefire for Christmas,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has declared a 10-day unilateral ceasefire with communist rebels to allow Filipinos to celebrate a  stress-free  Christmas season, two weeks after peace talks with the insurgents were formally scrapped. Presidential spokesman Harry Roque said Duterte had ordered the army and police to suspend offensive operations from Dec. 24 to Jan. 2  to lessen the apprehension of the public this Christmas season . He said he expected the Maoists and their political leaders to  do a similar gesture of goodwill.  There was no immediate comment from the communist rebel movement, whose top leaders and negotiators have been living in exile in The Netherlands since the late 1980s. Duterte restarted a stalled peace process and freed several communist leaders as a gesture of good faith when he came to office last year but he recently abandoned talks due to escalating rebel attacks.  He has vented his fury on a near-daily basis at what he considers duplicity by the Communist Party of the Philippines (CPP) and its armed wing, the New People s Army (NPA). He has collectively declared them a  terrorist organization  and has ended the three-decades peace process. The rebel forces, estimated to number around 3,000, have been waging a protracted guerrilla warfare in the countryside for nearly 50 years in a conflict that has killed more than 40,000 people and stifled growth in resource-rich areas of the Philippines. The guerrillas have been targeting mines, plantations, construction and telecommunication companies, demanding  revolutionary taxation  to finance arms purchases and recruitment activities. Duterte on Tuesday night said he only wanted Filipinos to celebrate a  stress-free  Christmas.  I do not want to add more strain to what people are now suffering,  he told reporters. ",1
11732,"Serbian, Croatian police detain 17 for smuggling migrants to EU","BELGRADE (Reuters) - In a joint sting, Serbian and Croatian police have detained 17 people suspected of smuggling dozens of migrants into the European Union, Serbia s Interior Ministry said on Wednesday. Serbia was at the center of the migrant crisis in 2015 and 2016 when hundreds of thousands of people fleeing wars and poverty in the Middle East and Asia journeyed up through the Balkans to reach the European Union. That route was effectively closed last year, but a steady trickle of migrants, arriving mainly from Turkey via neighboring Bulgaria, has continued. Many migrants use smugglers to reach the EU. In a statement, the Interior Ministry said the group detained in Belgrade and four northern towns comprised 12 Serbians and one Afghan man. The police in neighboring Croatia have detained four more suspects, it said.  It is suspected that this criminal group facilitated the illegal crossing of the border and transit ... to a total of 82 migrants from Afghanistan, Iran and Iraq, from whom they took 1,500 euros ($1,800) per person,  it said.  Official data show there are up to 4,500 migrants stranded in government-operated camps in Serbia. Rights activists say hundreds more are scattered in the capital Belgrade and towns along the Croatian border.  ($1 = 0.8442 euros) ",1
11733,Russian Foreign Ministry says latest U.S. sanctions are 'grotesque',"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The latest U.S. sanctions imposed on five Russians and Chechens  are grotesque and groundless, and Moscow will hit back with tit-for-tat sanctions, Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said on Thursday. The U.S. Treasury Department on Wednesday imposed the new sanctions on the five people, including on Chechen Republic head Ramzan Kadyrov, for alleged human rights abuses. ",1
11734,Lebanon's interior minister accuses Uber of not checking records,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s interior minister said on Thursday that Uber driver suspected of murdering a British embassy worker last week had served time in prison, and he accused the company of not checking criminal records of its drivers. The body of Rebecca Dykes was found strangled on Saturday next to a highway outside Beirut. Police detained a suspect on Monday and said the crime was not politically motivated.  Minister Nohad Machnouk said the driver had three priors on his judicial record involving drugs and had been imprisoned on that basis.  This company, when it hires drivers, and lets them work within its organisation, does not check their priors , he said at a news conference.   An Uber spokesperson said all drivers the company uses in Lebanon are fully licensed by the government and must have a clear judicial record.  The spokesperson said a copy of the driver s judicial record published by local media, showing no judgments against the driver, was accurate. Uber confirmed in an email that he was a licensed taxi driver with a clean background check.  ",1
11735,Turkey seeks life sentences for 60 ex-military over 1997 'post-modern coup',"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Sixty people including a former military chief faced demands for life jail terms over a 1997 campaign of army pressure, known in Turkey as the  post-modern  coup, that toppled the country s first Islamist-led government, state media said on Thursday. Coups in 1960 and 1980 and a failed 2016 putsch involved overt army use of force, but the resignation of prime minister Necmettin Erbakan followed warnings and only a brief appearance of tanks in a provincial town. It is an action that has long rankled with current Islamist-rooted President Tayyip Erdogan.  In his final opinion on the case, the prosecutor said the army action, which did not result in any direct military rule, constituted a real coup attempt and could not be defined as  post-modern , broadcaster NTV reported. Among those facing life sentences are General Ismail Hakki Karadayi, 85, who was chief of general staff between 1994 and 1998, and his deputy at the time General Cevik Bir, state-run Anadolu news agency said. The investigation into the unseating of Erbakan, who led a coalition government, is one of a series of court cases that have targeted the formerly all powerful secularist military in recent years. The army s influence has been curbed drastically under  Erdogan, who first came to power in 2003 and who was a member of Erbakan s Welfare Party at the time of the government s ouster. A total of 103 people, mostly retired generals, had been named in the trial s 1,300-page indictment, accused of  overthrowing by force, and participating in the overthrow  of a government. While aggravated life sentences were sought for 60 defendants, the prosecutor asked for the acquittal of 39 other defendants, NTV reported. The four other defendants have died since the court case began in 2013. Last year, rogue soldiers commandeered warplanes, tanks and helicopters in a failed coup which killed 250 people and which Ankara has blamed on U.S.-based Islamic preacher Fethullah Gulen. He has denied involvement. Erbakan, who died in 2011, pioneered Islamist politics in Turkey, a Muslim country with a secular state system, paving the way for the later success of Erdogan s AK Party. ",1
11736,"Philippine ferry capsizes with 251 on board, four dead","MANILA (Reuters) - Four people were killed and seven were missing after a Philippine ferry with 251 people on board capsized during bad weather on Thursday near the capital, Manila, disaster officials and a coastguard spokesman said. Accidents involving boats sailing between the many islands of the Philippines are common. Vessels are often overloaded but the coastguard said that was not the case on Thursday and the ferry had the capacity to carry 286 people. A total of 240 people were rescued from the sea by fishermen and rescue boats sent out by the coastguard hours after the ferry capsized and sank, about eight miles off Real town in Quezon province.  Search and rescue operations will continue until all crew and passengers are accounted for,  said coastguard spokesman Captain Armand Balilo. Most of the rescued passengers were brought to Dinahican port. Two men and two women drowned, he said. The ferry set sail at around dawn from a port in Real. Survivors told reporters the weather turned bad three hours later with strong winds and huge waves. The ferry began taking in water and in minutes it capsized and sank, they said. Disaster officials said search and rescue operations were hampered by heavy rain and huge waves caused by a tropical storm affecting the southern Philippines. A tropical storm is expected to make landfall on the southern island of Mindanao late Thursday or early on Friday. The weather bureau has warned of extensive flooding and landslides as the storm, packing center winds of 65 kph (40 mph), approaches the Philippines.  ",1
11737,Police say suspicious package at Frankfurt Christmas market harmless,"FRANKFURT (Reuters) - A suspicious package that prompted an evacuation of a Christmas market in Frankfurt has turned out to be harmless, the city s police said on Twitter. Authorities said the package in question at Roemer square, the heart of the city s Christmas market, was a donation for the homeless.  Well intentioned, but poorly placed,  the police said on Twitter. The all clear came about 45 minutes after the evacuation was announced. ",1
11738,Kurdish-led Syrian groups plan to attend Sochi talks: officials,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Kurdish-led Syrian groups plan to attend Russia s proposed Syria peace talks in the Black Sea resort of Sochi, Kurdish officials have said. The Syria peace congress was originally scheduled for Nov. 18 but was postponed and the Kremlin said on Thursday that no new date had been set. If the invitation is renewed,  we will attend Sochi and every other meeting that concerns the Syrian crisis as representatives of the people s will  Sihanouk Depo, an official of Syria s main Kurdish party, PYD, told an affiliated website on Wednesday.  We are still invited,  Badran Jia Kurd, a senior Kurdish official, told Reuters on Thursday. If the framework for the congress still stands,  we will attend , said Jia Kurd, an adviser to the administration that governs Kurdish-led autonomous regions of Syria. It would mark the first time Syria s main Kurdish groups are brought into peace talks. Although they now run at least a quarter of Syria, they have so far been left out of international talks in line with Turkish wishes. Before the Sochi talks were postponed, the PYD said in November it had been invited and favored attending. Since the conflict erupted in 2011, the Syrian Kurdish YPG militia and its allies have carved out autonomous cantons in the north. The YPG spearheads the Syrian Democratic Forces, an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias fighting Islamic State militants with Washington s backing.  Their territorial grip has expanded since joining forces with the United States, though Washington opposes their autonomy plans.  Turkey views the PYD and the YPG as offshoots of the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), which has fought a decades-long insurgency inside Turkey. Last month, Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan s spokesman said Russia had told Ankara that the PYD would not be invited to the peace talks.    The Kurdish groups share enmities with both Syrian President Bashar al-Assad s government and with neighboring Turkey. This week, Assad described the U.S.-backed militias as  traitors . On Wednesday, in an interview with Iran s Arabic language Al-Alam television, Syria s deputy foreign minister Faisal Mekdad equated the Kurdish-led forces with Islamic State.  There is another Daesh called SDF,  he said, using the Arabic acronym for the militant group that until recently controlled swathes of territory in Iraq and Syria. In his interview on Wednesday, Depo said:  Any attack from the regime will be a failed venture.  ",1
11739,Chinese aircraft drill again in Western Pacific,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese military aircraft have again carried out drills in the Western Pacific, the Xinhua state news agency said on Thursday, with bombers and fighters from a South China Sea naval air arm exercising with warships. Chinese aircraft, most of them from the air force, have carried out increasing numbers of drills far from Chinese shores in the past few years, most recently focused on self-ruled Taiwan, claimed by China as its own, and near Japan.  Xinhua said dozens of aircraft, including bombers, fighters and early warning aircraft, drilled in the Western Pacific along with warships, but it did not give an exact location. The exercises were normal drills, part of annual plans, and accorded with international law and norms and were not aimed at any specific country or region, Xinhua said, citing the military. The exercises had no impact on freedom of navigation or overflight in the area, the news agency added. The participation of aircraft attached to the South China Sea fleet implies they could have flown over the disputed South China Sea, where China has been building airfields and other military facilities, some on artificial islands, unnerving the region. China claims most of the South China Sea, a strategic waterway through which $3 trillion worth of goods passes every year. Vietnam, the Philippines, Malaysia, Taiwan and Brunei all have overlapping claims. China has continued to install high-frequency radar and other facilities that can be used for military purposes on its man-made islands in the South China Sea, a U.S. think-tank said last week. [nL8N1OE7HR] ",1
11740,Suspects in Malta blogger's murder sent to trial,"VALLETTA (Reuters) - Three men accused of killing Maltese anti-corruption blogger Daphne Caruana Galizia were committed to trial on Thursday by a magistrate hearing preliminary evidence. Brothers George and Alfred Degiorgio and Vincent Muscat were arrested in early December on the strength of phone intercepts and accused of having killed Caruana Galizia in a carbomb as she drove out of her home on Oct. 16. In the Maltese judicial system, police have to present initial evidence to a magistrate, who decides whether there are sufficient grounds to press charges. On the third day of the preliminary hearing, Magistrate Claire Stafrace Zammit ruled that the three should be sent to trial. The trio have denied wrongdoing. Police told the court that George Degiorgio was sitting on a boat outside Valletta harbor when he sent an SMS to trigger the deadly bomb, which had been planted overnight in Caruana Galizia s hire car. Mobile phone data showed that Alfred Degiorgio and Muscat had repeatedly visited Caruana Galizia s home village Bidnija in the days before the blast.  Police believe they watched from a nearby vantage point as Caruana Galizia set out in her car and told George Degiorgio via telephone to detonate the device. Her death shocked Malta, the smallest nation in the European Union, which has been engulfed by a wave of graft scandals, including accusations of money laundering and influence peddling in government   all of which have been denied. Caruana Galizia exposed many of these cases, but had never written about the three suspects, who had fallen foul of local police in the past. The slain blogger s family say the mastermind behind the killing must still be at large. Malta s attorney general must now draw up precise charges against the Degiorgios and Muscat, and no trial date has been set. ",1
11741,Russia may widen designation for media outlets it deems 'foreign agents': Ifax,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia may decide to designate any media as  foreign agents  if they are financed by a foreign state or citizen, or by a Russian  organization that gets foreign financing, the Interfax news agency reported on Thursday. Interfax cited a draft regulation from the justice ministry. Russian President Vladimir Putin signed a law last month that allowed the authorities to designate foreign media outlets as  foreign agents  in response to what Moscow said was unacceptable U.S. pressure on Russian media. So far, it has been exclusively used to label media sponsored by the U.S. authorities as foreign agents, but the new regulation would appear to go further.   Under the existing law media branded  foreign agents  must provide any news they provide to Russians as the work of foreign agents and disclose their funding sources. ",1
11742,British PM May forces her deputy to resign over pornography scandal,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May forced her most senior minister, Damian Green, to resign for lying about whether he knew pornography had been found on computers in his parliamentary office. The resignation of one of May s closest political allies, who had helped pacify her deeply divided party, is a blow as she navigates the final year of tortuous negotiations ahead of Britain s exit from the European Union in March 2019. Green, who voted to stay in the EU, was appointed as first secretary of state just six months ago in a bid to shore up May s premiership following her disastrous bet on a June snap election that lost her party its majority in parliament. But Green s future was thrust into doubt when the Sunday Times newspaper reported last month that police in 2008 had found pornography on his office computers in the Houses of Parliament. In response, Green said the story was untrue. A review, requested by May and conducted by a senior government official, concluded that Green s statements which suggested he was not aware that indecent material had been found  on the computers, were  inaccurate and misleading.  The inquiry, a summary of which was distributed by May s Downing Street office, found he had breached rules governing the behavior of ministers because the police had told him about the indecent material.  I apologize that my statements were misleading on this point,  Green said in a letter to May.  I regret that I ve been asked to resign from the government.  Green, 61, said he did not download or view pornography on his parliamentary computers. He added that he should have been clearer about his statements after the story broke.  May said she had asked him to resign and accepted his resignation with deep regret. He is the most senior British politician to fall since the Harvey Weinstein sexual harassment scandal triggered a debate about a culture of abuse by some powerful men at the heart of Westminster. May s defense minister, Michael Fallon, quit last month for unspecified conduct which he said had fallen below required standards. Her aid minister resigned a week later after holding undisclosed meetings with Israeli officials. During the turmoil that followed the botched election, May turned to Green   a university friend from their days at Oxford   to stabilize her premiership and appease those within the Conservative Party who wanted her to quit. One of his key roles was to act as a conduit for disgruntled party members who felt they had been ignored in May s election campaign. He sought to help her to shed the image of a distant leader who only listens to those in her inner circle.  It s another blow for May but it is not deadly in any way at all,  said Anand Menon, professor of European politics at King s College London.  She has lost her soulmate in cabinet but this is not the end of Prime Minister May.    May is surviving not because of Damian Green but because there are sufficient MPs in her party who don t want to have a leadership election while Brexit is going on and that fundamental calculation has not changed,  he said. The internal investigation found that Green s conduct as a minister was generally  professional and proper  but found two statements he made on Nov. 4 and 11 to be inaccurate and misleading.  In the statements, Green suggested he was not aware that indecent material had been found on his computers. The inquiry said Green s statements had fallen short of the honesty requirements for those in public life and thus constituted breaches of the ministerial code of conduct. The allegations about pornography were publicly aired by former Metropolitan Police assistant commissioner Bob Quick, drawing a rebuke from the head of the London police, Cressida Dick, who said officers had a duty of confidentiality. May, who served as home secretary for six years before winning the top job, said she shared concerns about the comments made by the former police officer. Sexual abuse allegations against Hollywood producer Weinstein have prompted some women and men to share stories about improper behavior at the heart of British political power in Westminster. The internal investigation also addressed allegations, made by the daughter of a family friend, that Green had made an unwanted advance towards her during a social meeting in 2015, had suggested that this might further her career, and later had sent her an inappropriate text message. The report said it was not possible to reach a definitive conclusion on the appropriateness of Green s behavior in that instance, though the investigation found allegations to be plausible. Green said in his resignation letter that he did not recognize the account of events, but apologized to the woman, academic and critic Kate Maltby, for making her feel uncomfortable. ",1
11743,Kremlin says no firm date for Syria peace congress,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - There is no firm date yet for the much-discussed Syria peace congress, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Thursday. No one wants  to artificially accelerate  holding of the congress, Peskov told reporters on a conference call. ",1
11744,Kremlin: U.S. arms license for Kiev may trigger new bloodshed in east Ukraine,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The approval by the United States of an export license for Ukraine to buy certain light weapons and small arms from U.S. manufacturers may provoke  hotheads  among Ukrainian nationalists to seek to unleash a new bloodshed in eastern Ukraine, the Kremlin said on Thursday.  ",1
11745,"Food security in Middle East, North Africa deteriorating, says U.N. agency","CAIRO (Reuters) - Food security in the Middle East and North Africa is quickly deteriorating because of conflict in several countries in the region, the United Nations said on Thursday.  In those hardest hit by crises   Syria, Yemen, Iraq, Libya and Sudan   an average of more than a quarter of the population was undernourished, the U.N. s Food and Agriculture Organization said in its annual report on food security. A quarter of Yemen s people are on the brink of famine, several years into a proxy war between the Iran-aligned Houthis and the Saudi-backed government of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi that has caused one of the worst humanitarian catastrophes in recent times. The report focused on changes to food security and nutrition across the region since 2000. It said that undernourishment in countries not directly affected by conflict, such as most Gulf Arab states and most North African countries including Egypt, had slowly improved in the last decade. But it had worsened in conflict-hit countries.  The costs of conflict can be seen in the measurements of food insecurity and malnutrition,  the FAO s assistant director-general Abdessalam Ould Ahmed said.  Decisive steps towards peace and stability (need to be) taken.  Several countries in the region erupted into conflict following uprisings in 2011 that overthrew leaders in Tunisia, Egypt and Libya. Syria s civil war, which also began with popular demonstrations, has killed hundreds of thousands of people and made more than 11 million homeless. ",1
11746,"White, moldy and French: Russia's response to sanctions goes gourmet","VERKHNAYA PYSHMA/YEKATERINBURG, Russia (Reuters) - One thousand French goats have found a new home in Russia s Ural mountains as a local company bets on producing European-style cheeses no longer available for import. Russia banned the wholesale import of fresh food from the European Union, including dairy products, in response to sanctions imposed on Moscow after its 2014 annexation of Crimea.  But as images of steamrollers flattening illegally imported European cheeses were beamed across the country, Russian businesses were gearing up to fill the gap.  Investment in the production of sanctioned foodstuffs has grown, and in the Ural mountains the owners of mining company UMMC have added goats to their copper and coal assets. Iskandar Makhmudov and Andrey Kozytsin, both on the Forbes list of Russia s 100 richest people, are among UMMC s main shareholders.   Their company, UGMK-Agro, spent one million euros on trucking the Alpine goats 5,000 km from the Vendee region in France. Working out of a converted cowshed north of Yekaterinburg, it is aiming to be Russia s largest producer of white mold goat s cheese, a French delicacy. The company has invested 200 million rubles ($3.4 million)in cheese production and expects to turn a profit in six years.   For us, sanctions have of course played a positive role. We saw a gap in the market - not quite a deficit, but some room for maneuver,  Ilya Bondarev, CEO of UGMK-Agro, told Reuters.  With most Russians accustomed to semi-hard cheeses, part of the challenge will be encouraging buyers to try something new.   I m sorry but goat s cheese smells, and I don t like the taste of moldy cheeses,  said 30-year-old Alexander, a Yekaterinburg resident.  I prefer mozzarella and normal Russian cheeses, which remind me of my childhood,  he said. There is also the price. A kg of UGMK-Agro s B che-de-Ch vre cheese, sold under the  Coeur du Nord  brand, costs 2,200-2,500 rubles ($37-$43) versus 300-800 rubles per kg for standard Russian cheeses. UGMK-Agro plans to produce 500-700 kg of cheese a day by the spring of 2018.  We are launching in Moscow ... and are talking to distributors in St Petersburg,  Bondarev said.  But our main challenge is the creation of a local market.  ",1
11747,Indian court acquits all accused in 2G telecoms case,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - An Indian court on Thursday acquitted a former telecoms minister, politicians and business executives of graft and money laundering charges in the grant of telecoms licenses due to lack of evidence in one of the country s biggest corruption scandals. The case relates to alleged below-market-price sale of lucrative telecoms permits bundled with airwaves in 2008, which a federal auditor said may have cost the government as much as $28 billion in lost revenue. A special court convened by the federal investigator was called to give its verdict on the accused, including former telecoms minister A. Raja.  The prosecution has miserably failed to prove its charge,  defense lawyer Vijay Aggarwal told reporters, citing the judge s ruling. Shares of companies affected by the case rose after the verdict, with Reliance Communications Ltd gaining as much as 13.3 percent, DB Realty jumping nearly 20 percent and SUN TV Networks Ltd rising as much as 6.8 percent. The scandal dented the fortunes of then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and his government, which oversaw the sale of the licenses at below-market prices, and triggered street protests. It was one of the several scandals that emerged during Singh s second term, hobbling policymaking and diverting the government s attention away from pushing forward crucial economic reforms. The uncertainty hurt business sentiment in Asia s third-biggest economy, and led to questions about the government s efforts to crack down on corruption. In 2012, the Supreme Court ordered 122 licenses held by eight operators to be revoked, declaring the licenses illegal and the process  wholly arbitrary, capricious and contrary to public interest . ",1
11748,China jails 44 Taiwanese for fraud in case denounced by Taipei,"BEIJING/TAIPEI (Reuters) - A Beijing court on Thursday handed down jail sentences of up to 15 years to 85 people deported from Kenya for telecoms fraud, including 44 from self-ruled Taiwan, an island Beijing claims as its own which said vital evidence had been ignored. Over the past two years, countries including Kenya, Spain, Vietnam and Cambodia have deported hundreds of people from Taiwan to China for telecoms fraud, sparking accusations from Taipei that Beijing was effectively kidnapping its citizens. China has defended the deportations, saying the crimes were committed against people in China and that as Taiwan is a part of China. The Beijing court said in a statement that one of the Taiwanese, Chang Kai-min, had been jailed for 15 years for helping scam 185 people out of more than 29 million yuan ($4.4 million). Taiwan s China policy-making Mainland Affairs Council said Taiwan and China had initially agreed to cooperate in investigating the Kenya case, but China had gone back on its word. The outside world could only believe justice had been done if the case had fully considered all the evidence and gone through proper legal procedure, the council added.  In this case, we obtained intelligence on the criminal suspects behind the scenes,  it said.  We again call on the mainland China side to cooperate with our public security organs, investigate the origins and not allow the masterminds behind the scenes to get away with it.  On at least two occasions last year, Kenya deported groups of Taiwanese to China. In one case, a Kenyan magistrate said the Taiwanese should be repatriated to their place of origin, Taiwan, but the Kenyan government sent them to China. Kenya, like most countries, only has diplomatic relations with China. Beijing considers democratic Taiwan a wayward province, ineligible for formal ties with other nations. Chinese authorities have sought to contain an explosion of telecom crime it says has led to huge financial losses, with callers often impersonating officials or authority figures and preying on the elderly, students or the unemployed. The fraud has spread overseas, with Chinese speakers recruited in neighboring Taiwan increasingly setting up operations in East Africa or Southeast Asia. The deportations have come as relations between Beijing and Taipei have deteriorated, with China suspecting Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen of pushing for the island s formal independence. She says she wants to maintain peace with China but will defend Taiwan s security and democracy. ",1
11749,"Peru president, crying 'coup,' signals VPs would quit if he ousted","LIMA (Reuters) - Peru s President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski on Wednesday signaled both his vice presidents would resign if Congress forced him from office, calling an opposition bid to remove him a  coup  attempt that had to be resisted. The rightwing populist party that controls Congress, Popular Force, aims to oust Kuczynski in a vote on Thursday on grounds he is  morally unfit  to govern, after finding he once had business connections with a company at the center of Latin America s biggest graft scandal. Kuczynski, who denies anything improper or illegal, said Popular Force was misusing its majority to attempt a power grab.  The constitution and democracy are under attack. We re facing a coup dressed in supposedly legitimate legal interpretations,  he said in a late night speech on national television.  This is a conviction that my two vice presidents share, because neither wants to be part of a government born of an unjust and anti-democratic maneuver,  Kuczynski said. He was flanked by First Vice President Martin Vizcarra and Second Vice President Mercedes Araoz. If Kuczynski loses Thursday s congressional vote to remove him and his two vice presidents depart as well, new presidential and legislative elections would be called. A 79-year-old former Wall Street banker, Kuczynski has struggled to govern since winning last year s presidential election but only a small share of congressional seats for his center-right party. Popular Force says its efforts to remove him are well within the bounds of the constitution and key to its fight against corruption.  He simply doesn t care about the country,  Popular Force lawmaker Luz Salgado said after Kuczynski s address. Earlier this week, Salgado called for Vizcarra to govern the country through 2021, when Kucyznski s term ends. Vizcarra and Araoz both pledged their loyalty to the center-right president on Wednesday but declined to comment on whether that meant they would resign if he was removed from office. Araoz told Reuters on Sunday that she and Vizcarra would not quit. In recent days, Kuczynski s supporters have increasingly called for his vice presidents to refuse to replace him. They believe new elections would cost Popular Force its majority amid widespread contempt for elected officials as a graft scandal taints much of the country s political class. But investors worry a new ballot could sweep anti-establishment candidates to power in one of Latin America s most stable economies. Kuczynski s government does not think it will come to that, said a government source. It expects about a dozen opposition lawmakers to oppose the motion or abstain from voting, said the source, who spoke on condition of anonymity. Eighty-seven votes are needed to oust Kuczynski. Congress passed the motion to start  presidential vacancy  proceedings last week with 93 votes. On Wednesday, thousands of Peruvians marched in front of Congress to denounce what they saw as Popular Force s bid to exploit the crisis to sabotage country s democratic institutions, pointing to its recent efforts to also oust the attorney general and a justice in the Constitutional Court. Popular Force emerged from the rightwing populist movement started in the 1990s by former President Alberto Fujimori, who is serving a 25-year-sentence for graft and human rights crimes during his autocratic 1990-2000 government. The United States, where Kuczynski once held citizenship, said Peru was a  strong democracy.   We are confident that the Peruvian people and institutions will address this situation according to Peru s constitutional norms,  the U.S. State Department s Bureau of Western Hemisphere Affairs said. The political crisis stems from a disclosure by Brazilian builder Odebrecht [ODBES.UL], which has landed elites in jail from Colombia to the Dominican Republic since acknowledging bribing officials across the region for much of the century. Responding to a request by Congress, Odebrecht said it paid more than $4 million to consulting companies owned by Kuczynski or a close business associate for about a decade starting in 2004. Some deposits were made to a company Kuczynski owned while he was minister in a government that awarded Odebrecht lucrative contracts. Odebrecht said Saturday that there was no indication the transactions were part of its past corrupt dealings with politicians, which it can only discuss with prosecutors. Kuczynski once strenuously denied ever having any ties with Odebrecht. He has since apologized to Peru for not disclosing his connections with the company, blaming forgetfulness and poor organization of his personal records after decades of work in finance and public administration. But he said there was nothing improper about the payments.  Being careless and sloppy is a defect but it is not...a tool for dishonesty and much, much less, for crime,  Kuczynski said. Kuczynski had once raised hopes that his decades of finance and public administration experience would usher in a new period of investments to spur faster economic growth in the world s No.2 copper producer. But in a sign of how the crisis has engulfed his government, Peru postponed an auction of a $2 billion copper project, scheduled for Wednesday, until February.  ",1
11750,Australian police say car that hit pedestrians in Melbourne was a deliberate act,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - A car was deliberately driven into pedestrians in the Australian city of Melbourne on Thursday, injuring up to 14 people, though the motive was not known, police said.  We believe based on what we have seen that it is a deliberate act,  Victorian Police commander Russell Barrett told media in Melbourne.  The motivations are unknown.    ",1
11751,Myanmar bars U.N. rights investigator before visit,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The U.N. independent investigator into human rights in Myanmar called on Wednesday for stronger international pressure to be exerted on Myanmar s military commanders after being barred from visiting the country for the rest of her tenure.  Yanghee Lee, U.N. special rapporteur, had been due to visit in January to assess human rights across Myanmar, including alleged abuses against Rohingya Muslims in Rakhine State. But Myanmar had told her she was no longer welcome, she said, adding in a statement that this suggested something  terribly awful  was happening in the country.   From what I see right now I m not sure if they are feeling pressured. I m not sure if there is the right kind of pressure placed on the military commanders and the generals,  she later told Reuters by telephone from Seoul. She said it was alarming that Myanmar was strongly supported by China, which has a veto at the U.N. s top table in New York. Other countries including the United States and human groups were advocating targeted sanctions on the military, she said.  It has to work. And I m sure the world has to find a way to make it work. And I think the United Nations and its member states should really try to persuade China to really act towards the protection of human rights,  she said. Surveys of Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh by aid agency Medecins Sans Frontieres have shown at least 6,700 Rohingya were killed in Rakhine state in the month after violence flared up on Aug 25, the aid group said last week. More than 650,000 Rohingya have fled into Bangladesh since Aug. 25, when attacks by Muslim insurgents on the Myanmar security forces triggered a sweeping response by the army and Buddhist vigilantes. Speaking in Beijing, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said the situation in Rakhine State was an internal affair for Myanmar with its own complex history. Myanmar and Bangladesh resolving this issue was the only way to go, she told reporters. The international community should provide constructive help for Myanmar and Bangladesh to resolve the issue rather than complicating it, Hua added. U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein has called the violence  a textbook example of ethnic cleansing  and said he would not be surprised if a court eventually ruled that genocide had taken place.     Lee had planned to use her visit to find out procedures for the return of Rohingya refugees, and to investigate increased fighting in Kachin State and Shan Sate in northern Myanmar, where the military is battling autonomy-seeking ethic minority guerrillas. Lee, in an earlier statement, said Myanmar s refusal to cooperate with her was a strong indication that there must be  something terribly awful happening  throughout the country, although the government had repeatedly denied any violations of human rights.  They have said that they have nothing to hide, but their lack of cooperation with my mandate and the fact-finding mission suggests otherwise,  she said. She was  puzzled and disappointed , since Myanmar s ambassador in Geneva, Htin Lynn, had told the U.N. Human Rights Council only two weeks ago that it would cooperate.  Now I am being told that this decision to no longer cooperate with me is based on the statement I made after I visited the country in July,  she said. Htin Lynn did not respond to a request for comment. Neither Zaw Htay, spokesman for Myanmar government leader Aung San Suu Kyi, nor Kyaw Moe Tun, a spokesman for the ministry of foreign affairs that Suu Kyi heads, were immediately available. ",1
11752,Dying for a paycheck: the Russian civilians fighting in Syria,"ORENBURG, Russia (Reuters) - When Vladimir Kabunin signed up as a private military contractor, he saw a chance to make a wage much higher than any he could earn in his provincial Russian hometown. Happy to be able to support his wife and son, the ex-police officer left Orenburg, nearly 1,500 km (940 miles) southeast of Moscow, and joined pro-Russian rebels fighting government forces in east Ukraine, a family friend and a relative told Reuters.  When fighting subsided there, he went to Syria to serve as a field medic with troops under Russian command, they said. Kabunin was killed in Syria this year and his body was sent home, they said. But the government does not recognize he was in Syria, so he was buried without military honors and nothing on his grave shows he was killed in action. Kabunin, who was 38, was one of hundreds of military contractors secretly recruited by Moscow for combat operations in Syria since Russia s military operation began there in 2015, according to people familiar with the deployment. According to a Reuters tally based on accounts from people who knew the deceased and local officials, at least 28 private contractors have been killed in Syria this year, and Russian consular documents seen by Reuters suggest the figure may be much higher.   The government denies recruiting and sending private military contractors to fight abroad. The defense ministry did not respond when asked about Kabunin s case and the role of contractors in Syria, and has said previous Reuters reports on the contractors are an attempt to discredit Russia s mission to restore peace to Syria.     But over two years, Reuters has spoken to dozens of family members, colleagues and friends of military contractors who have been killed in Syria. Those familiar with the deployment say the contractors are under government command and have helped turn the tide of war in favor of Russia s ally, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, while hiding the scale of its military involvement and losses. The fact that Kabunin and others like him are willing to sign up for such missions shows the Kremlin can draw on a large reserve of fighters who, as long as they are well remunerated, are willing to risk dying in the shadows. WELL-TRODDEN PATH Kabunin followed a path taken by many contractors: service in the military or security forces, a return to civilian life, a struggle to make a living, then a chance to make decent money fighting secretly for Russia, in Ukraine and then Syria. Family members of Russian contractors say that in Syria they were paid up to $6,500 per month, which exceeds Russia s average monthly wage more than 12 times.  If you quit law enforcement bodies, you have only one way (choice) - to become a mercenary,  Vasily Karkan, a classmate of Kabunin at school, told Reuters.   Kabunin was shy as a child until he started kickboxing classes, Karkan recalled. The sport became a life-long hobby. Kabunin obtained a degree in medicine and also studied law, but followed in the family footsteps by joining the police.  In 2010, he found a new job in a prison, where his wife also worked in a tuberculosis hospital. Kabunin s role was to work with prisoners to obtain information and gather intelligence on planned escape attempts or potential unrest, but he left that job in 2012.  A spokesman for Orenburg prisons service said he had left of his own volition. A family friend spoke of job cuts and said he looked for a new job for about two years.  There is no place to work,  the family friend said.  You can t earn more than 10,000 rubles ($170)(a month) here.  When fighting broke out in eastern Ukraine in 2014, Kabunin saw a job opportunity. Moscow denies deploying active service troops in Ukraine or providing direct military help to the separatists. But Kabunin signed up with Dmitry Utkin, the leader of a group of Russian ex-servicemen fighting there who uses the nom de guerre  Vagner , and, drawing on his medical degree, served as a military medic, his relative said. When Utkin and his comrades deployed to Syria in support of Russia s regular forces, Kabunin went with them, people familiar with the deployment said. As of April 2016, he was a field medic in a medical evacuation unit under Utkin s command in Syria, according to an official in a Ukrainian law enforcement agency. The agency says it has obtained the personnel records of 1,700 Russian contractors deployed in Syria, most of whom were earlier in Ukraine.  Kabunin left home for his last trip to Syria on Jan. 4 and was put in command of a medical company, but was wounded on Jan. 31 and died on Feb. 7 in Homs province, a relative said. The relative knew this from former police colleagues of Kabunin, some of whom also served in Syria, and from his death certificate, which was handed to his wife Natalya. It was not clear how she was informed and who gave her the death certificate. She declined to speak to Reuters.  Relatives of other killed contractors say the news has come via friends or acquaintances, or by phone from people who say they represent a private company. Kabunin was buried next to other family members  graves in Orenburg, his portrait displayed on a cross showing a man with a shaved head in civilian clothes. His wife received a compensation payment, according to the relative, who gave no further details. According to accounts from relatives of other contractors killed in Syria, the employer typically pays out 3 million rubles ($51,227) in compensation to the next of kin when a contractor is killed. Relatives of another dead contractor told Reuters that, in his case, the money was handed over to his widow in cash in a hotel in the southern Russian city of Rostov-on-Don. On a visit to Syria on Dec. 11, President Vladimir Putin declared mission accomplished for the Syrian operation and paid tribute to Russian servicemen who have been killed there. There was no mention of the contractors  losses. The government is under no obligation to disclose the deaths of non-regular forces fighting under its command and Russian military losses in Syria are a state secret. Kabunin s death did not dissuade his friend Valery Dzyuba, also a former police officer and kickboxer from Orenburg, from heading to Syria to fight as a military contractor. Dzyuba s family received a phone call from an unidentified man saying he had died on Aug. 20 but not specifying the circumstances. Dzyuba was killed in Syria, according to one of his classmates, Kabunin s relative and an official in the village where Dzyuba was buried. ",1
11753,Australia finds wreck of first Allied submarine to sink in World War One,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia has discovered the wreck of its first submarine off the coast of Papua New Guinea, authorities said on Thursday, resolving one of the country s oldest naval mysteries after more than a century. The submarine, AE-1, was the first Allied vessel to sink during World War One, while patrolling for German warships in 1914, in circumstances that have never been established. The Australian Navy and several private bodies found the final resting place of the vessel s 35 crew on their 13th attempt, Defence Minister Marise Payne told media.  The submarine s disappearance  was a tragedy for our then fledgling nation,  Payne said, adding that a small commemorative service was held aboard the survey ship that found the wreck and authorities were trying to contact the crew s descendants.  It is my hope that what we have done in the last couple of days will now provide relief to the family and descendants of all of those members,  said navy chief Vice Admiral Timmy Barrett, adding that the crew had come from Australia, Britain and New Zealand.      The authorities did not disclose the wreck s location, except to say it was found off the Duke of York Islands. The governments of Australia and Papua New Guinea said they planned to preserve the site. ",1
11754,U.S. creating 'sensational hype' over China's military modernization: ministry,"BEIJING (Reuters) - The United States has created  sensational hype  over China s military modernization, the defense ministry has said in reaction to a White House report branding China a competitor seeking to challenge U.S. power. U.S. President Donald Trump s administration on Monday laid out a national security strategy based on Trump s  America First  vision, singling out of China and Russia as  revisionist powers  seeking not only to challenge U.S. power but to erode its security and prosperity. China s foreign ministry said on Tuesday cooperation between China and the United States was the only correct choice. The spokesman for its defense ministry, Ren Guoqiang, said in a statement posted on the ministry website late on Wednesday that the U.S. strategy had  without regard for the facts, created sensational hype over the modernization of China s defenses . Ren also said the strategy had  called into question the intentions of China s military development plan  and that it ran counter to peace worldwide and the development of China s relations with the United States. China s contribution to world peace was plain for all to see, he said.  Attempts by any country or any document to distort the facts or cast aspersions will be in vain,  Ren said. China s armed forces, the world s largest, are in the midst of an ambitious modernization program, which includes investment in technology and new equipment such as stealth fighters and aircraft carriers, as well as cuts to troop numbers. The tough U.S. national security strategy comes after   Trump has sought to build strong relations with Chinese President Xi Jinping. Trump has called upon Xi to ensure China does more to help the United States rein in North Korea s nuclear and missile programs. The U.S. administration cited China s growing military might and its efforts to build military bases on manmade islands in the contested South China Sea as evidence of Chinese attempts to alter the status quo. China says its expansion of islets in the South China Sea is for peaceful purposes only and that, as it has irrefutable sovereignty there, no other country has the right to question its actions. ",1
11755,U.N. mediator de Mistura to attend Syria talks on Friday: report,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - U.N. special envoy on Syria Staffan de Mistura will arrive in Kazakhstan s capital on Friday to take part in Syria peace talks, the Kazakh Foreign Ministry said on Thursday, according to Russia s state news agency RIA. De Mistura will fly to Astana after talks in Moscow on Thursday with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov. Kazakhstan is hosting negotiations that aim to end the Syria crisis. Discussions in the past few months have focused on establishing de-escalation zones in Syria. ",1
11756,Indonesian police warn Islamists against raids in search of Santa hats,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesian police appealed on Thursday for tolerance and respect for other people s religious celebrations after an Islamist group threatened to raid businesses to check for Muslims being forced to wear Santa Claus hats or other Christmas garb. The hardline Islamic Defenders Front (FPI) said this week it would conduct  sweeping operations  in the world s biggest Muslim-majority country, and that forcing Muslims to wear Christmas attire was a violation of their human rights. Indonesia is home to several religious minorities, including Christians, Hindus, Buddhists and people who follow traditional beliefs.  The constitution guarantees freedom of religion in an officially secular state though tension between followers of different faiths can flare.  There can be no sweeping operations ... members of the public should respect other religions that are carrying out celebrations,  national police chief Tito Karnavian told police  during a security exercise in the capital, Jakarta. The FPI said it aimed to enforce a fatwa, or decree, issued by Indonesia s Islamic Clerical Council in 2016 prohibiting business owners from forcing employees to wear Christmas clothing.      We will raid businesses in anticipation of them being stubborn about this and we will be accompanied by police,  said Novel Bakmukmin, head of the FPI s Jakarta chapter.  Employers forcing staff to wear Christmas clothes were violating their rights.  Businesses should be aware that there should be no forcing,  he said. The Islamic Clerical Council s decrees are not legally binding but serve as guidelines for Indonesian Muslims.         Christmas is widely celebrated across Indonesia and holiday decorations are ubiquitous, especially at shops, restaurants and malls where many enthusiastic workers - even Muslims - don Santa hats or elf costumes. The FPI built its reputation with raids on restaurants and bars serving alcohol during the Muslim fasting month of Ramadan. In recent years, it has turned its attention to Christian celebrations. The group has also said it wants the Jakarta city government to stop sponsoring New Year celebrations, which attract many thousands of people. About 90,000 police officers will be on duty cross the country during the end-of-year holidays, in an operation largely aimed at preventing militant attacks.  Attacks on churches in Jakarta and elsewhere on Christmas Eve in 2000, killed nearly 20 people. Ever since, authorities have stepped up security at churches and tourist spots for the holiday. ",1
11757,South Korean 'nut rage' executive remains free after court upholds suspended sentence,"SEOUL (Reuters) - A former Korean Air Lines executive who went into a rage on an aircraft over the way she was served nuts in first class avoided jail on Thursday when South Korea s Supreme Court upheld her 10-month suspended sentence. Heather Cho had been charged with, among others, violation of aviation law in 2015 after she took issue with the way she was served nuts and forced the Korean Air Lines plane to return to its gate in a New York airport in December 2014. The incident became a national scandal in South Korea, as Cho is the daughter of the chairman of Hanjin Group, the conglomerate of which Korean Air is an affiliate. Cho stepped down from her role as Korean Air Lines vice president and attempted to apologize to crew members.  The Supreme Court upheld an appeals court ruling that said forcing an on-the-ground plane to return to its gate cannot be seen as  route deviation,  but found Cho guilty of abusive language and actions against cabin crew and forcing a crew member to disembark.  Cho was originally sentenced to one year in jail, but has been free from custody since May 2015, when the appeals court suspended her sentence. ",1
11758,Exclusive: China's border city with North Korea eases tourism curbs - sources,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese tourists are still visiting Pyongyang from China s border city of Dandong, tourism sources say, even after authorities unofficially halted the tours just ahead of U.S. President Donald Trump s visit to China last month.  A group of 40 Chinese tourists left on Friday from the border city of Dandong to Pyongyang, two sources with direct knowledge of the matter told Reuters, a sign local authorities have not been strongly enforcing curbs on tourist flows.   This is the largest group to go in from Dandong since the curb,  a tour operator said, adding the tourists traveled by train into North Korea for a four-day tour. The Dandong Tourism Bureau declined to be interviewed for this story. When asked for comment, China s foreign ministry said they did  not understand the situation.  Local businesses in China are known to find ways around policies introduced by local authorities or Beijing, whether in good times or bad.   There s always a way around government policies,  said one Dandong-based tourism source.  You know how Chinese people are.    I think the central government will be very annoyed at Dandong for lifting the travel restriction,  the tour operator said. MONEY-MAKER FOR NORTH Tourism to North Korea is not banned by the United Nations and is one of the few remaining ways that North Korea earns hard currency. The Korea Maritime Institute, a South Korean think-tank, estimates that tourism generates about $44 million in annual revenue for North Korea.  The U.N. has ramped up sanctions over North Korea s accelerating missile program over the past year, curbing key export industries including coal, seafood and textiles. Simon Cockerell, head of Beijing-based Koryo Tours which organizes travel to North Korea, said he saw 3 to 4 busloads of Chinese tourists in Pyongyang in mid-November.  But I m not sure where they entered from or what visas they were on,  he said.   If you have a visa to North Korea, it doesn t say where you can and can t go. So once you enter into Sinuiju or Rason, you could travel onwards to Pyongyang. The North Koreans wouldn t care,  Cockerell said.  Sinuiju and Rason are popular entry points for Chinese tourists traveling overland into North Korea. China never publicly announced a ban on Chinese tourists visiting Pyongyang and strongly opposes unilateral sanctions, which it says undermines U.N. unity. But the day before U.S President Donald Trump s first official visit to China in early November, Reuters exclusively reported that the Dandong Tourism Bureau had told Chinese tour operators based in Dandong to halt trips to North Korea s capital of Pyongyang. Trump has frequently praised Chinese President Xi Jinping Trump with whom he has been working to exert pressure on North Korea through strict enforcement of sanctions over its nuclear and ballistic missile programs. Dandong, a city of 800,000 people in northeastern Liaoning province, is the main trading hub on the Chinese side of the border and most tour companies that take Chinese tourists to North Korea are based there. The U.N. sanctions have particularly hit Dandong s economy this year. Almost all tours to North Korea have stopped and many Dandong-based companies who traditionally conducted business with North Korea are struggling, sources told Reuters.   A lot of the more successful Chinese businessmen have gone on holidays because there s nothing for them to do around here at the moment,  said one Chinese businessman in Dandong.  China s trade with North Korea has already fallen to its lowest in months. Beijing has repeatedly said it is rigorously enforcing U.N. resolutions aimed at reining in Pyongyang s missile and nuclear programs. North Korea has accelerated the pace of its missile tests this year. Pyongyang said its latest test on Nov. 28 was an intercontinental ballistic missile that it said could deliver heavy nuclear warheads anywhere in the continental United States.  ",1
11759,Mexico arrests former high-ranking PRI official in corruption probe,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexican authorities on Wednesday arrested a former high-ranking official of President Enrique Pena Nieto s party in a corruption investigation in the northern state of Chihuahua, the state s governor said. The arrest extends a streak of corruption allegations dogging the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), with four former governors arrested on such charges this year. Entrenched corruption is expected to be a key issue in the runup to Mexico s next presidential election in 2018. Alejandro Gutierrez, who was the adjunct secretary to the presidency of the PRI, was arrested in a joint operation by state and federal police, Chihuahua Governor Javier Corral wrote in a post on Facebook. The Chihuahua prosecutor s office accused Gutierrez of participating in a  sophisticated scheme  to divert public funds of 250 million pesos ($13 million) earmarked for educational programs in 2016. Gutierrez will present himself before a judge early Thursday, the office said in a statement. This week, Mexican newspaper Reforma published reports on an alleged Chihuahua corruption scheme to funnel the money into the PRI s campaign fund, through avenues such as fake contracts for workshops for parents and expensive software. The reports were based on testimony to prosecutors by former state finance minister Jaime Herrera that the paper obtained.  Gutierrez  arrest took place in Coahuila. This week, he rejected allegations against him in an interview with Mexican newspaper Vanguardia, saying he was considering suing for defamation.  I am thinking, I will have to look into it, if I initiate some legal proceeding,  he said.  I do not know, I repeat to you, I did not know not even one official, nor ex-official, of finances... I see things that are absolutely false.  Gutierrez  arrest  contributes to the clearing up of the crimes of political corruption that have been attributed to the former governor, C sar Duarte J quez,  said Corral, of the National Action Party.   The government is determining whether others should be held responsible for the funneling of funds to PRI coffers in 2016, Corral added. In March, a Mexican judge issued an arrest warrant for Duarte on suspicion of embezzlement. Corral has said he is a fugitive from justice. A spokesman for the PRI did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The PRI was routed in 2016 regional elections, losing several of its bastions, including the states of Veracruz, Tamaulipas and Quintana Roo, as voters expressed discontent over a series of graft scandals.  ",1
11760,"North Korea rejects U.S. accusation, says it is not linked to any cyber attacks","SEOUL (Reuters) - A spokesman for North Korea s foreign ministry said on Thursday Pyongyang is not linked to any cyber attacks, the North s first response since the United States publicly blamed it for a massive worldwide cyber security breach.  As we have clearly stated on several occasions, we have nothing to do with cyber attack and we do not feel a need to respond, on a case-by-case basis, to such absurd allegations of the U.S.,  the spokesman said, according to the North s official KCNA news agency. The U.S. accusation was a serious political provocation against North Korea that Pyongyang would never tolerate, the spokesman said. The May cyber attack crippled hospitals, banks and other companies. ",1
11761,U.S. approves license for Ukraine to buy small arms from U.S. firms,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department has approved an export license for Ukraine to buy certain light weapons and small arms from U.S. manufacturers, spokeswoman Heather Nauert said on Wednesday. Department records show Ukraine has bought small amounts of those types of weapons for several years, both before and after the 2014 Russian annexation of Ukraine s Crimean peninsula. The department notified Congress of the decision on Dec. 13, Nauert said, adding that the U.S. government was not selling the weapons directly to the Kiev government but was allowing Ukraine to buy from U.S. manufacturers.   Under the previous two administrations, the U.S. government has approved export licenses to Ukraine, so this is nothing new,  Nauert said. The license covers weapons in categories such as semi-automatic and automatic firearms up to, and including, .50 caliber weapons. It also includes combat shotguns, silencers, military scopes, and flash suppressors, as well as parts. Nauert said the U.S. government had not directly provided lethal defensive equipment to Ukraine, nor had it ruled out doing so. U.S. exporters can apply for direct commercial sales licenses at any time and those are reviewed by the State Department on a case-by-case basis, she said. ",1
11762,Venezuela may ban main opposition parties from presidential vote,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela s pro-government legislative superbody ruled on Wednesday that parties who boycotted this month s local elections had lost legitimacy, potentially eliminating the main opposition groups from the 2018 presidential race. The decree by the Constituent Assembly - created in a controversial July vote boycotted by the opposition and widely condemned abroad - infuriated Venezuela s opposition and drew criticism from the United States.   The Venezuelan government and its illegitimate Constituent Assembly are inventing rules as they go along. This is not democracy,  the U.S. Embassy said on Twitter. The Justice First, Democratic Action and Popular Will parties did not run candidates in this month s mayoral polls in protest against what they said was a biased election system designed to perpetuate leftist President Nicolas Maduro s  dictatorship.  Maduro had warned that could cost them participation in future votes and the Constituent Assembly echoed that position on Wednesday, saying the parties had lost their legal status and should re-apply to the National Election Board. Given that the board is pro-Maduro and authorities are constantly throwing up obstacles to the opposition, that could well mean those parties are now effectively unable to run in the presidential election due before the end of 2018. Maduro, 55, is expected to run for re-election despite the disastrous state of the economy in Venezuela, where millions are skipping meals and struggling to survive amid one of the world s highest inflation rates and widespread shortages of basics. Two of his potentially biggest rivals already cannot run against him: Popular Will leader Leopoldo Lopez is under house arrest, while Justice First leader Henrique Capriles is prohibited from holding political office.  We alert the world and all democratic governments that banning opposition political parties is yet another measure by the dictatorship that deserves rejection and condemnation,  said Capriles  party colleague Tomas Guanipa. Maduro and his allies say the Constituent Assembly has brought peace to the OPEC nation after months of opposition protests earlier this year in which more than 125 people were killed. Demonstrators said they were fighting for freedom, but the government condemned them as violent subversives.   It s time for the coupsters to face the constitution. Let no one undermine the people s participation and the democratic system,  Constituent Assembly head Delcy Rodriguez said after the passage of Wednesday s measure. ",1
11763,South Korean military fires warning shots at North Korean troops searching for defector: Yonhap,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean guards fired around 20 warning shots at North Korean troops searching for a defector who fled across the heavily militarized border between the two countries on Thursday, South Korea s Yonhap news agency reported. ",1
11764,South Africa's new ANC leader Ramaphosa aims to fight corruption,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - Cyril Ramaphosa, the new leader of South Africa s governing ANC party, said on Thursday he aims to stamp out corruption and pursue a policy of  radical economic transformation  that will speed up expropriation of land without compensation. Ramaphosa, a 65-year-old union leader who became a businessman and is now one of South Africa s richest people, is likely to become the country s next president after elections in 2019, because of his party s electoral dominance. His promise to fight rampant corruption and revitalize the economy has been hailed by foreign investors.  This conference has resolved that corruption must be fought with the same intensity and purpose that we fight poverty, unemployment and inequality,  Ramaphosa said in his maiden speech at the close of a five-day party meeting where he was elected.  We must also act fearlessly against alleged corruption and abuse of office within our ranks,  he said in the early hours of Thursday after a long delay. Ramaphosa, who is South Africa s deputy president, was elected the new leader of the African National Congress (ANC) on Monday, succeeding President Jacob Zuma as party head after Zuma s presidency became tainted with corruption allegations. Ramaphosa s narrow victory over former cabinet minister and African Union Commission chairwoman Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, 68, is seen as a pivotal moment for the ANC, which launched black-majority rule under Nelson Mandela s leadership 23 years ago but is now deeply divided with its image tarnished. Ramaphosa paid tribute to Zuma in his speech, saying the ANC would be  united  despite a fractious campaign. Zuma had backed his ex-wife Dlamini-Zuma for ANC s top job. However, investors are concerned that Ramaphosa may not be able to push through policy changes because the ANC s top decision-making group, known as the  Top Six , was split down the middle, with three politicians apiece drawn from Ramaphosa s camp and that of Dlamini-Zuma. Analysts warned that the division of the party presidency, held by Ramaphosa, and the state presidency in Zuma s hands, could lead to policy uncertainty or paralysis.  Mr. Zuma, for instance, still occupies South Africa s presidency   a cohabitation that may cause a period of policy uncertainty,  Capital Economics Africa economist John Ashbourne said  in a note.  Expectations that Ramaphosa would win the ANC race had pushed the rand to 12.5200 per dollar on Monday, its firmest since March 27, when a cabinet reshuffle by Zuma rocked markets and triggered credit ratings downgrades to  junk.  The rand weakened on Tuesday, but firmed on Wednesday as investors continued to digest how much clout Ramaphosa wields.  Victory for Ramaphosa, but not a loss for Zuma,  said Geoff Blount, managing director at BayHill Capital. Zuma has faced allegations of corruption since he became head of state in 2009, but has denied any wrongdoing. The president has also faced allegations that his friends the wealthy Gupta businessmen wielded undue influence over his government. Zuma and the Guptas have denied the accusations. Ramaphosa alluded to these allegations in his speech, saying,  At the state level we must confront the reality that critical institutions of our state have been targeted by individuals and families, through the exercise of influence and the manipulation of governance processes and public resources.  He said this had weakened the state-owned enterprises in Africa s most industrialized economy. South Africa, the continent s traditional powerhouse, has had lethargic growth over the last six years and the jobless rate stands near record levels. Ramaphosa also had a warning for corporate executives.  We must investigate without fear or favor the so-called  accounting irregularities  that cause turmoil in the markets and wipe billions off the investments of ordinary South Africans,  he said. South African furniture retailer Steinhoff, has been embroiled in a scandal over accounting irregularities, which have wiped more than $10 billion off its market value over the past two weeks. Ramaphosa also said he would aim to expedite job creation, improve the lackluster economy and speed up the transfer of land to black people. Two decades after the end of apartheid, the ANC is under pressure to redress racial disparities in land ownership where whites own most of the land.  This conference has resolved that the expropriation of land without compensation should be among the mechanisms available to government to give effect to land reform and redistribution,  Ramaphosa said. He said the land transfers would be speeded up under the radical economic transformation program, a vague ANC plan to tackle racial inequality. ",1
11765,Mexican governor requests leave to run for president,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The governor of Nuevo Leon, a prosperous state in northern Mexico, requested a leave of absence on Wednesday to run as an independent candidate for president next year. Jaime Rodriguez, known as  El Bronco,  wrote in a post on Twitter that he had asked the state s congress for permission to take a six-month leave of absence.   I want to change Mexico so that the citizens together make history,  he wrote in Spanish.  While this is being decided, I will continue working as every day.  Diana Adame, a spokeswoman for the state of Nuevo Leon, said the governor expects to hear back from Congress in the next few days. Rodriguez still needs more signatures across 12 states to become an independent candidate, having reached the goal in five, according to the electoral regulator INE.  A poll by Parametria published by Reuters on Tuesday showed just 2 percent of people said they would vote for Rodriguez, though other polls have put it at around 4 percent. ",1
11766,South Korea plans to buy 20 additional F-35 aircraft: report,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea plans to buy an additional 20 F-35A stealth fighter aircraft from the United States, a South Korean newspaper reported on Thursday, less than two months after U.S. President Donald Trump announced Seoul would be purchasing billions of dollars in new military equipment. South Korea s Defence Acquisition Program Administration has  established a process for procuring the 20 additional aircraft, the Joongang Ilbo newspaper reported, citing multiple government sources. In 2014 South Korea formally announced a plan to buy 40 F-35As from American defense contractor Lockheed Martin. ",1
11767,"Explainer - Damian Green, UK PM's May deputy, resigns over pornography scandal","LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May forced her most senior minister, Damian Green, to resign on Wednesday after an internal investigation found he had made misleading comments about pornography on computers in his parliamentary office. Below are details about Green, the investigation into his behavior and May s decision to demand his resignation.  An ally and a friend from their days at the University of Oxford, Green was appointed first secretary of state, May s de-facto deputy, in the wake of her snap June election which stripped her party of its parliamentary majority.  In the tumultuous weeks after the June vote, Green helped to stabilize May s premiership and appease some of those within the Conservative Party who wanted her to quit.  His departure is a blow for the government as May navigates the final year of tortuous Brexit negotiations before Britain s exit from the European Union in March 2019. He is also the third minister to quit in recent weeks following the departure of the defense minister and the aid minister. The departure of Green, who like May voted in the 2016 referendum to stay in the EU, also removes one of her most senior advocates of a softer Brexit. The resignation comes a day after May started the delicate process of agreeing a common negotiating position among her cabinet for the long-term relationship Britain wants to have with the EU after Brexit. On Nov. 1 Kate Maltby, an academic, critic and family friend wrote an article in the Times newspaper alleging that Green had made an inappropriate sexual advance toward her in 2015.  He offered me career advice and in the same breath made it clear he was sexually interested,  said Maltby, who is three decades younger than Green.  He steered the conversation to the habitual nature of sexual affairs in parliament... He mentioned that his own wife was very understanding. I felt a fleeting hand against my knee.  Green denied the allegations as  absolutely and completely untrue . May asked the Cabinet Office, responsible for the administrative functions of the government, to investigate. Five days later the Sunday Times reported that the police had found pornography on a computer in Green s office during a 2008 investigation into government leaks.  Green said in a statement that the story was  completely untrue .  More importantly, the police have never suggested to me that improper material was found on my parliamentary computer,  he added.  In a second statement on Nov. 11 he again said no allegations about the presence of improper material on his parliamentary computers had ever been put to him.  On Wednesday, May s office published a summary of its investigation into Green.  It found that Green s conduct as a minister was generally  professional and proper  and that it was not possible to reach a definitive conclusion on the appropriateness of his behavior with Maltby.  It said however that the investigation found Maltby s account of the events to be plausible.  On the issue of pornography, it found the two statements made by Green on 4 and 11 November to be inaccurate and misleading.   The Metropolitan Police Service had previously informed him of the existence of this material,  it said.  These statements therefore fall short of the honesty requirement of the Seven Principles of Public Life and constitute breaches of the Ministerial Code. Mr Green accepts this.  On Wednesday, May asked for his resignation.  While I can understand the considerable distress caused to you by some of the allegations which have been made in recent weeks, I know that you share my commitment to maintaining the high standards which the public demands of Ministers of the Crown,  May wrote to Green in a letter.   It is therefore with deep regret, and enduring gratitude for the contribution you have made over many years, that I asked you to resign from the government and have accepted your resignation.  Green apologized for breaking the ministerial code.  He said that he did not download or view pornography on his parliamentary computers but accepted that he should have been more clear in his November statements about what the police had told him.  He said he did not recognize the description Maltby gave of their 2015 meeting but said he had clearly made her feel uncomfortable and apologized. He added that he deeply regretted the distress caused to Maltby after she wrote the article.   I regret that I ve been asked to resign from the government following breaches of the ministerial code, for which I apologise,  he said.  ",1
11768,Earthquake of magnitude 5.2 strikes near Iran's capital,"LONDON (Reuters) - An earthquake of magnitude 5.2 struck a town near the Iranian capital Tehran on Wednesday night, state media reported, but there were no initial reports of casualties or significant damage. Last month, a 7.3-magnitude earthquake hit villages and towns in Iran s western Kermanshah province along the mountainous border with Iraq, killing 620 people and injuring thousands of others. Authorities said they were gathering information about the latest quake, which hit in the late evening at a depth of 7 km (4 miles). They asked residents to remain calm but be prepared for possible aftershocks. The epicenter of the quake was 3 km from the city of Malard, and not far from Meshkin Dasht, which sits about 50 km west of Tehran, state news agency IRNA said. The quake was also felt in Alborz, Qazvin, Qom, Gilan and Markazi provinces, according to state media.   There have been no reports of casualties or damage,  Behnam Saeedi, a spokesman for Iran s National Disaster Management Organization, was quoted as saying by the semi-official ILNA news agency. In Tehran and other cities, residents flooded into streets and parks, fearing a stronger aftershock. Some set up tents to spend the night outside, and lit fires.  Tasnim news agency quoted Minister of Sports Masoud Soltanifar as saying sport centers in city of Karaj in Alborz province, and Eslamshahr in southern Tehran were open to the public to spend the night.  Some people also took refuge at the mausoleum of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, the founder of the Islamic Republic in southern Tehran. Minister of Energy Reza Ardakanian was quoted by ISNA news agency as saying that Amirkabir Dam, one hour west of Tehran, remained intact and supply of water and electricity was not disrupted in any way. Schools, universities and government offices will be closed in Tehran, Alborz and Qom provinces on Thursday, according to the state television. ",1
11769,U.S. follows Mexico in backing disputed Honduran vote result,"WASHINGTON/TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - The United States on Wednesday followed Mexico in signaling that Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez had won a heavily disputed presidential election last month, lending weight to his legitimacy in spite of ongoing opposition protests. The Honduran electoral tribunal at the weekend declared U.S. ally Hernandez the winner of the Nov. 26 election in spite of widespread misgivings about the count, which turned in favor of the incumbent after suddenly halting with the opposition ahead. Violent protests have broken out in Honduras over the vote, and the Organization of American States (OAS) urged the country to hold new elections to resolve the dispute. That proposal has, however, been rejected by senior Honduran officials. Hernandez s rival Salvador Nasralla traveled to Washington this week to urge the United States not to recognize the vote, but a senior U.S. State Department official said that his government had no evidence that would alter the results.  At this point ... we have not seen anything that alters the final result,  the official told reporters, saying Washington may wait to make a definitive judgment in case the opposition presents additional evidence of fraud in the election. Mexico on Tuesday congratulated Hernandez for being declared victor. Mexico s step, which followed the recognition of Hernandez by Colombia and Guatemala, strengthened the incumbent s hand and could tilt other countries in his favor.  The Mexican statement, and its review, indicates that a call for a new election is a pretty dramatic outcome in this case,  said the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity. Washington may hold off on making a final judgment until the end of a five-day period when the opposition can produce further evidence to contest the results, the official added. He said a U.S. deputy assistant secretary of state met with Nasralla, who has accused Hernandez of stealing the election.  He did not have any new (allegations of) fraud (or) evidence to present to us, and I think we are going to work through this quickly to get to a definitive U.S. statement, he added.  The Mexican statement is going to have a strong influence on whether we think we can move forward sooner. The Mexicans seem pretty certain in their statement.  Hernandez on Wednesday named a new head of the armed forces, Rene Orlando Ponce, who quickly indicated on local radio that solving the impasse would be for Honduras alone.  We re not going to accept any interference beyond Honduran law,  he said. ",1
11770,May will allow Brexit delay in exceptional circumstances,"LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday she would permit a delay to Britain s departure from the European Union in exceptional circumstances, bowing to criticism from her own party over the government s plan to fix the exit date in law. The decision is a compromise with Conservative lawmakers who last week rebelled in parliament and inflicted an embarrassing defeat on May during a debate on the legislation that will end Britain s EU membership. The legislation, formally titled the European Union (Withdrawal) Bill, later won approval to move to the next stage of the parliamentary process, although it still faces weeks of further scrutiny before becoming law. May headed off a second rebellion by agreeing that her government s plan to define the date of Britain s EU exit as March 29, 2019, should be tempered by inserting a proviso allowing that date to be changed if necessary.  If that power were to be used, it would be only in extremely exceptional circumstances and for the shortest possible time,  May told lawmakers. Parliament will have to approve any new date. Junior Brexit Minister Steve Baker added that he could not envisage the date being brought forward. The passage of the bill to the next stage was overshadowed by the resignation of May s most senior ally in government, Damian Green, at May s request after an internal investigation found he had breached the government s code of conduct. The destabilising resignation adds to the political difficulties May faces as she tries to deliver Brexit against a backdrop of a divided parliament and electorate, and questions about her ability to meet an already tight timetable.  She wants to negotiate a transition deal with Brussels by March to reassure businesses and then seal a long-term trade deal by October. Brussels has said a detailed trade deal is likely to take much longer, and that Britain s transition period must end by 2020. In addition, May s government has to undertake the huge legislative task of transferring the existing body of EU law into British law before it leaves in order to provide legal certainty for businesses. ",1
11771,"Factbox: May's Brexit plan passes parliamentary test, more to come","LONDON (Reuters) - Legislation underpinning the government s plan to leave the European Union passed the latest stage in its journey through parliament on Wednesday, but still faces weeks of scrutiny before it becomes law. After eight days of debate, the legislation completed its  Committee Stage , where lawmakers debate the bill line by line and try to make changes to the government s proposed wording. Formally known as the European Union (Withdrawal) Bill, the legislation will now face other stages of approval in the lower house of parliament, and must then make its way through a multi-stage process in the upper house.  Both chambers must agree on the wording before it can become law. What is the bill and what does it do? The legislation serves two main functions: 1. Repealing the 1972 European Communities Act which made Britain a member of the European Communities, forerunner to the European Union. This effectively ends Britain s EU membership. 2. Transferring the existing body of EU law into British law. This is designed to provide legal certainty about the complex process of leaving.  Why is it controversial? The bill has faced criticism from opposition lawmakers, campaign groups and members of May s Conservative Party. Brexit is still divisive in Britain after a referendum in June last year, and many people, including some lawmakers, want to retain as much of the country s current EU membership as possible. Others would like to reverse the vote altogether. The most significant objections so far have focused on several different parts of the bill: 1. The power for the government to amend EU laws as they are brought onto the British statute book.  2. The extent to which parliament will be given a say on the final exit deal. 3. The government s intention to fix March 29, 2019 in law as  Exit Day . May runs a minority government, which has a slim 13-seat working majority in the 650-seat parliament thanks to a deal with a small Northern Irish party. Only seven Conservative lawmakers could be required to rebel to defeat the government. What has happened so far? The threat of rebellion has forced the government to make several concessions on its plans, including Wednesday s compromise to allow the date of Brexit to be changed in exceptional circumstances. Ministers also agreed to greater scrutiny in parliament of the process of transposing EU law. May suffered one embarrassing defeat, when 11 Conservatives sided with the opposition to successfully demand stronger guarantees that parliament will have a meaningful vote on the country s final exit agreement. Ministers fought off, or bargained their way out of other disagreements on issues like the powers government will have to change EU laws as they are transposed into British law, and the government s intention not to transfer across the EU s Charter of Fundamental Rights. The bill cleared its first parliamentary hurdle in September when, after two days of debate, lawmakers voted 326 to 290 in favor of the principles of the bill.  What happens next? The debate will continue in the lower house of parliament next year at a date which has yet to be set. This so-called  Report Stage  is a new opportunity to add amendments. Immediately after report stage, the bill is given a  Third Reading . It usually lasts an hour and is a general discussion of the bill followed by a vote. No amendments can be made. If approved, the bill will then pass to the upper chamber of parliament, where the Conservatives do not have a majority. The entire process will take months to complete, and there is no target end date. House of Lords:  Once the bill passes to the unelected upper chamber of parliament, the House of Lords, Lords can put forward their own amendments, each of which will be discussed and decided on in turn. If the lords agree to any amendments, the bill passes back to the House of Commons for its approval. Ping Pong: If the bill passes back to the commons, they debate and vote on the lords  amendments. No new amendments can be introduced. In theory the bill can continue passing back and forth between the lords and commons until the final bill is agreed upon. Royal assent: Once the bill has been agreed by both houses of parliament, it is given royal assent, when the queen formally agrees to make the bill into an Act of Parliament. ",1
11772,Full Brexit in Jan. 2021 as EU sets transition deadline,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union wants a transition period after Brexit to end no later than the last day of 2020, according to the European Commission s negotiating directives agreed on Wednesday. That date, coinciding with the end of the EU s seven-year budget period and 21 months after Britain departs the EU, had long been expected as the target end point of the transition. But this was the first official confirmation that it is the goal of the Union s negotiators. British Prime Minister Theresa May had sought a transition lasting around two years. EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier, speaking at a news conference after the EU executive had agreed the terms, said the 2020 deadline was logical and would avoid complications in the next 2021-2027 EU budget period.  The four pages of new directives for Barnier were in line with guidelines issued by EU leaders at a summit on Friday and will form the basis of talks on the transition that he hopes to start next month. He has said in the past he hopes a free trade pact could be ready to take effect in January 2021. The directives spell out that Britain will effectively remain in EU institutions, bound by all their rules including new ones, while not having a say in their making.  The EU will also offer Britain a non-voting place at some meetings where decisions may affect specific issues and will set up special arrangements for a UK role in setting annual EU fishing quotas. The directives also spell out more clearly that EU treaties with other countries and international organizations will no longer apply to Britain during the transition period.  However, the document adds:  Where it is in the interest of the Union, the Union may consider whether and how arrangements can be agreed that would maintain the effects of the agreements as regards the United Kingdom during the transition period.      This has been important to Britain since it could mean that it no longer benefits automatically from free trade agreements which the EU has with, say, Canada or South Korea, while it would still have to apply EU trade policy   for example collecting EU customs duty at UK ports. Barnier said he understood that Britain was working with other countries to try to retain the advantages of some of the nearly 750 international agreements to which London is currently party as an EU member. Among elements spelled out more in the directives than in the leaders  guidelines last week was a repetition of a previously agreed EU position that everything applying to Brexit for Britain would also apply to other British territories. Brussels has said the Spanish government must agree any future arrangements with Britain that affect the British territory of Gibraltar on Spain s southern coast. Asked about his previously expressed view that a future trade deal may offer little automatic access for the City of London s financial services firms to the EU market, Barnier repeated that free access would be unprecedented as far as he was aware.  I remind you that I m not aware of any free-trade deal in the past between the European Union and third countries that would have allowed privileged access for financial services,  he told a news conference.  British negotiators have said Britain s size and proximity give it the leverage to negotiate a more ambitious relationship with the EU than any other state. During the transition, Britain will maintain access to the European single market, Barnier added.  Britain will keep all the benefits, but also all the obligations of the single market, the customs union and the common policies,  he said, ruling out  a la carte  terms. Barnier welcomed agreements made earlier this month on issues such as the Irish border, citizens  rights and the divorce settlement.  We are not at the end of the road,  he said.  But it is an important stage of this road towards an orderly withdrawal rather than a disorderly one.  ",1
11773,"U.S. sanctions Chechen leader, four others under Magnitsky Act","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Treasury Department on Wednesday imposed new sanctions on five Russians and Chechens, including the head of the Russian republic of Chechnya, for alleged human rights abuses.  The new sanctions blacklisted Ramzan Kadyrov, the Chechen leader and a close ally of Russian President Vladimir Putin, the Treasury Department said in a statement.  U.S. authorities accused Kadyrov of overseeing  an administration involved in disappearances and extrajudicial killings . On a conference call with reporters Wednesday, a senior U.S. State Department official said that  one or more of Kadyrov s political opponents were killed at his direction.   Kadyrov reacted to news of the sanctions with his usual defiance.  A sleepless night is waiting for me,  Kadyrov wrote, apparently sarcastically, on his Instagram social media account.  I can be proud that I m out of favor with the special services of the USA. In fact, the USA cannot forgive me for dedicating my whole life to the fight against foreign terrorists among which there are bastards of America s special services.  He also wrote that he would not be visiting the United States. The U.S. Treasury Department imposed the sanctions, which freeze the banks accounts of those targeted, under a 2012 law known as the Magnitsky Act.  The Magnitsky Act imposed visa bans and asset freezes on Russian officials linked to the death in prison of Sergei Magnitsky, a 37-year-old Russian auditor and whistleblower. The act also seeks to hold responsible those U.S. authorities allege orchestrated or benefited from the death of Magnitsky.   Treasury remains committed to holding accountable those involved in the Sergei Magnitsky affair, including those with a role in the criminal conspiracy and fraud scheme that he uncovered,  Director of the Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control John Smith said in a statement. Magnitsky was arrested and died in a Moscow jail in 2009 after discovering a $230 million tax fraud scheme, according to U.S. authorities. Supporters of Magnitsky say the Russian state murdered him by denying him adequate medical care after he was imprisoned on tax evasion charges. The Kremlin denies the allegation. In addition to Kadyrov and one other Chechen official, the Treasury s action on Wednesday targeted three Russians that U.S. authorities say were involved in the complex tax fraud scheme that Magnitsky exposed. The Magnitsky sanctions have been a point of tension between Moscow and Washington, even before Russia s annexation of Crimea sent relations spiraling. In retaliation for the Magnitsky Act, Putin signed a bill halting U.S. adoptions of Russian children. It had been unclear to sanctions experts whether President Donald Trump s administration, which has signaled a desire to rebuild ties with Moscow, would continue to target people under the law.  The Magnitsky Act attracted greater public attention when it emerged that the president s son Donald Trump Jr., had met with a Russian lawyer and a lobbyist - both strident opponents of the law - in New York ahead of the 2016 U.S. elections. When asked about the June 2016 meeting, Trump Jr. later said they discussed the adoptions issue. On a conference call with reporters on Wednesday, State Department officials said that despite the new sanctions the Trump administration wants a constructive relationship with Moscow.  We believe a Russia that takes care of the human rights of its own citizens will be an even more effective partner,  a senior State Department official said. ",1
11774,Turkish PM calls Rohingya killings in Myanmar 'genocide',"COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - Turkey s prime minister on Wednesday dubbed the killing of minority Muslim Rohingyas in Myanmar by its security forces  genocide  and urged the international community to ensure their safety back home. Binali Yildirim met several Rohingyas in two refugee camps in Cox s Bazar in neighboring Bangladesh. Almost 870,000 Rohingya fled there, about 660,000 of whom arrived after Aug. 25, when Rohingya militants attacked security posts and the Myanmar army launched a counter-offensive.  The Myanmar military has been trying to uproot Rohingya Muslim community from their homeland and for that they persecuted them, set fire to their homes, villages, raped and abused women and killed them,  Yildirim told reporters from Cox s Bazar, before flying back to Turkey.  It s one kind of a genocide,  he said.  The international community should also work together to ensure their safe and dignified return to their homeland,  Yildirim, who was accompanied by Bangladesh s Foreign Minister Abul Hassan Mahmood Ali, said. Surveys of Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh by aid agency Medecins Sans Frontieres have shown at least 6,700 Rohingya were killed in Rakhine state in the month after violence flared up on Aug. 25, MSF said last week. The U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein has called the violence  a textbook example of ethnic cleansing  and said he would not be surprised if a court eventually ruled that genocide had taken place. Yildirim inaugurated a medical camp at Balukhali, sponsored by Turkey, and handed over two ambulances to Cox s Bazar district administration. He also distributed food to Rohingya refugees at Kutupalong makeshift camp. He urged the international community to enhance support for Rohingyas in Bangladesh and help find a political solution to this humanitarian crisis. U.N. investigators have heard Rohingya testimony of a  consistent, methodical pattern of killings, torture, rape and arson . The United Nations defines genocide as acts meant to destroy a national, ethnic, racial or religious group in whole or in part. Such a designation is rare under international law, but has been used in contexts including Bosnia, Sudan and an Islamic State campaign against the Yazidi communities in Iraq and Syria. Nobel peace laureate Aung San Suu Kyi s less than two-year old civilian government has faced heavy international criticism for its response to the crisis, though it has no control over the generals it has to share power with under Myanmar s transition after decades of military rule. Yildirim s trip follows Turkish first lady Emine Erdogan s visit in September to the Rohingya camp, when she said the crack down in Myanmar s Rakhine state was  tantamount to genocide  and a solution to the Rohingya crisis lies in Myanmar alone. ",1
11775,Trump threatens to cut aid to U.N. members over Jerusalem vote,"WASHINGTON/UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday threatened to cut off financial aid to countries that vote in favor of a draft United Nations resolution calling for the United States to withdraw its decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital.  They take hundreds of millions of dollars and even billions of dollars, and then they vote against us. Well, we re watching those votes. Let them vote against us. We ll save a lot. We don t care,  Trump told reporters at the White House. The 193-member U.N. General Assembly will hold a rare emergency special session on Thursday - at the request of Arab and Muslim countries - to vote on a draft resolution, which the United States vetoed on Monday in the 15-member U.N. Security Council. The remaining 14 Security Council members voted in favor of the Egyptian-drafted resolution, which did not specifically mention the United States or Trump but which expressed  deep regret at recent decisions concerning the status of Jerusalem.  U.S. Ambassador Nikki Haley, in a letter to dozens of U.N. states on Tuesday seen by Reuters, warned that Trump had asked her to  report back on those countries who voted against us.  She bluntly echoed that call in a Twitter post:  The U.S. will be taking names.   Several senior diplomats said Haley s warning was unlikely to change many votes in the General Assembly, where such direct, public threats are rare. Some diplomats brushed off the warning as more likely aimed at impressing U.S. voters.  According to figures from the U.S. government s aid agency USAID, in 2016 the United States provided some $13 billion in economic and military assistance to countries in sub-Saharan Africa and $1.6 billion to states in East Asia and Oceania. It provided some $13 billion to countries in the Middle East and North Africa, $6.7 billion to countries in South and Central Asia, $1.5 billion to states in Europe and Eurasia and $2.2 billion to Western Hemisphere countries, according to USAID.  Miroslav Lajcak, president of the General Assembly, declined to comment on Trump s remarks, but added:  It s the right and responsibility of member states to express their views.  A spokesman for U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres also declined to comment on Trump s remarks on Wednesday.    I like the message that Nikki sent yesterday at the United Nations, for all those nations that take our money and then they vote against us at the Security Council, or they vote against us potentially at the assembly,  Trump said. Trump abruptly reversed decades of U.S. policy this month when he recognized Jerusalem as Israel s capital, generating outrage from Palestinians and the Arab world and concern among Washington s Western allies. He also plans to move the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv. The draft U.N. resolution calls on all countries to refrain from establishing diplomatic missions in Jerusalem.  A senior diplomat from a Muslim country, speaking on condition of anonymity, said of Haley s letter:  States resort to such blatant bullying only when they know they do not have a moral or legal argument to convince others.   Responding directly to that comment on Twitter, Haley said:  Actually it is when a country is tired of being taken for granted.  A senior Western diplomat, speaking on condition of anonymity, described Haley s letter as  poor tactics  at the United Nations  but pretty good for Haley 2020 or Haley 2024,  referring to speculation that Haley might run for higher office.   She s not going to win any votes in the General Assembly or the Security Council, but she is going to win some votes in the U.S. population,  the Western diplomat said.  A senior European diplomat, speaking on condition of anonymity, agreed Haley was unlikely to sway many U.N. states.   We are missing some leadership here from the U.S. and this type of letter is definitely not helping to establish U.S. leadership in the Middle East peace process,  the diplomat said. Israel considers Jerusalem its eternal and indivisible capital and wants all embassies based there. Palestinians want the capital of an independent Palestinian state to be in the city s eastern sector, which Israel captured in a 1967 war and annexed in a move never recognized internationally.  The first name that she should write down is Bolivia,  Bolivia s U.N. Ambassador Sacha Sergio Llorentty Sol z said of Haley s message.  We regret the arrogance and disrespect to the sovereign decision of member states and to multilateralism.  ",1
11776,Arab coalition says will keep Yemen port open; air raids kill at least nine,"ADEN (Reuters) - The Saudi-led coalition fighting in Yemen said on Wednesday it would keep the Houthi-controlled Hodeidah port, vital for aid, open for a month despite a fresh missile attack against Riyadh, but it kept up air raids that killed at least nine people. The Western-backed coalition, which controls Yemen s airspace and port access, said last month it would allow humanitarian relief through Hodeidah following a nearly three-week blockade imposed because of a missile attack toward the Saudi capital s international airport. The Saudis say the Red Sea port, which is Yemen s main entry point for food and humanitarian supplies, is also a hub used by the Houthis to bring in weapons, which it accuses Iran of supplying. Tehran denies the charges. On Wednesday, the coalition confirmed it would keep access open to the port despite another missile attack at Riyadh on Tuesday by the Houthis which Saudi forces also intercepted.   Keen to maintain humanitarian aid to the brotherly Yemeni people and as a result of intensified inspection measures, the coalition command announces that Hodeidah port will remain open for humanitarian and relief supplies,  the coalition said in a statement carried by Saudi state news agency SPA on Wednesday. The Saudi ambassador to Sanaa said the coalition would also allow the provision of four cranes to the port to boost aid deliveries to the war-damaged country. The ambassador, Mohammed al-Jaber, who was speaking in a televised news conference, did not give details on how the cranes would be delivered.  Earlier this year, the United Nations said the coalition turned back four cranes the United States donated to the World Food Programme to boost aid operations at Hodeidah.  The cranes would have replaced parts of the port s infrastructure destroyed by coalition air strikes in August 2015, damage that forced ships to line up offshore because they could not be unloaded. The coalition said ships bringing in fuel and food would also be allowed to enter for another 30 days while proposals made by the United Nations envoy to Yemen were implemented, it added. The agency did not elaborate on the proposals. But the coalition has been demanding that a U.N. inspection regime agreed in 2015 be further tightened to prevent weapons from reaching the Houthis. SALMAN-TRUMP CALL Saudi state news agency SPA said King Salman discussed in a telephone call with U.S. President Donald Trump ways  to hold the Iranian regime accountable for its hostile acts and its involvement in supplying the Houthi militia with missiles to threaten the security of the kingdom and the region . The White House later confirmed the call and said the two leaders  agreed on the importance of reinvigorating a political process to end the war in Yemen  and that the king briefed Trump on a Saudi plan  to alleviate the humanitarian crisis  caused by the conflict. Tuesday s missile attack took place as the Houthis marked 1,000 days since the coalition intervened in the Yemen war in March 2015 to try to restore President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi after a Houthi advance on his base in Aden forced him to flee. Saudi Arabia said that since the war began the Houthis had fired 83 ballistic missiles toward the kingdom. More than 10,000 people have been killed and a humanitarian crisis unleashed in a conflict which has intensified since former President Ali Abdullah Saleh was killed on Dec. 4. Coalition forces, which are supported by the United States and Britain, meanwhile launched fresh air strikes overnight.  Residents said at least nine members of the same family, including at least five children, were killed in one air strike which hit their home in Wadi Khair in southern Yemen s Shabwa province. Coalition aircraft have been providing air support for southern fighters and pro-government troops as part of a push to clear the Houthis from Shabwa and the family were killed in an apparently mistaken attack. Residents also reported that coalition aircraft bombed a new parliament chamber, part of a government compound being built in Sanaa, causing damage but no casualties. The coalition had no immediate comment on the report but says it does not target civilians. Similar air strikes in which civilian homes, markets and hospitals were hit are recurrent in Yemen. On Monday, eight women and two children from the same family died when war planes struck a vehicle returning from a wedding party in Marib, east of Sanaa. ",1
11777,UK's May to visit China around Jan. 31: Sky News,"(Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May will visit China around the end of January to promote her vision of a  global Britain  whose economy is strongly placed to succeed after Brexit, Sky News reported on Wednesday. May s office has pencilled in a trip on or around Jan. 31. She will be accompanied by a delegation of business leaders drawn from across the UK economy, Sky reported, citing insiders.  China is one of the countries with which Britain hopes to sign a free trade pact once it leaves the EU. Plans for the trip have not been finalised and remain subject to change, Sky added. ",1
11778,"South Africa's ANC calls for nationalizing central bank, land expropriation","JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s ruling African National Congress has adopted a resolution calling for the nationalization of the central bank and land expropriation without compensation, a senior party official said on Wednesday. Any mention of nationalization in South Africa is enough to spook investors, since left-wing elements of the ANC have also called for mines and banks to be state-owned. Similarly, land is an emotive issue two decades after the end of apartheid, and the ANC has been under pressure to redress racial disparities in land ownership. Unlike most central banks in the world, the South African Reserve Bank has been privately owned since it was established in 1921. But its shareholders have no control over monetary policy, financial stability policy or banking regulation. Following a meeting of party delegates, the head of the ANC s economic transformation committee, Enoch Godongwana, told reporters changing the ownership of the South African Reserve Bank would not affect its independence. He said the party had also agreed to initiate amendments to the constitution to achieve land expropriation without compensation, but gave no timeline. He said there would be no illegal occupation of land. Following the proposal made in July by the ANC at a policy conference to nationalize the bank s shareholding, South Africa s Reserve Bank said that changing its shareholding would not affect its mandate, because that mandate is derived from the constitution. Godongwana said no timeline had been laid down for the plan to acquire the central bank s shares or for any directives to parliament to change the country s laws to effect the change.  No change in the constitution, no change in the Reserve Bank Act,  he said.  We ve also said it s not likely to have an impact at all because shareholders in the Reserve Bank do not affect monetary policy in any way.   Godongwana said the changes would come after  more work  was done to prepare for the bank s nationalization. In July, when the party said it would like the central bank to be wholly state-owned, investors were initially worried and knocked the rand.  The currency was little changed on Wednesday immediately after the announcement by Godongwana, but analysts said markets would react negatively.  The SARB resolution will spook the markets even if it is ultimately unlikely to be implemented,  said Anne Fruhauf political analyst with consultancy Teneo. On the land issue, Godongwana said some of the delegates became  rowdy  during the heated debate that  nearly collapsed the conference . ANC officials rejected reports that delegates had come to blows during the debate. Godongwana said the delegates eventually agreed to initiate some amendments to the constitution in order to achieve expropriation of land without compensation.  The condition is that it must be sustainable and not impact on food  production and food security,  he said, adding that there should be no illegal occupation of land. Asked how the markets would react, Godongwana said:  My suspicion is they are going to say  wow  and react badly ... my sense is, if I was the markets, I would simply hold off.  Most of South Africa s land remains in white hands 23 years after the end of white minority rule. Experts say the plan to expropriate land in South Africa will not signal the kind of often violent land grabs that took place in neighboring Zimbabwe, where white-owned farms were seized by the government for redistribution to landless blacks. However, some economists and farming groups have said the reform could hit investment and production. Around 8 million hectares (20 million acres) of land have been transferred to black owners since apartheid ended, equal to 8 to 10 percent of the land in white hands in 1994, the government says. The total is only a third of a 30 percent  target by 2014 set by the ANC. ",1
11779,Congo and Uganda to launch joint operation against rebel ADF,"GOMA, Democratic Republic of Congo (Reuters) - Congo and Uganda are planning a joint military operation against a Congo-based Ugandan rebel group blamed for an attack that killed 15 United Nations peacekeepers, army officials from the two countries said on Wednesday. Fighters from the Allied Democratic Forces are suspected of being behind the Dec. 8 assault on a base manned by Tanzanian U.N. troops in the Democratic Republic of Congo s troubled eastern borderlands.  The attack, which also killed five Congolese soldiers and wounded another 53 peacekeepers, and came amid a rising wave of violence in the mineral-rich area.  The commanders of the ADF are Ugandan citizens. A mechanism will be outlined so the two armies can share intelligence and carry out a coordinated operation,  said General Marcel Mbangu Mashita, a senior Congolese army commander in the east. Representatives from the two armies met in the Congolese border town of Kasindi last week. Under the plan, Ugandan troops will not cross over into Congolese territory but instead be concentrated along the border.  (The Ugandan army) is reinforcing security on the common border with Congo in order to dissuade any attempt by the ADF to cross over and attack targets of interest in Uganda,  Ugandan army spokesman Brigadier Richard Karemire said. Congo s U.N. peacekeeping mission, MONUSCO, has pledged to track down those responsible for the attack on its base. But it was not involved in the bilateral talks between the Congolese and Ugandan officials. Rival militia groups control parts of eastern Congo, long after the official end of a 1998-2003 war in which millions of people died, mostly from hunger and disease.  Congo and Uganda were enemies during that conflict and, in the years since, relations between the two countries have at times been strained. Increased militia violence this year in the center and east comes as Congo faces a political crisis linked to President Joseph Kabila s refusal to step down when his mandate expired last December. The ADF is an Islamist group that has long been active along the border and has been blamed for a wave of massacres there over the past two years. Since its leader Jamil Mukulu was arrested in 2015, it has been headed by Musa Baluku.  General Mashita said previous Congolese operations had succeeded in eliminating around a third of the ADF s top commanders, but added that its ranks had been bolstered by escaped prisoners after a major prison break in June. ",1
11780,Ugandan parliament passes law allowing Museveni to seek re-election,"KAMPALA (Reuters) - Ugandan legislators voted late on Wednesday to amend the country s constitution to allow 73-year-old leader Yoweri Museveni to extend his rule, potentially guaranteeing him a life-time presidency.  A provision in the current constitution limits the age of a presidential candidate at 75 years, which would have made Museveni ineligible to stand at the next polls in 2021. At the end of Wednesday s day-long House debate, which capped a protracted and violence-marred process to remove that age limit, MPs voted 315-62 in favor of the amendment.   The bill passes,  said speaker Rebecca Kadaga after announcing tally results, prompting raucous celebrations from the mostly ruling party MPs who favored the bill.  Earlier in the day, two lawmakers were dragged away and detained when they tried to enter parliament, as the divisive debate proceeded in the chamber. Police had blocked some legislators from entering the building, and live television footage showed two of them being driven away in security vehicles. Both opposed the bill. The legislators blocked by police were attempting to enter parliament to serve court documents on House speaker Rebecca Kadaga, who was presiding over the debate. The document called on her to appear in court at 2:00 PM in respect of  the irregular suspension of our members of parliament,  independent lawmaker Wilfred Niwagaba told a local television station minutes before he was detained.  Six MPs - all opposed to removal of the age cap - were suspended from parliamentary proceedings on Monday for alleged disorderly conduct and refusing to heed the speaker s instructions. The bill to amend the constitution was introduced in parliament on October 4 by a Museveni loyalist, after two consecutive days of brawling in the debating chamber between those opposed and those in favor, supported by security personnel.  On the second day, security personnel who some MPs said were soldiers from an elite military unit entered the chamber and violently ejected at least 25 MPs that the speaker had suspended from proceedings for alleged misconduct.  Wednesday s vote was the second time Ugandan parliament has changed the constitution to allow Museveni extend his rule. In 2005, they voted to remove a limit of two five-year terms, which blocked him from standing again. The bill also extended the length of a term for MPs to seven years from the current five. The limit of two terms was also re-imposed for the president, although that only means Museveni would be limited to two more terms, starting with the 2021 election.  Are you not seeing what happened in Zimbabwe, do we want his excellency to end like Gaddafi of Libya,  opposition legislator, Gilbert Olanya, who opposed to the amendment, said in Wednesday s debate as he attempted to persuade colleagues to reject it. Several African leaders have amended laws designed to limit their tenure. Such moves have fueled violence in countries including Burundi, Democratic Republic of Congo and South Sudan. Initially hailed for restoring political order and fostering economic growth, Museveni has lately come under mounting pressure fueled by runaway corruption, and accusations he uses security forces to maintain his grip on power.  A combination of both military and police personnel were heavily deployed around parliament this week, which opposition MPs say was meant to intimidate members.  ",1
11781,Canada's Trudeau broke ethics rules with visit to Aga Khan island,"OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau broke some conflict of interest rules when he accepted a vacation last year on the Aga Khan s private island, the ethics watchdog said on Wednesday, the first time a prime minister has been found to have committed such a transgression. While the finding could tarnish Trudeau s popularity half-way into his mandate, he does not face any penalties. Conflict of Interest and Ethics Commissioner Mary Dawson said Trudeau contravened a rule on gifts when he accepted the use of the island in March and December 2016, while there were ongoing official dealings with the Aga Khan and the Aga Khan Foundation Canada was registered to lobby Trudeau s office.  The vacations accepted by Mr. Trudeau or his family could reasonably be seen to have been given to influence Mr. Trudeau in his capacity as Prime Minister,  Dawson said. While Trudeau says the Aga Khan is a family friend, Dawson found the exception for gifts from friends did not apply. Trudeau said he accepted her report and would clear future vacations with the watchdog.  I take full responsibility for it. We need to make sure that the office of the prime minister is without reproach,  Trudeau said.  Trudeau and his family vacationed on the island during the holidays in late December 2016 into January this year. Members of his family visited in March 2016. Trudeau has come under fire from the opposition, who have said the luxury Bahamas vacation was inappropriate and showed the Liberal government is out of touch with average Canadians. The opposition has also accused Finance Minister Bill Morneau of being in a conflict of interest for not putting his assets in a blind trust. He has since said he will do so and has divested his stock in his family business.  Trudeau says he has known the Aga Khan, Prince Shah Karim Al Husseini, since childhood. The Aga Khan, the title held by the leader of the Ismaili branch of Shi ite Islam, was a pallbearer at the funeral of Justin s father, former Prime Minister Pierre Elliott Trudeau. Trudeau also contravened the rules when he and his family traveled in the Aga Khan s private helicopter last December and when his family traveled on a non-commercial aircraft chartered by the Aga Khan in March 2016, Dawson said. However, she found no evidence Trudeau discussed any parliamentary business with the Aga Khan or his representatives, or participated in any related debates or votes. ",1
11782,Ugandan parliament passes law allowing Museveni to seek re-election,"KAMPALA (Reuters) - Ugandan legislators voted overwhelmingly late on Wednesday to remove from the constitution an age cap of 75 for presidential candidates, allowing President Yoweri Museveni, 73, to seek re-election at the next polls in 2021. Critics say the move opens the possibility of a life presidency for Museveni, who has ruled the east African country for 31 years. ",1
11783,Divided Catalans prepare to vote in close-run election,"VIC/CERDANYOLA DEL VALLES, Spain (Reuters) - Catalonia votes on Thursday for a new administration in an election many hope will resolve Spain s worst crisis in decades after the region declared independence leading Madrid to sack local leaders. Polls suggest neither the pro-independence nor the pro-unity camp will win a majority. The likely outcome is a hung parliament and many weeks of wrangling to form a new regional government. In the separatist heartland of rural Catalonia, fireman Josep Sales says he hopes the results will endorse the result of an Oct. 1 illegal referendum on independence from Spain and lead to the creation of a republic.  If we get a majority, something will have to be done. And if the politicians don t do it, the people will unite,  he said, speaking from the town fire station where many of the red fire engines bear the slogan  Hello Democracy .  If we have to bring the country to a standstill, so be it,  said the 45-year-old, who plans to vote for Carles Puigdemont, the sacked Catalan head who is campaigning for election from self-imposed exile in Belgium.  The uncertainty generated by the independence drive has hurt hotel occupancy rates in the region, dented consumer sales and caused more than 3,000 businesses to move their registered headquarters from Catalonia. It has also bitterly divided Catalan society between those who support independence and those who favor unity with Spain.  Everyone is eager for the election and to see how it turns out, because nothing is clear at the moment,  said 34-year-old flamenco teacher Maria Gonzalez, who lives in Cerdanyola del Valles, an industrial suburb of Barcelona.  The feeling on the streets is not comfortable,  says Gonzalez, the daughter of migrants from other parts of Spain who moved to Catalonia decades ago and who plans to vote for pro-unity party Ciudadanos ( Citizens ).  There s a hidden tension.  ",1
11784,Six bodies hung from bridges near Mexico's Los Cabos tourist resort,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The bodies of six men were found hanging from three different bridges near the Mexican tourist resort of Los Cabos on the Baja California peninsula on Wednesday, local authorities said.  The authorities did not give details on what happened to the men, but drug gangs often hang the bodies of their murdered victims in public to intimidate rivals. Drug gang violence is set to make 2017 Mexico s deadliest year in modern history. Two bodies were found on a bridge in Las Veredas, near Los Cabos International Airport, and two on a different bridge on the highway between Cabo San Lucas and San Jose del Cabo, local prosecutors said in a statement.  In a separate statement, the prosecutors said two further bodies were found on a third bridge near the airport. An official from the prosecutor s office, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the bodies of the men had been hung from the bridges. Violent crime has spiked in Baja California, particularly around the once peaceful resort of Los Cabos visited by million of foreign tourists every year. Los Cabos police chief Juan Manuel Mayorga was shot dead last week.  Mexico is on track for its most violent year since records began, with the rise of the Jalisco New Generation Cartel, now one of the country s most powerful, and disputes between other criminal groups fueling murder rates. On Tuesday, authorities in the northern state of Chihuahua said 12 people were killed in clashes between armed groups. The governor of the state of Baja California Sur, Carlos Mendoza Davis, said that authorities were investigating the incidents near Los Cabos.  I condemn these acts and any expression of violence. Today more than ever in #BCS we should be united,  he said via Twitter, using the hashtag for the state s initials. Homicides have more than doubled in Baja California Sur this year, with 409 people killed through October, from 192 in all of 2016. In June authorities said they had found a mass grave with the bodies of 11 men and three women near Los Cabos. More than 4.4 million passengers, mostly international, have passed through Los Cabos Airport so far this year, according to operator Grupo Aeroportuario del Pacifico. ",1
11785,Burst tire may have caused deadly tourist bus crash in Mexico -police,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The driver of a tour bus that crashed on Tuesday on a quiet road in Mexico s Yucatan Peninsula, killing 12 people, may have lost control after one of the front tires exploded, the local police chief said. The bus was carrying 31 passengers, including citizens of the United States, Brazil, Canada and Sweden, on a trip to Mayan ruins when it crashed and flipped over, authorities said. Most of those aboard were travelers on Royal Caribbean cruise ships.  It seems a front tire of the bus exploded, making it lose control and leave the asphalt,  Carlos Briceno Villagomez, head of the police in the municipality of Bacalar, told Mexican TV network Televisa on Tuesday night. The government of Quintana Roo state said it was investigating the cause of the accident, which happened on a flat stretch of road and did not appear to involve another vehicle. The driver was injured and has been arrested. A Mexican tour guide was among those killed.  A local civil protection official said authorities were also investigating whether human error contributed to the accident.   The U.S. State Department confirmed on Wednesday that multiple American citizens had died in the crash. Mexican authorities said eight U.S. citizens died.   We can confirm the deaths of multiple U.S. citizens in #Mexico bus accident, and several injuries. We express our heartfelt condolences to those affected by this tragedy,  State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said in a post on Twitter. One Canadian died in the crash and three others were injured, a spokesman for Canada s Global Affairs department said. Two Swedish citizens died and two others were injured, Mexican authorities said. A child was among the dead. Quintana Roo is one of three states on Mexico s Yucatan Peninsula, a major tourist destination. ",1
11786,"Exclusive: Cameroonian troops entered Nigeria without seeking authorization, sources in Nigeria say","ABUJA/DAKAR (Reuters) - Cameroonian troops this month crossed into Nigeria in pursuit of rebels without seeking authorization from Nigeria, causing a falling-out between the governments behind the scenes, sources familiar with the matter told Reuters. At least one incursion was confirmed by a Nigerian government official, two Nigerian military officers and two foreign diplomats, all of whom spoke on condition of anonymity. Nigerian security forces were deployed to the border to stop any further crossings, said a military source. The Cameroonian and Nigerian governments said in separate statements there were no incursions. Relations between the two countries are good, Cameroon said. Cameroonian military officials and pro-government media accuse Nigeria of sheltering Anglophone insurgents. For the past year they have been based in the dense equatorial forests that straddle the border between the two countries, fighting for an independent state they call Ambazonia. At least 7,000 people have fled as refugees from Anglophone Cameroon to Nigeria following a crackdown ordered this year by President Paul Biya to quell the insurgency, which represents the gravest challenge yet to his 35-year rule. French is the official language for most of Cameroon but two regions speak English and these border Nigeria, which is also Anglophone.  Cameroonian troops were in Nigeria,  said a foreign diplomat.  Zero warning, zero authorization.  The troops crossed into Nigeria at least twice this month, the diplomat and a Nigerian military official told Reuters. The incidents have caused anger on both sides and could sour diplomatic relations further as Cameroon increases pressure on its Anglophone regions, according to the diplomat and a Nigerian government official.  Tensions are high and could escalate,  the government official said. Cameroon government spokesman Issa Tchiroma Bakary denied that troops had crossed the border illegally.  Relations between the two countries are cohesive when it comes to fighting against terrorism. Cameroon and Nigeria are on the same wavelength.   Nigeria s foreign minister, speaking to Reuters after a cabinet meeting in Abuja, also denied the incursions.  The (Nigerian) government had investigated and discovered that it s not true,  said Geoffrey Onyeama, Nigeria s foreign minister. But the Nigerian government official and a diplomat said Cameroon had threatened to suspend senior Nigerian embassy officials in Yaounde after they lodged complaints. Tchiroma and Onyeama denied this. Governments in Africa often play down diplomatic disputes and present a show of harmony even during bitter rows. On Monday, rebels killed four gendarmes, Cameroon s government said, the latest raid on police and military positions in the country s southwest region. Nigeria has for decades been West Africa s powerhouse but  the militaries of the two countries have cooperated extensively to confront a threat posed by Islamist militant group Boko Haram. The group has staged attacks in Nigeria for years but more recently it has also conducted deadly assaults in Cameroon. Cameroon has repeatedly pressed Nigeria to allow it the right of hot pursuit for Boko Haram militants and the issue has left the countries at loggerheads. After Cameroon s military crossed the border this month in pursuit of separatist insurgents, Nigeria sent security forces to deter any future attempts, said one of the military sources.  We were not for war but keeping the peace and protecting our territorial integrity. They were asked to leave and they did and everything has been brought under control,  the source said.  Many refugees have crossed into Nigeria and many more are still crossing and the Cameroon authorities appear to be concerned that the situation may escalate if they keep coming into Nigeria.  Two Cameroonian military officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, told Reuters separatists had set up bases and launched attacks from Nigeria. One attack was on Dec. 14 and involved two groups of at least 100 separatists, one of the officials said.  How do you explain that these guys come to attack us and then leave without being troubled across the border? When we drive them back, these separatists withdraw toward Nigeria,  the official said. Julius Ayuk Tabe, the Nigeria-based chairman of the Ambazonian Governing Council, the political wing of the armed resistance, said he was not aware of any separatist military bases in Nigeria. Cameroon s linguistic divide harks back to the end of World War One, when the German colony of Kamerun was carved up between allied French and British victors. The English-speaking regions joined the French-speaking Republic of Cameroon the year after its independence in 1960. French speakers have dominated the country s politics since. ",1
11787,Saudi-led coalition to allow cranes into Yemen's Hodeidah port,"DUBAI (Reuters) - The Saudi-led coalition will allow four cranes into the Houthi-controlled port of Hodeidah to boost humanitarian aid deliveries into wartorn Yemen, the Saudi ambassador to Sanaa said on Wednesday. Saudi-led forces blocked the port for more than three weeks last month in response to Houthi missile attacks, adding to food shortages in Yemen. A coalition spokesman said on Wednesday the Houthis had fired 83 ballistic missiles towards the kingdom since the war started in 2015.  ",1
11788,German police arrest alleged Islamic State militant in ice rink truck attack plot,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German police arrested a 29-year-old man they said was an active member of Islamic State who was plotting a truck attack on an ice rink.  The arrest, a year after Anis Amri, a failed Tunisian asylum seeker with Islamist links, hijacked a truck and drove it into a Christmas market in Berlin, killing 12 people, comes as security services have warned of growing numbers of radical Islamists in Germany.  He was considering an attack on the ice rink on the Schlossplatz in Karlsruhe,  police in the south-western state of Baden-Wuerttemberg said, adding that the suspect was a German citizen whose name they gave only as Dasbar W.  To that end he was assessing areas around Karlsruhe Castle and, from September 2017, had begun seeking employment as a delivery driver - without success,  the police statement said. In 2015, the suspect traveled to Iraq to fight for Islamic State, receiving weapons training and working as a scout seeking potential attack targets in the city of Erbil, police said. He returned to Germany the following year. Before leaving for Iraq, Dasbar worked for Islamic State from Germany, producing propaganda videos and proselytizing to converts in online chat rooms, police said. Earlier this month, Germany s security service warned that the number of Salafists - followers of a radical Islamist ideology - had risen to an all-time high of 10,800, though the number prepared to mount attacks was in the order of hundreds. ",1
11789,Denmark no longer to automatically accept U.N. refugee resettlement quota,"COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Denmark will no longer automatically accept a quota of refugees under a U.N. resettlement program after passing a law on Wednesday that enables the government to determine how many can enter each year. Since 1989, Denmark has agreed to take 500 refugees a year selected by the United Nations under a program to ease the burden on countries that neighbor war zones.  But after the European migration crisis in 2015 brought almost 20,000 claims for asylum, Denmark has refused to take any U.N. quota refugees. Under the new law, the immigration minister will decide how many refugees will be allowed under the U.N. program, with 500 now the maximum except in an  exceptional situation .    It s hard to predict how many refugees and migrants will show up at the border to seek asylum, and we know it may be hard to integrate those who arrive here,  Immigration and Integration Minister Inger Stojberg said last month when her ministry proposed the law. The opposition Social-Liberal Party said opting out of the U.N. program would increase pressure on countries already accommodating large numbers of refugees, and the move could encourage other countries to follow suit. Last year, more than 6,000 people claimed asylum in Denmark. Between January and November this year just over 3,000 people did.   (Corrects throughout to show new law only applies to U.N. resettlement quota, not other refugee applications.) ",1
11790,Philippine police chief defends deadly drug war of the 'Davao Boys',"MANILA (Reuters) - The police chief of the Philippines on Wednesday stood by the head of a secretive unit behind dozens of killings in the country s war on drugs, saying officers fired only in self-defence and the death toll reflected the danger and the scale of the narcotics problem. National police chief Ronald dela Rosa was responding to a Reuters Special Report that spent four months examining killings by one group of policemen from or near Davao City, the hometown of Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte. Dela Rosa said police district 6 in Quezon City had Metro Manila s most serious drug problem and he personally sent squad commander Lito Patay there because he was a  very professional  and  very dedicated  officer capable of dealing with it. Patay handpicked and headed a unit of 10 men who called themselves the  Davao Boys , which racked up the highest number of kills in Quezon City, a violent frontline in Duterte s ferocious anti-narcotics campaign.  Police station 6 officers killed 108 people in anti-drug operations from July 2016 through June 2017, the campaign s first year, accounting for 39 percent of Quezon City s body count, according to official crime reports analyzed by Reuters. A majority of the killings were carried out by the squad run by Patay, who was reassigned to Quezon City just a few weeks after Duterte unleashed his crackdown.  He (Patay) was chosen because I have big trust in him, he has the balls to face the problems. He will fight,  dela Rosa told reporters.  He is not an officer who is after money, who will be assigned in an area only to collect money, he is not that kind of officer. He has focus. I assigned him there because I know he can deliver.  Asked about the high rate of killings in areas under Patay, he said deaths were inevitable where the drugs trade was rampant.  So what s the problem? The worst drug problem is there in station 6, so if you hit the problem head on, you face the problem head on then, there would always result in casualties,  he said.     Nearly 4,000 mostly urban poor Filipinos have been killed in anti-drug operations since July 2016. Police reject activists  allegations they have executed drug users and peddlers and say they kill only when their lives are in danger. Dela Rosa said Patay has since been reassigned to another province to make him eligible for promotion, reflecting his success in convincing drug suspects in Quezon City to surrender to the authorities.  He said Patay had been  given a free hand  at station 6 and had command responsibility over his operations.   It is his own call whatever he does there, he has to solve the drug problem,  dela Rosa said. The story of the Davao Boys also highlights a larger dynamic: Many of the drug war s key police officers - dela Rosa included - hail from or served in Duterte s hometown, where the campaign s brutal methods originated during his time as mayor. Duterte has repeatedly denied he ordered the killings of criminals and drug dealers during his 22 years as Davao mayor, or his 17 months as president. Dela Rosa appeared frustrated when asked by a reporter if he personally had ordered the deaths of drug suspects in Quezon City. He said Patay s men had no alternative but to kill armed criminals who refused to go quietly.  He was placed there to address the drug problem, and not to kill those who deserved to be killed,  he said of Patay.  If they resist, why would you risk your life? You have to fight back.       ",1
11791,U.N. freedom of speech expert concerned about net neutrality,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The U.N. s freedom of speech expert said on Wednesday he was concerned about the ramifications of a decision in the United States to roll back net neutrality, since it could lead to small and independent voices being drowned out on the web. Last week the U.S. Federal Communications Commission voted to repeal rules intended to ensure a free and open internet, setting up a court fight over a move that could recast the digital landscape. David Kaye, an American law professor and the U.N. Human Rights Council s independent expert on freedom of expression, said net neutrality, the idea that all internet traffic should be treated the same regardless of content, was essential.  Net neutrality is a really, really important principle from the perspective of ensuring broad access to information by all individuals,  Kaye told reporters in Geneva on the sidelines of the Internet Governance Forum.  I don t want to say that tomorrow there will be a huge amount of censorship, but over the long term, combine this with the concentration of media in the United States and in most places around the world, I think we should be worried about the ability of smaller voices that often (find it) harder to get traction in the market.       He said it would take years to know exactly what impact the U.S. move would have.  My concern in the U.S. space is that over time the companies will make decisions based more on their business model than on the content of information and the breadth of information that people should have access to,  he said.   That s a long-term problem and that s why I m very, very concerned about the rollback of net neutrality.  As companies blur the lines between providing the infrastructure and the content that makes up the internet, there is increasing risk of political pressure creeping in, Kaye said.   We used to think of telcos being very separate from content providers. But there s a lot of convergence now. So one of the risks is as content and infrastructure are merged more, the pressures on both, which might be of a political nature ... might restrict certain kinds of coverage.  ",1
11792,Opposition groups quit Iraqi Kurdish government over protests,"BAGHDAD/ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Opposition groups quit the government of Iraq s Kurdish region on Wednesday in protest at violent unrest in which at least three people were killed, with one group saying authorities had shown a flagrant disregard for life. In another test for the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) in northern Iraq, the United States meanwhile called on authorities in the semi-autonomous region to respect press freedoms after it shut down a local broadcaster. The United Nations called for restraint on all sides. Tension has been high in the region since the central government in Baghdad imposed tough measures in response to an independence referendum on Sept. 25 called by the KRG in which Kurds voted overwhelmingly to secede. The move, in defiance of Baghdad, also alarmed neighbouring Turkey and Iran who have their own Kurdish minorities. Strains spilled onto the streets on Monday and Tuesday when Kurds joined protests against years of austerity and unpaid public sector salaries, with some burning down offices belonging to political parties. At least three people were killed and more than 80 wounded on Tuesday in clashes with Kurdish security forces in Sulaimaniya, local officials said. Some were injured when the crowd was shot at with rubber bullets and sprayed with tear gas. On Wednesday leading opposition movement Gorran withdrew its ministers from the KRG and Kurdistan Parliament Speaker Yousif Mohamed, a party member, resigned in response to the violence. Some have demanded the regional government s ousting.  We urge the international community to confront the flagrant disregard for life, liberty and democracy shown by the authorities in #Kurdistan Region,  Gorran said in a tweet. The Kurdistan Islamic Group (Komal), another opposition party with a smaller presence in parliament, also withdrew from the government. The U.S. embassy in Baghdad said on Wednesday it was worried about the closure of a local Kurdish broadcaster at the hands of Iraqi Kurdish security forces a day earlier.  We are concerned by recent actions to curb the operations of some media outlets through force or intimidation, specifically yesterday s raid by Kurdistan Regional Government security forces of the NRT offices in Sulaimaniya,  an embassy statement said. The United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq (UNAMI) also  said Kurdish authorities should respect media freedoms and that it was  deeply concerned  about violence and clashes during the protests. It called for restraint on all sides.  The people have the right to partake in peaceful demonstrations, and the authorities have the responsibility of protecting their citizens, including peaceful protesters,  UNAMI said in a statement. Kurdish Asayish security forces on Tuesday raided the offices of Kurdish private broadcaster NRT in Sulaimaniya province, and took the channel off the air. NRT s founder and opposition figure Shaswar Abdulwahid was also arrested at the Sulaimaniya airport on Tuesday. His family have asked for his release, amid local media reports that another NRT journalist was arrested in Sulaimaniya on Wednesday. In a statement on Tuesday, Kurdish Prime Minister Nechirvan Barzani, who is on an official visit to Germany, told protesters that although he understood their frustrations, the burning of political party offices is  not helpful .  There were no major protests in the city on Wednesday. Security forces from the region s capital Erbil have been deployed to help quell the unrest in Sulaimaniya, security sources told Reuters.  After Tuesday s unrest, curfews were imposed in several towns across the wider Sulaimaniya province, some have lasted through Wednesday. Local media reported smaller protests in towns across the province, including Ranya and Kifri.  ",1
11793,Austria's Kurz says will fight anti-Semitism after Israel voices concern,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austrian Chancellor Sebastian Kurz said on Wednesday his new coalition would focus on fighting anti-Semitism, after Israel made it clear it would not work directly with any ministers from the far-right party now back in government. Kurz, a 31-year-old conservative, was sworn in with the rest of his government on Monday after reaching a coalition deal that handed control of much of Austria s security apparatus to the anti-Islam Freedom Party (FPO). The FPO came third in October s parliamentary election with 26 percent of the vote. Israel reacted to the inauguration by saying it would do business only with the  operational echelons  of government departments headed by an FPO minister. The FPO now controls the foreign, interior and defence ministries, though Foreign Minister Karin Kneissl is not officially a member of the party.  Anti-Semitism has no place in Austria or Europe. We will fight all forms of anti-Semitism with full determination, both those that still exist and those that have been newly imported,  said in a speech outlining the government s goals to parliament.  That will be one of our government s significant tasks.  The FPO, which was founded by former Nazis in the 1950s, says it has left its anti-Semitic past behind it, though it has still had to expel members each year for anti-Semitic or neo-Nazi comments.  It now openly courts Jewish voters, with limited success. Its leader, Heinz-Christian Strache, has also visited the Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial in Jerusalem.  Israel wishes to underline its total commitment to fighting anti-Semitism and commemorating the Holocaust,  the Israeli Foreign Ministry said in a short statement on Monday in response to the Austrian government s swearing in. The European Jewish Congress has called on the new government to take concrete steps against anti-Semitism while taking a generally more inclusive approach.   The Freedom Party cannot use the Jewish community as a fig leaf and must show tolerance and acceptance towards all communities and minorities,  it said on Monday. Austria, where Adolf Hitler was born, was annexed by Nazi Germany in March 1938. Next year will mark the 80th anniversary of that takeover as well as the 100th anniversary of the end of World War One, which led to the break-up of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. Kurz said the events of 1938 were  shameful and sad . His People s Party (OVP) and the FPO published a 180-page coalition manifesto over the weekend, which includes plans to cut public spending, taxes and benefits for refugees. The OVP won October s election with a hard line on immigration that often overlapped with the FPO s. The issue dominated the campaign after Austria took in large numbers of asylum seekers during Europe s migration crisis, many of them from Muslim countries. Austria s Jewish community of just over 10,000 is tiny relative to the more than half a million Muslims who live in the nation of almost 9 million, many of whom are Turkish or of Turkish origin. Both Kurz and Strache have warned of Muslim  parallel societies  they say are emerging in Austria, despite there being few obvious signs of sectarian tension. Kurz flew to Brussels on Tuesday to dispel concerns that his alliance with the far right will undermine the European Union.  In their speeches to parliament, both he and Strache said they opposed Turkey joining the European Union   a position that polls show a majority of Austrians support.  Turkey is moving in the wrong direction, which means Turkey will certainly have no future in the European Union,  said Kurz, who has criticised Ankara s clampdown on dissent since a failed coup last year. On Tuesday night during his first foreign visit as chancellor, to Brussels, Kurz told broadcaster ORF he would  soon  meet Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.  I hope we will succeed in dispelling the concerns that exist regarding the FPO government members,  Kurz said.  It would be in the interest of both our countries.  ",1
11794,"Strikes kill 19 in rebel village in Syria's Idlib: Observatory, rescue service","BEIRUT (Reuters) - Air strikes killed 19 people in a village in Syria s rebel stronghold of Idlib overnight, a rescue service there and the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said on Wednesday. The strikes pounded Maar Shureen in the northwestern Idlib province and injured 25 other people, the Britain-based Observatory said. The dead included seven children, it said. The war monitoring group added that Syrian government or Russian aircraft had struck the village. Russia s Defence Ministry denied involvement, saying in a statement carried by RIA news agency that its jets had not flown in that area.  There was no immediate comment from the Syrian military, which says it only targets militants.  Idlib s civil defense, a rescue service known as the White Helmets which operates in rebel territory, said on social media that fierce bombing killed 19 people overnight.  There were two consecutive strikes...The second strike came shortly before rescue teams arrived,  Mustafa Youssef, who heads the Idlib civil defense, said.  The Damascus government lost Idlib after insurgents took over the provincial capital in 2015. It has since become the only province fully under opposition control, and the most populated insurgent-held part of Syria.  Hayat Tahrir al Sham, the Islamist alliance spearheaded by the former al-Qaeda affiliate in Syria, is the dominant rebel force in Idlib. This has raised fears among some civilians and other rebel factions that the province could come under attack and turn into a major battlefield. Thousands of civilians and fighters have poured into Idlib in the past year, bussed out of towns and cities which Syrian troops seized with the help of Russia and Iran-backed militias. Government forces and their allies stepped up air strikes against opposition towns in the Hama countryside and the southern part of Idlib, rebels said last week.   The province, bordering Turkey, is part of Russian-brokered de-escalation agreements that seek to shore up ceasefires in parts of western Syria. Turkey, which had long backed some Syrian rebel factions, set up observation posts in Idlib in October under a deal with Russia and Iran to reduce fighting there.  Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan has said the military operation in Idlib was largely completed. The deployment was also seen partly aimed at containing Kurdish influence nearby in northern Syria. ",1
11795,EU executive moves to punish Poland over court reforms,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The EU executive launched an unprecedented process on Wednesday to suspend Poland s voting rights in the European Union after two years of dispute over judicial reforms that Brussels says undermine Polish courts  independence. The European Commission, the guardian of EU law, will now ask the other EU governments to declare that Poland s changes to the judiciary constitute  a clear risk of a serious breach  of EU values   especially the rule of law. However, it gave Warsaw, where a new prime minister took office only this month, three months to remedy the situation and said it could rescind its decision if it did so. Often referred to as the EU s  nuclear option , the move carries the ultimate threat of sanctions but is in fact unlikely to result in that.  The Commission has today concluded that there is a clear risk of a serious breach of the rule of law in Poland,  the Commission said in a statement.  Judicial reforms in Poland mean that the country s judiciary is now under the political control of the ruling majority. In the absence of judicial independence, serious questions are raised about the effective application of EU law.  The Commission s deputy head, First Vice President Frans Timmermans, who has conducted talks with the Polish government dominated by Law and Justice Party leader Jaroslaw Kaczynski for the past two years, said he was acting  with a heavy heart  but was obliged to take action to protect the Union as a whole.  We are open for dialogue 24/7,  Timmermans said, saying that if Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki, who took office just this month, were to change tack, he would be ready to respond. But Timmermans insisted:  As guardians of the treaty, the Commission is under a strict responsibility to act ... If the application of the rule of law is left completely to the individual member states, then the whole of the EU will suffer.    This decision has no merit. It is in our opinion a purely political decision,  Beata Mazurek, a spokeswoman for Poland s ruling party, was quoted as saying by state news agency PAP. Stung by Britain s vote last year to leave the Union, the EU institutions are battling a rise in euroskeptic nationalism across the continent and particularly in the former Communist east, where Poland s ally Hungary has also prompted previously the Commission to threaten sanctions over the rule of law. Seeking to counter Warsaw s accusations of an anti-Polish bias in Brussels and in his own behavior, Timmermans, who once worked in the Soviet bloc as a Dutch diplomat, praised Poland s historic contribution to overcoming the Cold War divide of Europe but said Warsaw now bore a special responsibility to prevent new rifts opening up over democratic principles.  I want to stand by the Polish people in this time which is very difficult for them, and for us,  he said, adding that the defending a separation of powers was of  existential importance not just for the Polish nation but for the EU as a whole . The next step in the process is that EU governments, meeting in the Council of the European Union, will hear Poland out and ask it to address their concerns.  But if 22 out of the EU s 28 countries and the European Parliament are not satisfied in the end, the process will move on to the next stages, which may mean sanctions. The sanctions can involve the suspension of  the rights deriving from the application of the Treaties to the Member State in question, including the voting rights .  This formulation leaves open the possibility also of suspending EU financial transfers to Poland, now the biggest beneficiary of European funds aimed at boosting living standards in the former communist country. Sanctions can be imposed with the backing of a majority of countries representing a majority of the EU s citizens. But to get to that stage, EU governments have first to unanimously agree that what was initially just a risk of a serious breach of the rule of law has now become a reality. This is unlikely to happen, because Hungary has already declared that it would not support such a motion against Poland. But the mere threat of it underlines the sharp deterioration in ties between Warsaw and Brussels since the nationalist Law and Justice (PiS) party won power in late 2015. The Commission and Council of Europe legal experts, known as the Venice Commission, say Poland s judicial reforms undermine judges  independence because they give the ruling party control over the sacking and the appointments of judges, as well as the option to end the terms of some Supreme Court judges early. The Council of Europe, Europe s human rights watchdog, has compared such measures to those of the Soviet system. The PiS government rejects these accusations, saying the changes are needed because courts are slow, inefficient and steeped in a communist era-mentality. Polish President Andrzej Duda has until Jan. 5 to sign them into law. ",1
11796,Polish president signs judicial overhaul bills into law,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Polish President Andrzej Duda has signed into law two bills overhauling the judiciary, he said on Wednesday, in defiance of European Union criticism that the legislation undermines the rule of law in central Europe s largest economy.  I have taken a decision to sign these bills,  Duda said in a statement broadcast on public television. Earlier on Wednesday, the EU executive launched an unprecedented action against Poland over its reforms of the judicial system. ",1
11797,Romania senate backs bill seen in West as threat to judiciary,"BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Romania s senate approved on Wednesday part of a judicial overhaul criticized by the European Commission, the United States and the country s own president as a threat to judicial independence. The bill passed by the assembly is one of three that have triggered street protests across the country, a European Union state ranked as one of the bloc s most corrupt, and drawn opposition from thousands of magistrates.  The three bills jointly limit magistrates  independence and set up a special unit to probe crimes committed by magistrates. This makes magistrates the only professional category with a prosecuting unit dedicated to investigating them. The proposed changes mean the country is joining its eastern European peers Hungary and Poland, where populist leaders are also trying to control the judiciary, in defying EU concerns over the rule of law. Lawmakers approved another bill on Tuesday, amending the definition of prosecutor s activity to exclude the word  independent . A third bill is widely expected to be approved on Thursday. The Commission launched an unprecedented action on Poland on Wednesday, calling on other member states to prepare to sanction Warsaw if it fails to reverse judicial reforms it says pose a threat to democracy. Romanian President Klaus Iohannis said there were  obvious risks  that the Commission could do the same in Romania s case if the legal changes take hold.  If someone imagines there will not be consequences, then they are from the moon,  Iohannis told reporters.  There will be consequences, the magnitude depends on the laws  final form.      It could be months before the bills are enforced. Opposition parties plan to challenge them in the Constitutional Court. The president could do the same, as well as send them back to parliament for re-examination, something he can do only once. He could also trigger a country-wide referendum on continuing the fight against corruption.  Romania s ruling Social Democrats, which command an overwhelming majority in parliament together with their junior coalition partner, ALDE, have so far ignored the warnings.  They are also working on changes to the criminal code that critics say will derail law and order. The country s prosecutor general, chief anti-corruption prosecutor and the head of the anti-organized crime unit have all criticized the proposed changes which they said will not only end the anti-graft fight but endanger general safety. Hundreds of magistrates protested in silence this week, lining the steps of courthouses across the country. Romania s anti-corruption prosecution unit has sent 72 members of parliament to trial since 2006. The speakers of parliament s lower house and senate are both currently on trial in separate cases. ",1
11798,"After U.S. veto, U.N. General Assembly to meet on Jerusalem status","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The 193-member United Nations General Assembly will hold a rare emergency special session on Thursday at the request of Arab and Muslim states on U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital, sparking a warning from Washington that it will  take names.  Palestinian U.N. envoy Riyad Mansour said the General Assembly would vote on a draft resolution calling for Trump s declaration to be withdrawn, which was vetoed by the United States in the 15-member U.N. Security Council on Monday. The remaining 14 Security Council members voted in favor of the Egyptian-drafted resolution, which did not specifically mention the United States or Trump but which expressed  deep regret at recent decisions concerning the status of Jerusalem.  Mansour said on Monday he hoped there would be  overwhelming support  in the General Assembly for the resolution. Such a vote is non-binding, but carries political weight. U.S. Ambassador Nikki Haley, in a letter to dozens of U.N. states on Tuesday seen by Reuters, warned that the United States would remember those who voted for the resolution criticizing the U.S. decision.  The president will be watching this vote carefully and has requested I report back on those countries who voted against us. We will take note of each and every vote on this issue,  Haley wrote.  She echoed that call in a Twitter post: The U.S. will be taking names.  Under a 1950 resolution, an emergency special session can be called for the General Assembly to consider a matter  with a view to making appropriate recommendations to members for collective measures  if the Security Council fails to act. Only 10 such sessions have been convened, and the last time the General Assembly met in such a session was in 2009 on occupied East Jerusalem and Palestinian territories. Thursday s meeting will be a resumption of that session.  Trump abruptly reversed decades of U.S. policy this month when he recognized Jerusalem as Israel s capital, generating outrage from Palestinians and the Arab world and concern among Washington s Western allies. Trump also plans to move the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv. The draft U.N. resolution calls on all countries to refrain from establishing diplomatic missions in Jerusalem.  Haley said on Monday that the resolution was vetoed in the Security Council in defense of U.S. sovereignty and the U.S. role in the Middle East peace process. She criticized it as an insult to Washington and an embarrassment to council members. Israel considers Jerusalem its eternal and indivisible capital and wants all embassies based there. Palestinians want the capital of an independent Palestinian state to be in the city s eastern sector, which Israel captured in a 1967 war and annexed in a move never recognized internationally. ",1
11799,"Turkey says U.S. isolated on Jerusalem, issuing threats","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey said on Wednesday the United States has isolated itself by recognizing Jerusalem as Israel s capital and accused it of threatening countries that might vote against it on the matter at an emergency U.N. General Assembly session. Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu, whose country has led Muslim opposition to Washington s stance on Jerusalem, was speaking before leaving Istanbul with the Palestinian foreign minister to attend Thursday s gathering in New York.  With his Dec. 6 decision, President Donald Trump reversed decades of U.S. policy, and upset an international consensus enshrined in U.N. resolutions, that treated Jerusalem s status as unresolved. Israel captured East Jerusalem in a 1967 war and Palestinians want it as the capital of a future state they seek.  Trump s move stirred outrage among Palestinians and in the Arab world, and concern among Washington s Western allies. On Monday, the United States vetoed a U.N. Security Council draft resolution calling on it to withdraw its declaration. Thel 14 other council members, including close U.S. allies such as Japan and four European Union countries, backed the draft.  On Thursday there ll be a vote criticizing our choice,  U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Twitter.  The U.S. will be taking names.   Cavusoglu said that was a threat, and called on Washington - a NATO ally of Turkey - to change course.  We expect strong support at the UN vote, but we see that the United States, which was left alone, is now resorting to threats. No honorable, dignified country would bow down to this pressure,  Cavusoglu told a news conference held together with his Palestinian counterpart Riyad al-Maliki.   We want America to turn back from this wrong and unacceptable decision,  Cavusoglu said earlier in the Azeri capital Baku, where he met Iranian and Azeri ministers.  God willing, we will push through the General Assembly a resolution in favor of Palestine and Jerusalem,  he said. The rare emergency session of the 193-member U.N. General Assembly was called at the request of Arab and Muslim states. Palestinian U.N. envoy Riyad Mansour has said the General Assembly would vote on a draft resolution calling for the U.S. declaration to be withdrawn. Such a vote is non-binding, but carries political weight.  Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan has lambasted Trump s move, and hosted a summit of Muslim leaders last week which called for East Jerusalem to be recognized as the capital of Palestine. Israel calls Jerusalem its indivisible and eternal capital.  From now on we will be more active in defending the rights of Palestinians. We will work harder for the international recognition of an independent Palestinian state,  Cavusoglu told reporters in Baku. ",1
11800,"Germany's conservatives, SPD start talks Jan. 7 on another 'grand coalition'","(Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives and the Social Democrats (SPD) have agreed to exploratory talks on forming a new government starting on Jan. 7, both parties said on Wednesday after informal discussions. The decision, 87 days after a national election that returned a fragmented parliament and complicated coalition arithmetic, brightens prospects for a renewal of the  grand coalition  that governed Germany over the past four years. A repeat coalition is Merkel s best chance of securing a fourth term as chancellor after talks on forming a three-way alliance with two smaller parties broke down, leaving Europe s largest economy in an unprecedented state of uncertainty.  It was a good discussion in a trusting atmosphere,  the parties said in a joint statement after leaders met on Wednesday. They agreed to hold four days of talks from Jan. 7, with the aim of deciding by Jan. 12 whether to open formal coalition negotiations. Even in the most optimistic case, Germany will have smashed 2013 s post-World War Two record of needing 86 days to form a new government after an election. The hiatus highlights that Germany, long Europe s bastion of stability, is not immune to the political fragmentation that has swept the continent. The conservatives and Social Democrats have identified 15 policy areas for exploration, including education, the welfare state and employment law, where the SPD is keen to carve out a distinctive left-wing identity for itself after a disastrous election showing blamed in part on Merkel s dominant stature. The SPD s membership, which tends to be more radical than the party leadership, will have to ratify any decision to repeat a coalition with Merkel, who has been in power for 12 years. (This version of the story corrects the date to Jan. 12 in fourth paragraph) ",1
11801,Turkish banker makes second bid for mistrial in U.S. sanctions case,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Lawyers for an executive at Turkey s majority state-owned Halkbank who is accused of helping Iran evade U.S. sanctions on Wednesday asked a U.S. federal judge to declare a mistrial as jurors were expected to begin deliberating. In a motion filed in Manhattan federal court, the lawyers for Mehmet Hakan Atilla said prosecutors had prejudiced the jury by asking their client during cross-examination on Tuesday whether he remembered that a report by a Turkish expert concluded he violated sanctions. Atilla s lawyers immediately objected before Atilla could answer, and U.S. District Judge Richard Berman ordered the question stricken from the record. However, Atilla s lawyers said Wednesday that the damage had been done. They said jurors should not have been allowed to hear about the Turkish report because its author was not in court, depriving Atilla of his right to confront his accuser. They also said the question  grossly mischaracterized  the report s conclusion.  Asking this question in open court had the effect of introducing otherwise inadmissible hearsay and an expert opinion on the ultimate issue for the jury,  they said. Berman ordered prosecutors to respond to the motion by 5 p.m. (2200 GMT) Wednesday. Jurors had been expected to begin deliberating Wednesday morning after a three-week trial that has strained diplomatic relations between the United States and Turkey. At the center of the trial was explosive testimony from Turkish-Iranian gold trader Reza Zarrab, who pleaded guilty to charges of violating sanctions and testified for U.S. prosecutors. Zarrab testified that Atilla helped design fraudulent transactions of gold and food that allowed Iran to spend its oil and gas revenues abroad, including through U.S. financial institutions, defying U.S. sanctions. Zarrab also implicated Turkish officials in the scheme, including President Tayyip Erdogan. Attempts to reach Erdogan s spokesman for comment on the allegations at the trial have been unsuccessful. Erdogan has publicly dismissed the case as a politically motivated attack on his government. Atilla, testifying in his own defense at the trial, denied all the charges against him. Halkbank has denied taking part in any illegal transactions. Atilla s lawyers already asked for a mistrial last week after jurors heard testimony from Huseyin Korkmaz, a former Turkish police officer who said he led an investigation that included Atilla and was forced to flee Turkey to escape retaliation. Berman denied that motion. U.S. prosecutors charged nine people in the criminal case, though only Zarrab, 34, and Atilla, 47, were arrested by U.S. authorities. ",1
11802,Swiss government urges voters to reject call for national ban on face veils,"ZURICH (Reuters) - The Swiss government urged voters on Wednesday to reject a campaign for a nationwide ban on face veils, saying any  decision on facial coverings was a matter for Switzerland s cantons individually. But, in a counter move to a referendum to be held by 2020, the government said it would propose to voters a ban on face veils being worn by individuals while doing business with federal authorities, including in immigration offices or employment agencies.  Regulation of public spaces in Switzerland is traditionally a cantonal matter,  the government said in a statement.  So cantons should continue to decide for themselves whether to enact a ban on facial coverings.  In particular, it said it was down to individual cantons to decide how they handled tourists from the Arab world who wore the veil. In September, activists submitted a petition for a nationwide ban after collecting more than the 100,000 signatures required to put the proposal to a binding referendum. Several cantons have already taken a stand on the issue. Zurich, Solothurn, Schwyz, Basel City and Glarus have rejected a ban on veils, while Italian-speaking Ticino has imposed a ban. At least two demonstrators who wore veils in Ticino in defiance of the ban were fined 250 Swiss francs ($260), according to media reports. The parliament in St. Gallen canton this year backed a ban on facial coverings which were deemed likely to endanger public security or upset the peace. With an eye to the referendum, the federal government said it would also present a proposal to stop individuals being forced to cover their face.  We can not allow husbands and fathers to demand their wives and daughters wear a face veil,  Justice Minister Simonetta Sommaruga told a news conference. ",1
11803,Zimbabwe's Mnangagwa promises zero tolerance in corruption fight,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwean President Emmerson Mnangagwa on Wednesday promised zero tolerance in his government s push to punish corruption that stifled political freedom and economic growth under Robert Mugabe s 37-year rule. Mnangagwa, giving his first state of the nation address since he assumed power last month following a de facto coup that ousted his 93-year-old predecessor, has sought to draw a line under years of endemic corruption and impunity.  Under pressure to deliver results, especially on an economy crippled by severe currency shortages, Mnangagwa said reforms of a bloated state sector would be launched in early 2018.  With opposition parties calling for widespread political reforms before an election next year, he repeated a promise that his government would do everything in its power to ensure a credible, free and fair ballot.  Corruption remains the major source of some of the problems we face as a country and its retarding impact on national development cannot be overemphasized,  Mnangagwa told a joint sitting of the country s two houses of parliament.  On individual cases of corruption, every case must be investigated and punished in accordance with the dictates of our laws. There should be no sacred cows. My government will have zero tolerance towards corruption and this has already begun.  The latter was an apparent reference to comments last week he would name and shame those who failed to return stolen public funds after a three-month amnesty ends in February.  His government is also pursuing corruption charges dating back over two decades against former finance minister Ignatius Chombo, a close ally of Mugabe and his wife, Grace. Chombo, whose lawyer has said he will deny the charges, faces trial early next year. In the latter half of Mugabe s rule the economy fell apart amid the violent and chaotic seizure of thousands of white-owned commercial farms. Billions of dollars of domestic debt issued to pay for a bloated civil service triggered a collapse in the value of Zimbabwe s de facto currency and hyperinflation.     Mnangagwa said the government would in the first quarter of next year announce a program to reform, commercialize or shut down some state-owned firms he said had been  for a long time an albatross around the government s neck . Zimbabwe s efforts to re-engage international lenders and lure investors will rest on the credibility of next year s election, and the president again pledged a commitment to a free and fair vote. To level a playing field they say is skewed in favor of Mnangagwa s ZANU-PF party, opposition parties have however challenged his army-backed government to first enact a long list of electoral reforms. They include a new voters  roll, opposition access to public media, allowing an estimated three million Zimbabweans living abroad to vote and international observers including the United Nations.  We would like to see genuine, credible electoral reforms that will lead to free and fair elections and they must be underwritten and guaranteed by the international community,  Tendai Biti, leader of the opposition MDC Alliance, told reporters ahead of Mnangagwa s address. Biti and other members of the alliance also criticized what they called the  militarization  of the government following the appointment of two former senior military officials to the new cabinet.  Mnangagwa gave his clearest signal yet on Tuesday that he would appoint as vice president Constantino Chiwenga, the military leader who led the coup that ousted Mugabe. Chris Mutsvangwa, adviser to the president and the influential leader of the war veterans  association, has rejected the criticism of the appointments, saying they were not unique to Zimbabwe.   ",1
11804,Bulgaria parliament passes anti-corruption law under EU pressure,"SOFIA (Reuters) - Bulgaria s parliament passed anti-corruption legislation on Wednesday under European Union pressure over its failure to prosecute venal officials, but President Rumen Radev has said the bill is not fit for purpose and he will veto it. The Balkan, formerly communist country is the poorest as well as one of the most corrupt countries in the EU, which it joined in 2007, and has made scant progress towards stamping out graft and organized crime. The European Commission, the EU s executive, has repeatedly rebuked Bulgaria for failing to prosecute and sentence allegedly corrupt officials and for not overhauling a creaking judiciary.  This law corresponds to the wishes of Bulgarian citizens and the European Commission,  said Tsvetan Tsvetanov, chairman of the ruling GERB party s parliamentary group. Analysts voiced concern, though, that the bill would not allow efficient investigations of corruption networks. The management of a special anti-graft unit envisaged by the legislation would be appointed by parliament, something analysts said could limit its objectivity.  Radev said the new five-person unit, meant to investigate persons occupying high state posts as well as assets and conflict of interest, may not be truly independent and could be used by those in power to persecute opponents.  The instruments envisaged in this law are ineffective,  Radev said last week.  It does not deal a blow on those who feed corruption, and it can be used as a weapon against inconvenient people.  He said he would veto the measure. The president, prime minister and lawmakers could be targets of investigation, as well as municipal councillors, directors of hospitals and border customs bosses. The new law also focuses on improving control and accountability of law-enforcement agencies, just before Bulgaria assumes the six-month, rotating EU presidency in January. Corruption has deterred foreign investment since communism collapsed in Bulgaria in 1989, and the EU has kept Sofia as well as neighboring Romania - for the same rule-of-law failings - outside its Schengen zone of passport-free travel. ",1
11805,Peru cancels copper project auction amid political crisis: sources,"LIMA (Reuters) - The center-right government of Peru s embattled President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski canceled its scheduled auction of a $2 billion copper project, Michiquillay, on Wednesday amid a growing political crisis, two government sources said. The regional bloc Organization of American States said earlier on Wednesday that it was preparing to send a delegation to Peru, the world s second biggest copper producer, to observe the  political situation  at the request of Kuczynski ahead of a vote in Congress to oust him on Thursday. ",1
11806,Saudi king receives Palestinian president Abbas,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia s King Salman received Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in Riyadh on Wednesday and reiterated the kingdom s support for the Palestinian people, state news agency SPA reported.  The king reassured the Palestinian leader that Saudi Arabia continues to support the right of Palestinians to an independent state with East Jerusalem as its capital, SPA said.   The two leaders also discussed the latest developments in the Palestinian territories, it said. A dozen Saudi princes and officials also attended the meeting.  Saudi Arabia condemned U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and said any decision to move the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem before a permanent peace settlement is reached would inflame the feelings of Muslims, official media reported. ",1
11807,"Kidnapped aid workers in South Sudan released: U.N., rebels","JUBA (Reuters) - Six aid workers kidnapped by rebels in South Sudan earlier this week have been released, according to the United Nations and a spokesman for the rebels.  The aid workers are from the French organization Solidarites International and had been kidnapped on Sunday while traveling on a road near the city of Raja, in the west of the country.   All of them were released and they have landed safely in Wau,  another city in the west of the country, a United Nations official in Juba who spoke on condition of anonymity told Reuters. He said one of those who had been held by the rebels was a foreigner.  Rebel spokesman Lam Paul Gabriel told Reuters that the six humanitarian aid workers had been freed:  All their belongings were given back to them including their vehicles.  It was not clear why the rebels had taken the aid workers and their vehicles into custody. Solidarites said in a statement on Monday that it had lost contact with three members of its team on Saturday. [L8N1OI50M] It gave no indication of their fate and it was not immediately clear why it gave a different number of those involved.  The spokesman for Solidarites in Paris did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the announcement of the release of its staff. The army spokesman in Juba also did not respond to request for comment. South Sudan is one of the world s most dangerous countries for aid workers. Some 28 aid workers have been killed this year, with nine shot dead in November alone, according to the United Nations. The world s youngest nation is embroiled in a civil war that has killed tens of thousands of people and forced a third of the 12 million strong population to flee their homes.  ",1
11808,U.S. concerned by KRG security raid on local broadcaster: embassy,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The U.S. Embassy in Baghdad said on Wednesday it was concerned by the closure of a local Kurdish broadcaster at the hands of Iraqi Kurdish security forces a day earlier.  We are concerned by recent actions to curb the operations of some media outlets through force or intimidation, specifically yesterday s raid by Kurdistan Regional Government security forces of the NRT offices in Sulaimaniya,  the embassy said in a statement. ",1
11809,"Ukraine, allies fear escalation after Russia exits ceasefire group","KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainian officials, security monitors and Kiev s foreign backers warned on Wednesday that Moscow s decision to withdraw from a Ukrainian-Russian ceasefire control group could worsen the fighting in eastern Ukraine. On Monday, the Russian foreign ministry said it was recalling officers serving at the Joint Centre for Control and Coordination (JCCC) in Ukraine, accusing the Ukrainian side of obstructing their work and limiting access to the front line. Ukrainian Defence Minister Stepan Poltorak and security chief Olekshandr Turchynov said the decision, coupled with a recent surge in fighting in the eastern Donbass region, suggested Russia had switched to a more offensive strategy.  We cannot rule out that they withdrew their officers in order to start stepping up not only military provocations but also military operations,   Turchynov said.  We will strengthen our positions at the front.   The Ukrainian armed forces are currently prepared for a change in the situation,  Poltorak told journalists. A Russia-backed separatist insurgency erupted in 2014 and the bloodshed has continued despite a ceasefire that was meant to end the conflict. More than 10,000 people have been killed, with casualties reported on a near-daily basis. A spokesman for the Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe, which works with the JCCC to monitor the much-violated Minsk peace agreement, said:   We are concerned about any step that might lead to a further deterioration of the security situation in the region, affecting both the SMM (OSCE special monitoring mission) and the civilian population.   Fighting between Ukrainian troops and separatists has climbed to the worst level in months, the OSCE said this week, after the shelling of a frontline village wounded civilians and destroyed or damaged dozens of homes. Russia denies accusations from Ukraine and NATO it supports the rebels with troops and weapons, but the U.S. envoy to peace talks, Kurt Volker, said Moscow was answerable for the violence.   Russia withdrew its officers from JCCC - a ceasefire implementation tool - right before a massive escalation in ceasefire violations. Ukraine just suffered some of the worst fighting since February, 2017. Decision for peace lies with Russia,  Volker tweeted on Tuesday. Germany and France, which have spearheaded international efforts to resolve the conflict, expressed concern. A Germany foreign ministry spokesman said  it could have severe consequences for civilians in the conflict zones.   We call on the Russian authorities to reconsider this decision and hope that the Ukrainian authorities will guarantee access to Ukrainian territory to Russian representatives of the joint center (JCCC),  said Alexandre Giorgini, deputy spokesman for the French foreign ministry. Created in 2014, the JCCC is made up of Ukrainian and Russian officers, who are meant to work together to ensure the safety of OSCE monitors and help implement the Minsk ceasefire.  ",1
11810,"French PM defends flight home for 350,000 euros","PARIS (Reuters) - France s prime minister, whose government has vowed to clean up politics, was forced on Wednesday to defend his decision to hire a private jet for 350,000 euros ($415,000) to fly back from Japan. Opposition politicians decried Edouard Philippe s use of the private charter, and a non-governmental agency that pursues financial wrongdoing in high places accused him of ignoring his own government s pledges of exemplary behavior. President Emmanuel Macron came under fire earlier this month for celebrating his 40th birthday in the grounds of a royal palace. His office sought to play that down, saying the event had been paid for by Macron and his wife. Philippe acknowledged on RTL radio that he and his delegation flew back to Paris from Tokyo, after an official trip to New Caledonia, at a cost of 350,000 euros, but said he had been obliged to do so.  I totally understand the surprise and the questions of the French people,  Philippe said.  We knew there was no commercial flight at the time we needed to return, and we knew we had to return because the President was leaving on the Wednesday morning of our return for Algeria,  he said.  The rule is that, whenever possible, (either) the Prime Minister or the President must be on national territory ... I take full responsibility for this decision.  Karim Bouamrane, spokesman for the Socialist Party, said on Twitter that the flight pointed to  amateurism  regarding the organizational skills of Philippe s team. Macron put financial and ethical probity in public life at the heart of a presidential election race he won last May, and his new government passed a law to tighten up on ethical standards in French politics. He has struggled nonetheless to shake detractors  charges that he is a  president of the rich  after reforms including the scrapping of a wealth tax and reductions in housing benefit - moves Macron says will boost investment and social mobility. In August, social media commentators and political opponents criticized the French president after it emerged he spent 26,000 euros on makeup during his first 100 days in office. Anticor, a non-governmental agency that focuses on financial corruption and profligacy in politics, said use of a private jet was at odds with Macron and his government s declarations that financial probity was a priority. ($1 = 0.8450 euros) ",1
11811,Factbox: EU launches action against Poland over courts reform,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Below are details of the European Commission s decision to launch the Article 7 procedure against Poland on Wednesday over judicial reforms that Brussels says undermine Polish courts  independence. The procedure could lead to a suspension of Poland s voting rights in the EU if approved by all over EU members except Poland. Hungary has said it would veto any sanctions on Poland. First Vice President of the European Commission, Frans Timmermans, said at a news conference on Wednesday that thirteen laws passed in Poland over the last two years  put at serious risk the independence of the judiciary and the separation of powers in Poland .  The common pattern of all these legislative changes is that the executive or legislative powers are now set up in such a way that the ruling majority can systematically, politically interfere with the composition, the powers, the administration and the functioning of these authorities, thereby rendering the independence of the judiciary completely moot,  Timmermans said. He said that laws passed by Poland s parliament mean that: Almost 40 percent of current Supreme Court judges will be forced into compulsory retirement Poland s president will have discretionary power to decide if and for how long to prolong their mandates New Supreme Court judges will be appointed by the president on the recommendation of the newly composed National Council for the Judiciary (NCJ), which is dominated by political appointees of the ruling party. This politicized Supreme Court will decide directly about the validity of election results  A number of judges in ordinary courts are forced to retire following a decrease of the retirement age of judges. Their mandates can be prolonged at the discretion of the Minister of the justice minister who is also the chief prosecutor Justice minister has discretionary power to appoint and dismiss all presidents of courts   without concrete criteria, no obligation to state reasons and no judicial review Mandates of members of NCJ will be prematurely terminated and members will be reappointed by Polish parliament instead of by other judges as required by European standards NCJ plays key role throughout the career of judges when it comes to their appointments, their promotions, to where they are assigned to in the country and the courts, to disciplinary proceedings Timmermans said on Wednesday the European Commission asks Poland to: Restore the independence and legitimacy of the Constitutional Tribunal by ensuring that its judges, its President and its Vice-President are lawfully elected and appointed Publish and implement fully the three 2016 verdicts of the Constitutional Tribunal Amend the law on the Supreme Court so as to not apply a lowered retirement age to the current Supreme Court judges, and remove the discretionary powers of the President of Poland and remove the extraordinary appeal procedure Amend the law on the ordinary courts so as to remove the new retirement regime for judges of ordinary courts Amend the law on the National Council for the Judiciary so as to ensure that the mandate of members of the Council is not terminated and the members are elected by other judges The Commission said that should the Polish authorities implement the recommended actions in the coming three months the Commission stands ready to reconsider its decision to move forward with the Article 7 procedure. ",1
11812,Myanmar military appoints general to probe mass grave in Rakhine state,"YANGON (Reuters) - Myanmar s army said on Wednesday that it had appointed a senior officer to investigate whether any members of the security forces were involved in the killing of 10 people whose bodies have been uncovered in a mass grave in Rakhine State. A violent crackdown by the security forces in response to attacks by militants in the western state has caused around 650,000 Rohingya Muslims to flee to Bangladesh in recent months. The discover of the grave, at the village of Inn Din, about 50 km (30 miles) north of the state capital Sittwe, was announced by the military two days ago. In a statement posted on the Facebook page of the military s commander-in-chief, Senior General Min Aung Hlaing, the army said a five-member investigation team had left the capital Naypyitaw on Wednesday. The team, led by Lieutenant General Aye Win, would  investigate whether the security forces took part or not, in relation to the unidentified dead bodies found in Inn Din village graveyard . It gave no further details and military officials were not immediately available for comment. General Aye Win is the same officer who led a wider probe into the conduct of troops in a conflict that began in late August, which concluded in a report last month that no atrocities took place. Myanmar s armed forces launched what they termed clearance operations in northern Rakhine, where many of the stateless Muslim minority lived, after Rohingya militants attacked 30 police posts and an army base on Aug. 25. Rights monitors have accused troops of abuses, including killings, mass rape and arson during those operations. The United States has said it amounted to  ethnic cleansing . Myanmar s civilian leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, has faced fierce international criticism for failing to do more to protect the Rohingya. The civilian government, which has no control over the military, has said the army was engaged in legitimate counter-insurgency operations. It has promised to investigate allegations of abuses in Rakhine if it is given evidence. ",1
11813,Senior Saudi prince says Trump's Jerusalem move threatens stability,"RIYADH (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital will stoke violence in the region, former Saudi intelligence chief Prince Turki al-Faisal said, dismissing reports of prior consultations made with Riyadh over the move.   It is a very bad decision. The consequences will be more bloodshed, more conflict rather than peaceful resolution,  Prince Turki, a senior royal family member and a former ambassador to Washington, told Reuters in an interview on Tuesday in Riyadh. Trump reversed decades of U.S. policy and veered from international consensus this month by recognizing Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. Most countries say the city s status must be left to negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians. Saudi Arabia condemned the decision. Saudi King Salman told President Trump that any decision to move the U.S. Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem before a permanent peace settlement is reached will inflame the feelings of Muslims, official media reported. But Saudi Arabia stopped short of calling for any Arab action against the decision. Palestinian officials say Riyadh has been working for weeks behind the scenes to press them to support a nascent U.S. peace plan.  The reaction here was total surprise,  said Prince Turki, who now holds no government office but remains influential.   ... If there has been prior consultation or anything like that, why would the King go through the process of telling him (Trump) this is a bad idea and make that known publicly?    I don t think there ever was any discussion of this  before the decision was taken, he added. As regards possible Saudi and Arab action in response to Trump s decision, Prince Turki said:  I am sure lots of people would prefer to have something just for the sake of appearance but I don t think that s how the Saudi government operates. If it is going to take action, it is going to be a serious action.  Four Palestinian officials, who spoke on condition they not be named, said Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas have discussed in detail a grand bargain that Trump and Jared Kushner, the president s son-in-law and adviser, are expected to unveil in the first half of 2018. Arab officials say the plan is still in its early phases of development.  Prince Turki said he was unaware of details of any such  plan. Prince Turki is a son of King Faisal, who was assassinated in 1975. His brother, Saud al-Faisal, served as foreign minister for 40 years until 2015, and their branch of the family is seen as influential over Saudi foreign policy, even as Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has solidified his authority. Prince Saud championed a 2002 Arab peace initiative which called for normalizing relations between Arab countries and Israel in return for Israel s withdrawal from lands occupied in the 1967 Middle East war. In a letter to Trump published in a Saudi newspaper on Dec. 11, Prince Turki said that Trump s  opportunistic  Jerusalem move would threaten security in the region.  The now much diminished terrorist international gets a rejuvenation boost from you and re-energizes its recruitment of volunteers to broaden their murderous attacks on innocent civilians, worldwide,  he wrote in his letter. Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has said he would encourage a more moderate and tolerant version of Islam in the ultra-conservative kingdom. The ambitious young prince has already taken some steps to loosen Saudi Arabia s ultra-strict social restrictions, scaling back the role of religious morality police, permitting public concerts and announcing plans to allow women to drive next year. Prince Turki said that Saudis share in the blame for the spread of extremist ideology through funding of mosques abroad that may have fallen into the wrong hands, but that such funding stopped since the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks in the United States.    The kingdom has been the victim of such people and such activity... Since Sept. 11 the kingdom has had a sustained and continuous program opposing extremist ideology, not just in the kingdom but abroad,  he told Reuters.     For a period of time, yes it is true there were some Saudis who promoted issues of extremism and so on. Now we are getting rid of all of those. I would say we have gotten rid of most of them, if not all of them.   ",1
11814,Somali lawmakers seek to impeach president amid political crisis,"MOGADISHU (Reuters) - Some Somali lawmakers said on Wednesday they plan to impeach the president in a mounting political crisis that could put the fledgling government on a violent collision course with one of the country s most powerful clans.  The political turmoil endangers fragile gains against the Islamist al Shabaab insurgency and could derail the government of President Mohamed Abdullahi. Universally known by his nickname  Farmajo , the dual U.S.-Somali citizen took power earlier this year in a U.N.-backed process.  The Horn of Africa state s parliament adjourned last week until the end of February, but some legislators want it to reconvene on an emergency basis, lawmaker Mahad Salad told Reuters.  Ninety-six lawmakers have asked the speaker to reopen the session so that the impeachment against the president kicks off. The president is accused of violation of the constitution, treason, destruction of the federal states and so on,  he said.  The letter had not yet been delivered to the speaker. There are 275 lawmakers and two-thirds would have to vote against the president to impeach him.  The motion follows a deadly raid on Sunday on the home of an opposition leader, Abdirahman Abdishakur Warsame, who ran for the presidency against Farmajo. Somali security agents arrived at his house around midnight and engaged his guards in a firefight, killing five people. The minister of security said Warsame resisted arrest and he would be charged with treason. He appeared in court on Tuesday but no warrant was shown for his arrest, a witness said. A Wednesday court hearing was postponed until Thursday.  The information minister did not return calls seeking comment. A statement from the security minister and attorney general said they were  investigating the crimes of Somalis who were involved in treason, terror and the destruction of government systems . Warsame comes from Somalia s formidable Habar Gidir clan, which is spread across south-central Somalia. Although both his supporters and the government stress that his detention is political, rather than a clan issue, it will further sour relations between the two sides. If that sparks fighting it could split Somalia s security forces, which are composed mostly of clan-based militias. In September, a battle between the police, intelligence, and military killed nine people in Mogadishu s Habar Gidir district.   It s a lose-lose situation for the government. If they pursue this, they face a showdown with the Habar Gidir, who are powerful, wealthy and well-armed and provide many units in the SNA,  said a Somalia security analyst who spoke on condition of anonymity, referring to the Somali National Army.   If they back down, they look weak. It s very hard to see how the administration could survive this crisis.   In August, a joint U.S.-Somali raid in the town of Bariire killed 10 Habar Gidir members. The U.S. military said they were Islamist militants but clan elders said they were civilians. In May, a soldier accidentally killed the minister of public works in a case of mistaken identity. A Habar Gidir clan member, the soldier was sentenced to death, angering clan members who felt that blood money should have been accepted. Somalia s new government has won plaudits from diplomats for trying to assess the extent of mismanagement and corruption in the armed forces and the International Monetary Fund has praised it for fiscal reforms. But at home, the government has many problems. It has hired and fired a string of top security officials. Al Shabaab militants, skilled at exploiting clan divisions, stepped up a campaign of deadly bombings in Mogadishu. One October bomb killed more than 500 people.  A split between Qatar and the United Arab Emirates, both of which have supported Somali factions, has fuelled a spat between the president and leaders of Somalia s regional administrations, damaging security cooperation.   This month, the U.S. government announced it was suspending aid to most of the military over accountability concerns. Now many parliamentarians are angry that a government that promotes itself as reformist is arresting critics like Warsame, said Abdirizak Mohamed, a lawmaker and former security minister.   MPs are concerned about freedom of expression and association. This was an unnecessary crisis when they already had a lot on their plate.  ",1
11815,South Korea says delay in military drills aimed only at ensuring peaceful Olympics,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean officials said on Wednesday a proposed delay in military drills with the United States was aimed at ensuring a peaceful 2018 Winter Olympics, not ending the North Korean missile crisis, as relations with China suffered new setbacks. South Korean President Moon Jae-in is seeking to soothe relations with North Korea, which is pursuing nuclear and missile programmes in defiance of U.N. sanctions, and with China, the North s lone major ally, before the Games begin in South Korea in February. China, which hosted years of on-again-off-again six-party talks to try to end the North Korea standoff, resumed some blocks on group tours to South Korea, industry sources said, and rebuked Seoul for firing warning shots at Chinese fishing boats   On Tuesday, Moon, who visited China last week, said he had proposed postponing major military drills with the United States until after the Games, a move his office said was designed to reassure athletes and spectators.  This is confined to our efforts to host a peaceful Olympics,  an official from the presidential Blue House said.   We are only talking about the exercises which are supposed to take place during the Olympics and Paralympics.  North Korea sees the regular joint exercises as preparation for war, while China is still angry about the deployment of a U.S. anti-missile system, commonly known as THAAD, by South Korea, whose powerful radar it fears could see deep inside its territory. The South argues it needs THAAD to guard against the threat posed by North Korea, which regularly threatens to destroy South Korea, Japan and the United States. For a graphic on North Korea's missile launches, click tmsnrt.rs/2j2S5T3 The proposed delay in drills was discussed during a summit last week between Moon and Chinese President Xi Jinping, after the proposal had already been submitted to the Americans, the  Blue House official said. China and Russia have proposed a  freeze for freeze  arrangement under which North Korea would stop its nuclear and missile tests in exchange for a halt to the exercises. However, the official denied the proposed delay had anything to do with the freeze idea. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said in Ottawa on Tuesday he was unaware of any plans to  alter longstanding and scheduled and regular military exercises . North Korea has stepped up its missile and nuclear tests at an unprecedented rate this year, and any new provocation from the North would  inevitably have an impact  on the exercises, the Blue House official said.  It is a display of the president s strong message that North Korea must not conduct any provocation (during the Olympics),  the official told reporters. (For a graphic on North Korea's missile and nuclear tests, click tmsnrt.rs/2vXbj0S) Japan s Asahi newspaper reported on Wednesday, citing an unidentified person connected to South Korean intelligence, that North Korea was conducting biological experiments to test the possibility of loading anthrax-laden warheads on its intercontinental ballistic missiles. The Asahi report said the U.S. government was aware of the tests, which were meant to ascertain whether the anthrax bacteria could survive the high temperatures that occur during warheads  re-entry from space. Reuters was unable to verify the report independently. In a statement released by state media, North Korea s Ministry of Foreign Affairs called reports it was developing biological weapons  nonsense  designed to provoke nuclear war. The United States has given China a draft resolution for tougher U.N. sanctions on North Korea and is hoping for a quick vote on it by the U.N. Security Council, a Western diplomat said on Tuesday, however Beijing has yet to sign on. When asked about the U.S. resolution at a press briefing on Wednesday, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying would only say that China always takes a responsible and constructive attitude towards Security Council talks on North Korea. The United States has also called on the Security Council to blacklist 10 ships for circumventing sanctions on North Korea. Hua said China had received the proposal from the United States.   China has resumed at least some restrictions on group tours into the South, South Korea s inbound travel agency said. The restrictions were first in place last year as part of China s retaliation over THAAD deployment.  I was told from my boss this morning that our Chinese partners (based in Beijing and Shandong) said they won t send group tourists to South Korea as of January,  the official from Naeil Tour Agency told Reuters by phone.  One source in China said the reason for reinstating the ban was to rein in overly aggressive tour operators who had been rolling out package deals to South Korea too quickly in the eyes of authorities. Foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua told reporters she had not heard of a tourism ban, but she reiterated that Moon s visit to Beijing was successful and that China has an open attitude towards exchanges and cooperation in all areas.  Beijing has never officially confirmed restrictions on tourism. Three representatives at Beijing travel agencies told Reuters that they were not currently organising group tours to South Korea. One confirmed that the tourism administration had issued the notice, while a third said:  At the moment we have no group trips to South Korea.  A travel agency in the northern province of Shandong also said it could not organise group trips. Three others said they could, but with restrictions such as on the number of people. South Korea s coast guard said on Wednesday it had fired around 250 warning shots on Tuesday to chase away a fleet of 44 Chinese boats fortified with iron bars and steel mesh that were fishing illegally in South Korean waters.  The Chinese fishing boats sought to swarm around and collide with our patrol ship, ignoring the broadcast warnings,  the coast guard said in a statement.  China, which has in the past lodged diplomatic protests to South Korea over the use of force by its coast guard, expressed  serious concern  about the latest clash.  (For a graphic on rocket science, click tmsnrt.rs/2t6WEPL) ",1
11816,Russia detains Norwegian citizen over suspected spying," (Corrects a Dec. 19 story to make clear in graf 12 that Russia annexed Ukraine s Crimea, not all of Ukraine) By Gabrielle Tetrault-Farber and Gwladys Fouche MOSCOW/OSLO (Reuters) - Russia has detained a Norwegian citizen it suspects of spying, his Norwegian lawyer and the RIA news agency said on Tuesday, citing a Moscow court which sanctioned the individual s detention. Media reports said Russia s FSB security service had caught the Norwegian taking secret documents about the Russian Navy from a Russian citizen. The detained man is 62-year-old pensioner Frode Berg, a former guard working on the Norwegian-Russian border who was arrested on Dec. 5, his Norwegian lawyer told Reuters.  His family says the accusations of espionage are inexplicable,  said Berg s lawyer in Oslo, Brynjulf Risnes.   He was on a private visit to meet acquaintances from his former job and the cultural work he does ... The family has known for a while that Frode Berg was arrested. They thought it was a misunderstanding and that it would be clarified soon.  Berg resides in the Norwegian city of Kirkenes, a town some 15 kilometres (9 miles) from the border with Russia. He is active in a cross-border cultural organisation called Girls on the Bridge. Berg posted a picture of a snow-covered Red Square on his Facebook profile page early on Dec. 5, the day of his arrest, with the message  Christmas Time in Moscow! .  The maximum penalty for espionage in Russia is 20 years in prison, while the minimum sentence is 10 years, said Risnes.  The family is struggling as there is very little information available from the Russian authorities,  he said. He said his first priority was to get access to Berg and the second one was to ensure a Russian lawyer who could provide the best possible defence.  Often espionage cases have political undertones,  he said.  So it is important we have a lawyer who fully defends his interests.  NATO-member Norway is part of the coalition of countries that have imposed sanctions on Russia following its 2014 annexation of Ukraine s Crimea. It has been concerned about Russia s ability and willingness to use military means to achieve political goals. Norwegian authorities said they had been able to visit their national in detention.  The Norwegian consular service has visited the citizen that has been arrested in Moscow and is now in detention,  said Frode Overland Andersen, a press spokesman for the Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs. He added the Norwegian national had legal representation and that the arrest had taken place on Dec. 5. The spokesman declined to comment on the charges.   ",1
11817,Two Kosovo men plea guilty of plotting to attack Israeli soccer team,"PRISTINA (Reuters) - Two Kosovo men pleaded guilty on Wednesday to planning attacks at a World Cup soccer match in Albania against the visiting Israel team last year. Kosovo police arrested 19 people in November 2016 on suspicion that they had links with the Islamic State militant group and were planning attacks in Kosovo and neighboring Albania. Nine of them were charged. The state prosecutor said some of them were in contact with Lavdrim Muhaxheri, Islamic State s self-declared  commander of Albanians in Syria and Iraq , who ordered them to attack. Police said Muhaxheri was killed in June this year.  ... I accept guilty plea,  defendant Kenan Plakaj said in court. He is accused of making explosives, after police found half a kilo of explosives at his house, the indictment said. The other defendant, Besart Peci, also pleaded guilty. Sentences were not announced. Another defendant facing trial had kept in his basement 283 grams of self-made explosives. The same triacetone triperoxide explosive was used in attacks in Paris and Brussels and has been found in various foiled bombings in Europe since 2007. No militant attacks have been staged in Kosovo, whose population is largely ethnic Albanian Muslim. But at least 200 people have been detained or investigated over offences related to Islamic State, and a total of 300 Kosovars have gone to Syria to fight for Islamic State. More than 70 have been killed. International and local security agencies in Kosovo are worried that many of those returning from combat zones will pose a security threat. In 2015, Kosovo adopted a law introducing jail sentences of up to 15 years for anyone found guilty of fighting in wars abroad. ",1
11818,Islamic State claims air base attack in Egypt's North Sinai,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Islamic State has claimed an attack on an Egyptian military airport that killed one officer and wounded two near the town of Arish in North Sinai on Tuesday, the group s Amaq news agency said in a statement. Security sources meanwhile said an army officer and five militants had been killed in clashes as security forces carried out arrest raids near the Arish air base on Wednesday. The Amaq statement said Islamic State fighters used a Kornet anti-tank missile in the Tuesday attack that targeted the interior and defense ministers who were visiting the area. Neither minister was harmed, a security source said. Islamic State s Sinai branch has for years waged attacks against security forces, and in the past year expanded targets to include Christians and other civilians. An attack on a mosque last month which killed more than 300 people, the deadliest in Egypt s modern history, was widely attributed to Islamic State, but the group did not claim it. President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi ordered security forces to use heavy force to stamp out the Sinai insurgency within three months after that attack. ",1
11819,Poll shows improvement in Brazil President Temer's low approval rating,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - The approval rating for Brazilian President Michel Temer s scandal-plagued government has doubled to 6 percent from the prior survey, a new poll published on Wednesday showed, as the country s economy continues to improve. The survey by pollster Ibope, conducted between Dec. 7-10, said the number of people who considered Temer s government  bad  or  terrible  fell to 74 percent, from 77 percent in the previous survey in September. That represents the first improvement in Temer s unfavorable rating since he took over last year from his predecessor Dilma Rousseff, who was impeached for breaking budget rules. Brazil s economy continues to strengthen as it exits its worst recession in a century, posting its third consecutive quarter of growth in the third quarter. The poll comes as Brazil s Congress heads into a winter recess until February without voting to overhaul the pension system, Temer s top policy initiative that is seen as vital to fixing the country s finances but is widely unpopular. The government has notched some smaller legislative successes, including more flexible labor regulations that came into effect last month. In October, the lower house of Congress again rejected corruption charges against Temer. ",1
11820,"Germany takes political vacuum in its stride, for now","BERLIN (Reuters) - Largely unperturbed by Angela Merkel s failure to form a government after a September election, many Germans are taking the prospect of several more months of coalition talks in their stride. The country is used to lengthy transitions but this is the longest since reunification in 1990. It is 87 days since the election and few experts see a government in place before March. EU leaders fear delays to euro zone integration plans, some of which are to strengthen the banking system, and many economists warn Europe s biggest economy must reform and invest in broadband and infrastructure to stay competitive. But as caretaker chancellor, Merkel is voting at EU summits,  parliament is passing laws required by international mandates, local authorities are wading through asylum applications and a bright outlook in Europe s biggest economy is buoying the mood.  I haven t noticed much difference from before, said Nadja Helling, 36, cradling a steaming mug of gluehwein at a Berlin Christmas market. It s not ideal but nobody is panicking.  Domestic and foreign demand are driving solid growth and the effects of low borrowing costs and European Central Bank stimulus are supporting record-high employment levels and rising real wages.  We have jobs and are enjoying the Christmas markets,  said Helling s friend, Silvia.  What s the problem?  The Munich-based Ifo institute raised its forecasts last week and expects the German economy to expand by 2.6 percent next year, the highest rate since 2011, adding, however, that this might be the peak. The IfW institute in Kiel said the delayed formation of a government  does not pose an economic risk , but also sounded a warning for the longer term.   A boom may feel good but it carries the seeds of a crisis. The view that a boom is harmless, as long as consumer prices are under control, falls short,  said the IfW s Stefan Kooths. The reality experienced by many Germans belies dire warnings from commentators last month about looming instability and even new elections after Merkel, weakened by losing votes to the far-right, was humiliated by the collapse of 3-way coalition talks. She is now wooing the Social Democrats (SPD), reluctant partners after voters punished them for sharing power with Merkel s conservatives over the last four years. Germany s transition pales into comparison with some other EU partners, such as Belgium and the Netherlands where a coalition took 225 days to clinch a deal this year.  I suspect the process will take some time yet but people who talk about instability are mistaken. We have a stable caretaker government, an effective parliament and a democracy that is functioning very well,  said Nils Diederich, politics professor at Berlin s Free University. Confounding some predictions, the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD), dogged by infighting, has so far failed to capitalize on the lack of a proper government despite being the third-biggest party. Opinion polls have barely changed since the Sept. 24 election, indicating there is little sense of crisis. The Ifo institute said on Tuesday uncertainty about the shape of the government was growing but that a surprise drop in its business moral survey in December after a record high the previous month was nothing too unusual. Indeed, seasonally adjusted unemployment is at the lowest level since 1990 and Christmas sales forecasts are bright, with the HDE retail industry association expecting sales over the festive season to rise by 3 percent to a record high. Merkel, unruffled as ever, has sought to reassure voters and investors that it is business as usual in Germany, with most incumbent ministers staying on in an interim government.  If anything, there is a striking lack of urgency about the talks, partly to keep skeptical SPD rank and file on board. After party leaders meet on Wednesday to draw up a rough timetable, no further talks are expected before January.  Meanwhile, the Bundestag lower house has agreed to roll over military missions in Afghanistan and Mali and debated topics from Brexit to planned job cuts by Siemens.   Germany s federal structure means much business that affects ordinary people, including dealing with asylum applications, housing and school issues, goes ahead regardless of Berlin. Deutsche Bahn has launched a much delayed fast train link between Berlin and Munich, complete with the usual teething problems, and Christmas markets have opened, albeit with tight security after last year s attack. The impasse has had little effect on Brexit talks because there is consensus among Germany s main parties about the German, and EU, position towards Britain. Plans for euro zone reform, however, are more contentious, although Merkel said on Monday, she hoped to make progress on the issue by March.  The main possible negative effect is that the momentum in Europe (for reform), that was desired after the Brexit vote might be lost,  said Thomas Jaeger, politics professor at Cologne University. The SPD, determined to stamp its identity on any coalition deal with Merkel, backs deeper integration than Merkel s conservatives, but is split over whether it should agree to a  grand coalition  with Merkel. Its leader Martin Schulz has championed French President Emmanuel Macron s proposals for a euro zone budget and finance minister and wants a  United States of Europe  by 2025.  The only political crisis in Germany is the struggle for direction by the main parties, in particular the SPD,  said Diederich.  The SPD needs time to overcome this.  ",1
11821,"EU's Tusk says important to end ""devastation"" of Poland's reputation","WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland is currently seen as a force for disintegration of the European Union (EU) and hence it is important to end the destruction of Warsaw s reputation, European Council President Donald Tusk said on Wednesday.  Poland is perceived today as a disintegrating force in this part of Europe and this is why I believe that it is important to end this devastation (...) of Poland s reputation,  Tusk told local media, commenting on European Commission s decision to launch Article 7 procedure against Warsaw. Tusk also said he did not expect sanctions to be imposed on Poland in the near future.  ",1
11822,Poland's refusal to accept Muslim migrants may be behind EC decision: ruling party,"WARSAW (Reuters) - The European Commission s decision to launch the so-called Article 7 procedure against Poland may be related to Warsaw s refusal to accept Muslim migrants, spokeswoman of the ruling Law and Justice (PiS) party Beata Mazurek said on Wednesday.  This may be an effect not only of the opposition s informing (on Poland to the EC) but also because we don t want to accept immigrants, we don t want to accept Muslim migrants, as we care for the security of Poles,  Mazurek told reporters. ",1
11823,Turkey orders arrest of former police investigator's parents: Hurriyet,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - An Istanbul prosecutor has issued arrest warrants for the parents of a former police investigator who gave evidence at the trial of a Turkish banker in the United States last week, the Hurriyet newspaper reported on Wednesday. Turkey has called for the arrest of Huseyin Korkmaz after he testified at the trial of Mehmet Hakan Atilla, a former executive of state-lender Halkbank who is accused of helping Iran evade U.S. sanctions. The Istanbul prosecutor s office was not immediately available for comment. U.S. prosecutors have accused Atilla of working with Turkish-Iranian gold trader Reza Zarrab and others to help Iran evade U.S. sanctions through fraudulent gold and food transactions. The case has strained relations between Turkey and the United States, which are NATO allies. Atilla has pleaded not guilty and Halkbank has denied involvement with any illegal transactions. But Zarrab has pleaded guilty and testified for U.S. prosecutors. Korkmaz said he fled Turkey in 2016 fearing retaliation from the government after leading an investigation in 2013 into Zarrab which implicated high-ranking officials. Hurriyet said the Istanbul prosecutor s order to arrest Korkmaz s parents came after his testimony in the U.S. case in which he said he gave documents related to the 2013 investigation to his mother to keep. Last week, Turkish police summoned a Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) official over statements made by Korkmaz in the U.S. court, the state-run Anadolu Agency reported. ",1
11824,Ex-Interpol chief says ready to testify for Argentina's Fernandez,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Argentina s previous government never asked Interpol to drop arrest warrants against a group of Iranians accused of bombing a Jewish center, the ex-head of the police agency said on Wednesday, as the government proceeded with treason charges against the former president. Former Interpol chief Ronald Noble said in an email on Wednesday that he wants to testify that the government of former President Cristina Fernandez did not ask to have the arrest warrants lifted as part of a  memorandum  she had with Iran. If a judge allows Noble to testify, the treason case filed this month against Fernandez and 11 other top officials could crumble. She denies wrongdoing and calls the charge politically motivated. The arrest warrants  were not affected in their validity by the approval of the memorandum,  Noble said in an email to a federal appeals court that was seen by Reuters. The Fernandez administration  always expressed its belief that the warrants should remain in effect,  the email said. The accusation that the Fernandez government worked behind the scenes to clear the accused bombers of the AMIA Jewish community center in order to improve trade between Argentina and Iran is at the heart of a charge of treason brought against Fernandez.  She served as president for eight years before being succeeded by Mauricio Macri in 2015. Others agreed that the treason charge against Fernandez appeared questionable.  The indictment by Judge Claudio Bonadio of former President Fernandez, her Foreign Minister Hector Timerman, and 10 others, for  treason  and  concealment  points to no evidence that would seem to substantiate those charges,  Human Rights Watch said in a statement on Tuesday.  The allegations against Fernandez drew international attention in January 2015, when the prosecutor who initially made them, Alberto Nisman, was found shot dead in the bathroom of his Buenos Aires apartment. An Argentine appeals court ordered the re-opening of the investigation a year ago. Nisman s death was classified a suicide, though an official investigating the case has said the shooting appeared to be a homicide. Nisman s body was discovered hours before he was to brief Congress on the 1994 bombing of the AMIA center.  Nisman said Fernandez worked behind the scenes to clear Iran of any wrongdoing and normalize relations to clinch a grains-for-oil deal with Tehran that was signed in 2013. The  memorandum  agreement created a joint commission to investigate the AMIA bombing that critics said was really a means to absolve Iran. ",1
11825,Turkey's Erdogan defends Ottoman commander after UAE minister retweets criticism,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan leapt to the defence of an Ottoman military commander on Wednesday after the United Arab Emirates foreign minister retweeted accusations that Ottoman forces looted the holy city of Medina during World War One. Erdogan appeared to be responding to a tweet shared on Saturday by UAE Foreign Minister Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed Al Nahayan, which said Ottoman troops led by Fakhreddin Pasha stole money and manuscripts from Medina in 1916. The tweet also said Turkish forces abducted residents of Medina and took them to Istanbul.  These are Erdogan s ancestors, and their history with Arab Muslims,  read the tweet,  originally posted by someone identifying themselves as an Iraqi dentist from Germany. Medina, now part of Saudi Arabia, was part of the Ottoman territory for centuries until the empire s collapse at the end of World War One. In a speech to local administrators, Erdogan said Fahreddin Pasha had not stolen from Medina or its people, but strived to protect the city and its occupants during a time of war.  Those miserable people who are delirious enough to shamelessly and tirelessly say Erdogan s ancestors stole sacred items from there and brought them to Istanbul - it was to protect them from the people that came to invade,  he said. The United Arab Emirates, a close U.S. ally, sees Erdogan s Islamist-rooted ruling party as a friend of Islamist forces which the UAE opposes across the Arab world. Relations were further strained by Ankara s support for Qatar after Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Bahrain and Egypt imposed sanctions on the Gulf emirate in June. Two months later, Sheikh Abdullah criticised what he called Turkey and Iran s  colonial  actions in Syria, even though Turkey and the UAE have both opposed Syria President Bashar al-Assad. Erdogan s spokesman Ibrahim Kalin has also responded to Sheikh Abdullah s comments, saying it was a shame that he  retweets this propaganda lie that seeks to turn Turks & Arabs against one another, again.   Is attacking President Erdo an at all costs the new fashion now?  Kalin tweeted on Tuesday. ",1
11826,Migrants in Serbia's north brave winter to cross to EU,"SID, Serbia (Reuters) - Mudassir, 18, from Pakistan s city of Peshawar has tried to enter the European Union 30 times but was always caught and sent back to his starting point in Serbia.  Now, he and dozens of other migrants are braving near-freezing temperatures in shrubs and fields near Sid, a northwestern Serbian town just outside European Union s member Croatia, hoping to make another border run.  They spend nights in tents and makeshift shelters in a shrub they call - the jungle.   I have tried 30 times, I am in Serbia for 16 months, ... I am tired of sleeping in the  jungle ,  said Mudassir, dressed in a black hooded jacket. Meanwhile, other migrants, all young males, huddled outside an abandoned printing factory in the outskirts of Sid, waiting for a meal delivered by an international volunteer group, the No Name Kitchen.  The so-called Balkan route for migrants was shut last year when Turkey agreed to stop the flow in return for EU aid and a promise of visa-free travel for its own citizens. But people mainly from the Middle East, Africa and Asia continued to arrive in Serbia, mainly from Turkey, via neighboring Bulgaria, attempting to enter Croatia and the EU. According to official data there are as many as 4,500 migrants in government-operated camps in Serbia. Rights activists say that hundreds are scattered in the capital Belgrade and towns along the Croatian border.  Muhammad, 22 from the Moroccan town of Oujda, said he has tried to reach the EU 26 times. Three times he made it to Slovenia, but was caught and deported back to Serbia.  I will try again ... my family is in France and my girlfriend is in Italy,  Muhammad said. Bruno Alvares of the No Name Kitchen said migrants are given two meals a day, water, clothes, footwear and tents.   Even if it is cold, it doesn t matter, they will keep on trying because there s ... no evolution in their lives in camps,  Alvares said.  Migrants who cannot afford to pay smugglers, often hide in passing trucks and freight trains or ride on the top of them. Recently an Afghan girl was killed by a train as she and her family attempted to cross into Croatia. ",1
11827,Philippine leader declares unilateral ceasefire for Christmas,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has declared a 10-day unilateral ceasefire with communist rebels to allow Filipinos to celebrate a  stress-free  Christmas season, two weeks after peace talks with the insurgents were formally scrapped. Presidential spokesman Harry Roque said Duterte had ordered the army and police to suspend offensive operations from Dec. 24 to Jan. 2  to lessen the apprehension of the public this Christmas season . He said he expected the Maoists and their political leaders to  do a similar gesture of goodwill.  There was no immediate comment from the communist rebel movement, whose top leaders and negotiators have been living in exile in The Netherlands since the late 1980s. Duterte restarted a stalled peace process and freed several communist leaders as a gesture of good faith when he came to office last year but he recently abandoned talks due to escalating rebel attacks.  He has vented his fury on a near-daily basis at what he considers duplicity by the Communist Party of the Philippines (CPP) and its armed wing, the New People s Army (NPA). He has collectively declared them a  terrorist organization  and has ended the three-decades peace process. The rebel forces, estimated to number around 3,000, have been waging a protracted guerrilla warfare in the countryside for nearly 50 years in a conflict that has killed more than 40,000 people and stifled growth in resource-rich areas of the Philippines. The guerrillas have been targeting mines, plantations, construction and telecommunication companies, demanding  revolutionary taxation  to finance arms purchases and recruitment activities. Duterte on Tuesday night said he only wanted Filipinos to celebrate a  stress-free  Christmas.  I do not want to add more strain to what people are now suffering,  he told reporters. ",1
11828,"Serbian, Croatian police detain 17 for smuggling migrants to EU","BELGRADE (Reuters) - In a joint sting, Serbian and Croatian police have detained 17 people suspected of smuggling dozens of migrants into the European Union, Serbia s Interior Ministry said on Wednesday. Serbia was at the center of the migrant crisis in 2015 and 2016 when hundreds of thousands of people fleeing wars and poverty in the Middle East and Asia journeyed up through the Balkans to reach the European Union. That route was effectively closed last year, but a steady trickle of migrants, arriving mainly from Turkey via neighboring Bulgaria, has continued. Many migrants use smugglers to reach the EU. In a statement, the Interior Ministry said the group detained in Belgrade and four northern towns comprised 12 Serbians and one Afghan man. The police in neighboring Croatia have detained four more suspects, it said.  It is suspected that this criminal group facilitated the illegal crossing of the border and transit ... to a total of 82 migrants from Afghanistan, Iran and Iraq, from whom they took 1,500 euros ($1,800) per person,  it said.  Official data show there are up to 4,500 migrants stranded in government-operated camps in Serbia. Rights activists say hundreds more are scattered in the capital Belgrade and towns along the Croatian border.  ($1 = 0.8442 euros) ",1
11829,Man accused of plotting to kill British PM May to face trial in June,"LONDON (Reuters) - A man accused of plotting to kill British Prime Minister Theresa May will go on trial next June for five weeks, a London court said on Wednesday. Naa imur Rahman, 20, of north London, is accused of planning to detonate an explosive device at the gates of Downing Street to gain access to May s office and kill her in the ensuing chaos. He appeared at London s Old Bailey central criminal court, charged with preparing to commit acts of terrorism, and was remanded in custody. ",1
11830,Germany would back Brussels if it opens proceedings against Poland,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany would support the European Commission if it opens proceedings against Poland over legal reforms there, a spokesman for the German government said on Wednesday.  If it comes to the decision we will support it,  Steffen Seibert said. Western European Union peers, the bloc s executive Commission, opposition in Poland and democracy advocates say reforms undermine court independence by putting them under more direct government control. ",1
11831,Alleged UK plotter who posted photo of Prince George to face trial in April,"LONDON (Reuters) - A British man accused of posting a picture of four-year-old Prince George and the address of his London school as part of a series of possible targets for Islamist militants will face trial from April 30, a London court said on Wednesday. Husnain Rashid, 31, is accused of posting information on the Telegram messaging service to encourage jihadis to carry out attacks, along with information to help them with possible targets such as sports venues. He appeared at London s Old Bailey central criminal court charged with preparing acts of terrorism, and was remanded in custody. His four-week trial will take place at Woolwich Crown Court in south London. ",1
11832,"Too late, Theresa: Brexit offer to EU citizens leaves many cold","LONDON (Reuters) - Back from Brussels with a hard-fought Brexit deal, Prime Minister Theresa May wrote an open letter to the three million citizens of other European Union states living in Britain.  I know our country would be poorer if you left and I want you to stay,  she wrote after striking the initial agreement, which promises to secure their British residency rights after Brexit and allows the negotiations to move onto trade relations. But for some EU nationals - who have endured uncertainty over their rights since the Brexit vote in June 2016, not to mention an unpleasant feeling that many Britons do not want them around - May s Dec. 8 deal is too little, too late. It s too late to keep German nurse Daniela Jones in the chronically short-staffed National Health Service (NHS), where she worked for 35 years. It s too late for French psychotherapist Baya Salmon-Hawk, who after 40 years in Britain has moved to Ireland to remain in the EU. It s too late for French accountant Nathalie Duran, who is planning early retirement in France because after 31 years as a taxpayer in Britain she objects to being told she has to pay a fee and fill in forms to be granted a new  settled status .  I will have to regretfully decline your generous offer for settled status and oblige your lovely countrymen s wishes and go home,  she wrote on Facebook in a response to May laden with irony. Duran told Reuters that the prime minister s  late outpouring of love  for EU citizens, after years of tough talk on the need to cut immigration, could not mask negative attitudes towards immigrants unleashed by the Brexit vote.  I think it s turning ugly,  said 56-year-old Duran.  It s now OK to say  go home foreigners .  EU citizens, particularly those from the poorer eastern member states such as Poland and Romania, have complained of increasing hostility from some Britons. They find themselves accused of stealing jobs from Britons and driving down wages, even though unemployment is at a four-decade low, or of overburdening health services as patients, even though many help to provide them by working for the NHS. Official figures show hate crimes in Britain surged by the highest amount on record last year, with the Brexit vote a significant factor. The impact of Brexit on EU citizens in Britain is a serious concern for sectors of the economy that rely heavily on European workers, such as hospitality, construction, agriculture, care for the elderly and the cherished NHS. Britain won t leave the bloc until March 2019, but many EU nationals are already voting with their feet. In the 12 months following the referendum, 123,000 of them left Britain, a 29 percent year-on-year increase. They were still outnumbered by the 230,000 EU citizens who arrived to live in Britain in the same period, although that figure was down 19 percent on the previous year.  Not everyone is making plans to go: 28,500 EU citizens applied for British citizenship in the 12 months after the referendum, an 80 percent year-on-year jump. With personal and professional roots often running deep, many more have applied for permanent residence documents. UK citizenship would be an option for nurse Jones, 61, who moved to England from Munich just before her 18th birthday. That was in 1974, the year after Britain joined what is now the EU. Today she has a grown-up British son and a British husband. But as a point of principle she cannot see why she should apply for something she never needed in the past.   Despite my enormous love for Britain, I do not feel that I am British,  was how she put it in a letter to Ruth Deech, a pro-Brexit member of parliament s House of Lords, sent in February to lobby her on the EU citizens  rights issue. In a one-line response to the long, impassioned letter, which made clear Jones had worked for 35 years in the state NHS, Deech said she should have applied for UK citizenship. Jones replied it had never been necessary and explained that she was already a dual German and U.S. national through her German mother and her American father, a serviceman in the U.S. army who was posted to Germany in the 1950s. Deech sent another one-liner:  You sought U.S. citizenship - presumably you could have shown the same commitment to this country.  Jones was dismayed by that response, which in her eyes lacked understanding and respect. She began to think she needed to look after her own interests better. A few months later, she quit her NHS job at a doctors  office in Yateley, a small town southwest of London. She is now re-training as a foot and ear care specialist and plans to work privately.  I still like looking after people but I want to do it on my own terms,  she told Reuters.  It s time to get out. Work for myself, start a little business.  Jones wrote to Deech again, saying:  I have now freed up a British job for a British worker.  This time she got no response. Deech declined an interview request from Reuters, but said in an emailed response to questions that obtaining a British passport  might be a good idea for any EU citizen who is (probably needlessly) concerned . French national Baya Salmon-Hawk, 61, initially reacted to the Brexit vote by trying to make sure her residency rights were not under threat. Having lived in England for 40 years, had her son there, owned a home, worked in a variety of jobs and paid taxes, she thought that should be straightforward. But when she made inquiries about a permanent residence permit she had obtained in 1977, she was told this was no longer valid and she would have to re-apply by filling an 85-page form and providing lots of documents, including details of every time she had left the country and returned, stretching back years. Besides, Salmon-Hawk was struggling to adjust to the new reality. Having believed previously that she was integrated into British society, she felt unwelcome for the first time.  I just don t understand what s happened to the UK,  she said.  I became quite easily upset by all this and I didn t want to live like that anymore.  She and her 74-year-old wife Audrey Evelyn, who is British, decided to leave. They sold their house in a village north of London, and in July this year they moved to County Kilkenny in Ireland, where Evelyn has family ties. At times, Salmon-Hawk has wondered if they made the right decision.  I may have made a foolish mistake. I have woken up in the middle of the night in a state of panic,  she said. But she is starting a new venture as a professional story-teller at Hook Lighthouse on the southeast coast of Ireland, telling visitors tales from Irish history.  I thought I was done, I was settled, and I m not. I m having a new adventure.  ",1
11833,EU seeks to end Brexit transition no later than end: 2020,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union wants a transition period after Brexit to end no later than Dec. 31, 2020, according to the European Commission s negotiating directives agreed on Wednesday.  The transitional arrangements should apply as from the date of entry into force of the Withdrawal Agreement and should not last beyond 31 December 2020,  the published text showed.  Coinciding with the end of the EU s current seven-year budget period, the end of 2020, 21 months after Brexit at the end of March 2019, had long been expected as the target end date of the transition but this was the first official confirmation that this is the official goal of the Union negotiators. British Prime Minister Theresa May had formally asked for a transition to last around two years. The four pages of new directives for EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier were in line with guidelines issued by EU leaders at a summit on Friday and will form the basis of talks on the transition which Barnier hopes to start next month. They spell out that Britain will be effectively still a member of EU institutions, bound by all their rules including new ones, while not having a say in their making. The EU will also offer Britain a non-voting place at some meetings where decisions may affect specific issues and will set up special arrangements for a UK role in setting annual EU fishing quotas. The directives also spell out more clearly that EU treaties with other countries and international organizations will no longer apply to Britain during the transition period. However, the document adds:  Where it is in the interest of the Union, the Union may consider whether and how arrangements can be agreed that would maintain the effects of the agreements as regards the United Kingdom during the transition period.  This has been important to Britain since it could mean that it no longer benefits automatically from free trade agreements which the EU has with, say, Canada or South Korea, while, as the directives underline, it would still have to apply EU trade policy   for example collecting EU customs duty at UK ports. Among elements spelled out more in the transition directives than in the leaders  guidelines last week was a repetition of a previously agreed EU position that everything applying to Brexit for Britain would also apply to other British territories. Brussels has previously said the Spanish government must agree any future arrangements with Britain that affect the British territory of Gibraltar on Spain s southern coast. ",1
11834,Rights group calls on Japan to take stronger stance over arrests of journalists in Myanmar,"TOKYO (Reuters) - A Tokyo-based non-governmental organization, Human Rights Now, on Wednesday called on the Japanese government to take a stronger stance over the arrests of two Reuters journalists detained in Myanmar last week.  Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono on Tuesday said freedom of the press was vital and that Japan was closely monitoring the situation, but he did not call for the journalists  release. Human Rights Now Secretary-General Kazuko Ito told Reuters that Japan should send a stronger message about the arrests.  Ito said that by not joining in international calls for the journalists  release, Japan might be sending a message that it was ok for the Myanmar government to violate human rights.  Therefore, I would like (the government of Japan) to exercise care in its comments and clearly express astance of standing together with those who are victims of humanrights violations,  she told Reuters. Asked about Ito s remarks, Japan s top government spokesman said Tokyo had already conveyed its concerns to Myanmar.  I will refrain from details but the government has already directly conveyed its concerns regarding this incident to the government of Myanmar,   Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a news conference.  Japan typically shies away from outspoken public comments  about human rights issues overseas, preferring to focus on quiet diplomacy.  Japan is one of Myanmar s biggest foreign aid donors, where it vies for influence with China, Myanmar s largest trading partner. Japan said last year it would provide aid worth 800 billion yen ($7 billion) to Myanmar over five years. Human Rights Now is a well-known group in Japan. It has a membership of over 700 individuals and organizations, including lawyers, with a presence in Tokyo and Osaka in Japan as well as New York, Geneva and Myanmar, its website says, and has had United Nations special consultative status since 2012. The Reuters journalists were arrested after they were invited to dine with police officers on the evening of Dec. 12 on the outskirts of Myanmar s largest city, Yangon.  They had worked on Reuters coverage of a crisis that has seen an estimated 655,000 Rohingya Muslims flee from a fierce military crackdown in the western state of Rakhine following attacks by militants. A spokesman for Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi said on Wednesday he had been informed that the police had almost completed their investigation of the journalists, after which a court case against them would begin. Authorities have been investigating whether the journalists violated the country s colonial-era Official Secrets Act, which carries a maximum prison sentence of 14 years.  A number of governments, including the United States, Canada and Britain, and United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres, have criticized the arrests as an attack on press freedom and called on Myanmar to release the two men.  The detention of journalists reporting on such critical matters to the public interest is an egregious attack on freedom of the press in Myanmar that will severely undermine the ability of journalists to conduct their legitimate work without fear of reprisal,  Human Rights Now said in a statement, in which it called for the journalists  immediate release and the end to proceedings against them. ",1
11835,Afghanistan political turmoil deepens as regional leader ousted,"KABUL (Reuters) - One of the main parties behind Afghanistan s Western-backed government warned President Ashraf Ghani that it could withdraw its support unless he reversed the dismissal of one of its most powerful regional governors this week. The warning from the Jamiat-e Islami party came after Ghani removed Atta Mohammad Noor as governor of Balkh, a strategic northern province bordering Afghanistan s Central Asian neighbors Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan and Tajikistan. Describing the dismissal as a  unilateral decision  by Ghani, Jamiat s leadership called into question the legitimacy of the unity government formed after a disputed presidential election of 2014.  If the presidential palace does not reconsider its one-sided action which is misusing the presence of the international community, Jamiat-e Islami will nullify the national unity government agreement and will employ all options to defend the legitimate rights of the people,  the party leadership said in a statement. The man named as Atta Noor s replacement, Mohammad Daoud, also from Jamiat, said he would not take up the position until the situation had been resolved.  I want to stay out of it for now,  he told Reuters. The standoff adds to an already clouded political climate in Afghanistan, where the United States has announced a stepped-up military effort to break a stalemate with the Taliban and force a settlement to 16 years of conflict. Long-delayed parliamentary elections, officially scheduled for next year, are now in doubt and an array of political leaders both inside and outside the government are positioning themselves ahead of a presidential election in 2019. Ghani s government retains strong international backing but has faced increasing pressure from opposition groups and debilitating tension within its ranks between allies of Ghani and government Chief Executive Abdullah Abdullah, a senior Jamiat leader. However, Jamiat is itself divided and it remains unclear what approach will be taken by Abdullah, who was Ghani s rival in 2014 before taking the specially created post of chief executive in a U.S.-brokered power-sharing deal. Abdullah, who has regularly clashed with Atta Noor, has made no public comment on his dismissal. The move to oust Atta Noor, one of a group of powerful regional strongmen, followed calls from politicians including former President Hamid Karzai for a loya jirga, or grand assembly of elders and political leaders to discuss the future of the government. This month, Atta Noor was prevented from attending a meeting in the southern city of Khandahar to discuss the loya jirga proposal. As the political uncertainty has deepened, tension between Pashtuns and ethnic Tajiks, Afghanistan s two largest ethnic groups, as well as others including ethnic Uzbeks and the mainly Shi ite Hazara minority, have worsened. Many in Jamiat, a mainly northern, ethnic Tajik party, see Ghani as a Pashtun nationalist bent on concentrating power in his own office while Jamiat s own opponents see the party as a base for old-style warlords who undermine national unity. ",1
11836,Desperate Venezuelans peddle wares door-to-door in Colombia to survive,"CUCUTA, Colombia (Reuters) - Thousands of impoverished Venezuelans are crossing the border to Colombia every day to sell cheap basics, from oranges to candles, in a desperate attempt to earn hard currency amid their country s worsening economic collapse. The porous roughly 2,220-kilometer (1,380-mile) frontier for years has been rife with smuggling due to the massive differences in prices on either side due to controls imposed by Venezuela s socialist government.  But in the past three months there has been a spike in Venezuelans migrating to the border area and spending their days going door-to-door trying to sell low-cost goods in Colombia.  Hundreds of vendors are sleeping in the streets of the Venezuelan border town of San Antonio, while the surge in hawkers on the Colombian side is stoking anger among local shopkeepers.  Albert Rodriguez, 22, spends his nights on a plastic sheet in the streets of San Antonio since moving from Venezuela s inland agricultural state of Lara a month ago. He sells coffee in Colombia, but still has not been able to send money home to help his newborn daughter.   It s tough because there are so many Venezuelans. I feel like crying because I am so impotent,  said Rodriguez, who said he hopes to eventually migrate to central Colombia where he thinks job prospects will be better.  The flood of vendors is evidence of how a fourth year of recession - which has fomented malnutrition, disease and violent crime - is tearing Venezuela s social fabric apart.  It also highlights that Colombia, already home to the most Venezuelan migrants in South America, remains particularly vulnerable to the crisis.  The Colombian government did not respond to a request for comment.  Come daybreak, Venezuelan hawkers jostle for hours to get a spot on a bus traveling to the Colombian border. They then cross the teeming frontier on foot, many silently praying that the National Guard will not demand payment to let them through with their goods.  Once safely in Cucuta, the vendors disperse on different buses that take them across the Colombian border city. In the low-income hillside neighborhood of La Libertad, around a hundred Venezuelans rang doorbells offering mayonnaise, insecticide, cereal boxes and more.  Sales are often brisk. Prices are roughly half those in Colombian stores due to Venezuela s depreciated bolivar currency.  Some worried Colombian shopkeepers are demanding the border be closed to protect their businesses. Colombians also at times fret that the influx of Venezuelan vendors could lead to crime.  Marlon Carrillo, a 21-year-old Venezuelan who abandoned university studies to start selling fruit in Colombia three months ago, said some locals slammed doors in his face out of fear.   It s hard to pay for the sins of others,  said Carrillo, who crisscrosses Cucuta for eight hours a day selling the lemons, strawberries, bananas and pineapples he crams into his backpack.   I want to progress and study but I have to work. I m not going to let my family die of hunger,  said Carrillo, who is supporting his three nephews after his sister died of bone marrow failure.  ",1
11837,Russia working on defensive measures to counter possible new U.S. sanctions: Kremlin,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia is working on defensive measures to prepare for possible new sanctions from the United States and other countries, the Kremlin said on Wednesday. U.S. President Donald Trump signed into law a new package of sanctions in August drafted by U.S. lawmakers. One of the provisions asked the U.S. Treasury Secretary to submit a report on the impact of expanding sanctions to cover Russian sovereign debt, with an outcome expected as early as February. U.S. and EU sanctions imposed over Russia s 2014 annexation of Ukraine s Crimea, and its support for pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine, remain in place. But U.S. allegations that Moscow interfered in last year s U.S. presidential election, something Russia denies, have spurred calls for more sanctions.   On Wednesday, the Kremlin was asked to comment on media reports that Russian state development bank VEB planned to transfer its Globex bank to the state and about speculation that the bank would then be used to service the military industrial complex to try to protect Russia from new sanctions.  We are working on and taking measures aimed at defending our interests against a backdrop of possible new restrictive actions and sanctions by various countries, which we continue to deem unlawful,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told a conference call with reporters. He did not mention Globex bank.  It would probably not be right now to make public or disclose all these measures aimed at hedging our risks,  Peskov said.  ",1
11838,U.S. President Trump to visit Britain in February: Daily Mail,"LONDON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump plans to visit Britain in February to open the new U.S. embassy in London but will not meet Queen Elizabeth, the Daily Mail newspaper reported on Wednesday. Trump s planned visit to Britain has proved controversial since Prime Minister Theresa May invited him for a state visit, which typically involves lavish pageantry and events hosted by the queen. However nearly 2 million people have signed a petition saying Trump should not be invited because it  would cause embarrassment  to the queen, and protests could be expected to greet the U.S. leader. The Daily Mail cited a source in Westminster as saying Trump had told May during a call on Tuesday that he planned a working visit to Britain to open the new embassy, a billion-dollar building which overlooks the River Thames, in late February.  A spokesman for May s Downing Street office declined to comment on the report. He said the position on the state visit had not changed. An offer had been extended but no dates have been arranged.  May originally invited Trump to visit by the end of 2017.  Britain regards its close ties with Washington as a  special relationship  and a pillar of its foreign policy as it prepares to leave the European Union. However the ties have been strained in recent months, most recently when Trump sparked outrage by rebuking May on Twitter after she criticized him for retweeting British far-right anti-Islam videos. ",1
11839,"U.N. decries Israel's killing of Gaza amputee, Israel denies he was targeted","GENEVA (Reuters) - A senior U.N. official said on Tuesday that Israel s killing of a disabled Palestinian man protesting against U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital was  incomprehensible , but Israel said he had not been targeted. A statement issued by Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein, the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights, said wheelchair-bound Ibrahim Abu Thurayeh was shot in the head by Israeli security forces close to the border fence with Israel on Friday. But the Israeli military said its own investigation had found that it was not possible to say what had killed Abu Thurayeh and that no live fire had been directed at him during the dispersal of the violent demonstration.  No live fire was aimed at Abu Thurayeh. It is impossible to determine whether Abu Thurayeh was injured as a result of riot dispersal means, or what caused his death,  part of the military statement said. It added that protesters hurled explosive devices and rocks and rolled burning tyres  with the aim of harming soldiers and destroying security infrastructure  and that non-lethal riot dispersal means were mainly used, although a few live rounds fired under supervision were aimed  towards main instigators.  Zeid said there was nothing to suggest Abu Thurayeh was posing an imminent threat when he was killed and  the facts gathered so far by my staff in Gaza strongly suggest that the force used against (him) was excessive.    Given his severe disability, which must have been clearly visible to those who shot him, his killing is incomprehensible   a truly shocking and wanton act,  Zeid s statement said. The Israeli military statement said  numerous requests  for information on Abu Thurayeh s wounds had not been answered and that  if additional details are received, they will be examined and studied.  Gaza medical officials said on Friday that Israeli troops had shot dead four people, including Abu Thurayeh, and that 150 others were wounded by live fire during the protests. Most of the casualties were on the Gaza Strip border. In the West Bank, the Israeli military said about 2,500 Palestinians took part in riots against soldiers and border police officers. Abu Thurayeh, 29, was a regular at such demonstrations. In media interviews, he had said he had lost both his legs in a 2008 Israeli missile strike in Gaza. Zeid s statement said the Israeli response had resulted in five people being killed, including three deaths in Gaza, as well as more than 220 injured by live ammunition.  International law strictly regulates the use of force in the context of protests and demonstrations, and the lethal use of firearms should only be employed as the last resort when strictly unavoidable in order to protect life, Zeid said. Trump s announcement on Jerusalem infuriated the Arab world and upset Western allies. The status of the city has been one of the biggest obstacles to a peace agreement between Israel and the Palestinians for generations. Israel considers all of Jerusalem to be its capital. Palestinians want the eastern part of the city as the capital of a future independent state of their own.  These events ... can sadly be traced directly back to the unilateral U.S. announcement on the status of Jerusalem, which breaks international consensus and was dangerously provocative,  Zeid said, calling for an independent investigation into the casualties. ",1
11840,South Korea 'fired 249 warning shots' to fend off Chinese fishing boats,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea s coast guard said it fired 249 warning shots over a  group of Chinese fishing boats  swarming around  one of its patrol ships in South Korean waters, prompting a call for restraint from Beijing.  South Korean coast guard vessels regularly chase Chinese boats suspected of fishing illegally in South Korean waters, at times sparking violent confrontations, complicating a relationship which is key to efforts to try to rein in North Korea s nuclear and missile programs. A fleet of 44 Chinese fishing boats fortified with iron bars and steel mesh on Tuesday began to rush the patrol boat which broadcast warnings to steer clear, the coast guard said.  The coast guard vessel fired 249 shots over the boats until they retreated.   The Chinese fishing boats sought to swarm around and collide with our patrol ship, ignoring the broadcast warnings,  the coast guard said in a statement.  China, which has in the past lodged diplomatic protests with South Korea over the use of force by its coast guard, expressed  serious concern  about the reports.   We hope that South Korea appropriately handles the relevant issue and in the course of law enforcement takes no extreme actions that endanger people s safety,  foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying told reporters in Beijing.  Seoul s foreign ministry said the coast guard followed domestic law in its use of weapons in a  legitimate step  against the boats which made a  mass violation of the country s waters for illegal fishing . In September last year, three Chinese fishermen were killed in a fire on their boat when a South Korean coast guard crew trying to apprehend them for illegal fishing threw flash grenades into a room where they were hiding, according to the South Korean coast guard.  A month later, two Chinese fishing boats illegally fishing in South Korean waters crashed into and sank a coast guard vessel, the coast guard officials said. ",1
11841,South Korean inbound travel agency says China bans group tours to South,"SEOUL (Reuters) - China has resumed its ban on group tours into South Korea, South Korea s inbound travel agency said on Wednesday, an issue that erupted last year as part of China s retaliation over the South s deployment of a U.S. anti-missile system.  I was told from my boss this morning that our Chinese partners (based in Beijing and Shandong) said they won t send group tourists to South Korea as of January,  the official from Naeil Tour Agency told Reuters by phone. The move was probably due to visa refusals by Chinese authorities, the official said. The move came despite South Korean President Moon Jae-in s recent visit to China, which showed some signs of a thaw in relations since the row over the anti-missile system broke out last year. ",1
11842,"Too late, Theresa - Brexit offer to EU citizens leaves many cold","LONDON (Reuters) - Back from Brussels with a hard-fought Brexit deal, Prime Minister Theresa May wrote an open letter to the three million citizens of other European Union states living in Britain.  I know our country would be poorer if you left and I want you to stay,  she wrote after striking the initial agreement, which promises to secure their British residency rights after Brexit and allows the negotiations to move onto trade relations. But for some EU nationals - who have endured uncertainty over their rights since the Brexit vote in June 2016, not to mention an unpleasant feeling that many Britons do not want them around - May s Dec. 8 deal is too little, too late. It s too late to keep German nurse Daniela Jones in the chronically short-staffed National Health Service (NHS), where she worked for 35 years. It s too late for French psychotherapist Baya Salmon-Hawk, who after 40 years in Britain has moved to Ireland to remain in the EU. It s too late for French accountant Nathalie Duran, who is planning early retirement in France because after 31 years as a taxpayer in Britain she objects to being told she has to pay a fee and fill in forms to be granted a new  settled status .  I will have to regretfully decline your generous offer for settled status and oblige your lovely countrymen s wishes and go home,  she wrote on Facebook in a response to May laden with irony. Duran told Reuters that the prime minister s  late outpouring of love  for EU citizens, after years of tough talk on the need to cut immigration, could not mask negative attitudes towards immigrants unleashed by the Brexit vote.  I think it s turning ugly,  said 56-year-old Duran.  It s now OK to say  go home foreigners .  EU citizens, particularly those from the poorer eastern member states such as Poland and Romania, have complained of increasing hostility from some Britons. They find themselves accused of stealing jobs from Britons and driving down wages, even though unemployment is at a four-decade low, or of overburdening health services as patients, even though many help to provide them by working for the NHS. Official figures show hate crimes in Britain surged by the highest amount on record last year, with the Brexit vote a significant factor. The impact of Brexit on EU citizens in Britain is a serious concern for sectors of the economy that rely heavily on European workers, such as hospitality, construction, agriculture, care for the elderly and the cherished NHS. Britain won t leave the bloc until March 2019, but many EU nationals are already voting with their feet. In the 12 months following the referendum, 123,000 of them left Britain, a 29 percent year-on-year increase. They were still outnumbered by the 230,000 EU citizens who arrived to live in Britain in the same period, although that figure was down 19 percent on the previous year.  Not everyone is making plans to go: 28,500 EU citizens applied for British citizenship in the 12 months after the referendum, an 80 percent year-on-year jump. With personal and professional roots often running deep, many more have applied for permanent residence documents. UK citizenship would be an option for nurse Jones, 61, who moved to England from Munich just before her 18th birthday. That was in 1974, the year after Britain joined what is now the EU. Today she has a grown-up British son and a British husband. But as a point of principle she cannot see why she should apply for something she never needed in the past.   Despite my enormous love for Britain, I do not feel that I am British,  was how she put it in a letter to Ruth Deech, a pro-Brexit member of parliament s House of Lords, sent in February to lobby her on the EU citizens  rights issue. In a one-line response to the long, impassioned letter, which made clear Jones had worked for 35 years in the state NHS, Deech said she should have applied for UK citizenship. Jones replied it had never been necessary and explained that she was already a dual German and U.S. national through her German mother and her American father, a serviceman in the U.S. army who was posted to Germany in the 1950s. Deech sent another one-liner:  You sought U.S. citizenship - presumably you could have shown the same commitment to this country.  Jones was dismayed by that response, which in her eyes lacked understanding and respect. She began to think she needed to look after her own interests better. A few months later, she quit her NHS job at a doctors  office in Yateley, a small town southwest of London. She is now re-training as a foot and ear care specialist and plans to work privately.  I still like looking after people but I want to do it on my own terms,  she told Reuters.  It s time to get out. Work for myself, start a little business.  Jones wrote to Deech again, saying:  I have now freed up a British job for a British worker.  This time she got no response. Deech declined an interview request from Reuters, but said in an emailed response to questions that obtaining a British passport  might be a good idea for any EU citizen who is (probably needlessly) concerned . French national Baya Salmon-Hawk, 61, initially reacted to the Brexit vote by trying to make sure her residency rights were not under threat. Having lived in England for 40 years, had her son there, owned a home, worked in a variety of jobs and paid taxes, she thought that should be straightforward. But when she made inquiries about a permanent residence permit she had obtained in 1977, she was told this was no longer valid and she would have to re-apply by filling an 85-page form and providing lots of documents, including details of every time she had left the country and returned, stretching back years. Besides, Salmon-Hawk was struggling to adjust to the new reality. Having believed previously that she was integrated into British society, she felt unwelcome for the first time.  I just don t understand what s happened to the UK,  she said.  I became quite easily upset by all this and I didn t want to live like that anymore.  She and her 74-year-old wife Audrey Evelyn, who is British, decided to leave. They sold their house in a village north of London, and in July this year they moved to County Kilkenny in Ireland, where Evelyn has family ties. At times, Salmon-Hawk has wondered if they made the right decision.  I may have made a foolish mistake. I have woken up in the middle of the night in a state of panic,  she said. But she is starting a new venture as a professional story-teller at Hook Lighthouse on the southeast coast of Ireland, telling visitors tales from Irish history.  I thought I was done, I was settled, and I m not. I m having a new adventure.  ",1
11843,Beijing condemns Taiwan probe into tiny pro-China opposition party,"BEIJING/TAIPEI (Reuters) - China has condemned a Taiwan government probe into a tiny but passionately pro-China opposition party, the latest flashpoint between Beijing and a self-ruled island it considers its own. Taiwanese investigators searched the homes of four officials from the New Party, which currently has no members of parliament, on Tuesday on suspicion they had violated the National Security Act.  A New Party delegation, including at least one of those whose homes was raided, party spokesman Wang Ping-chung, visited China last week as part of a scheduled trip to meet China s policy-making Taiwan Affairs Office. The New Party has denounced the raids as politically motivated and retribution for their opposition to Taiwan independence and support for union with China.  Taiwanese prosecutors and the government have not given details of what the party members are suspected of. Unlike in China, where the legal system is controlled by the ruling Communist Party, democratic Taiwan has an independent judiciary.  Taiwan media has reported that the case could be linked to that of Chinese citizen Zhou Hongxu, jailed by a Taiwan court in September for breaching national security laws. Speaking to reporters in Taipei on Wednesday, New Party spokesman Wang Ping-chung said he knew Zhou, and that Zhou had attended party events held in the past.   In 2014, when I successfully became a representative of the party, he came to an event to offer his support. Later he participated in our organization events so we of course know him.    In a short statement released late on Tuesday, China s Taiwan Affairs Office praised the New Party for its stance in opposing Taiwan independence and upholding the  one China  principle, which states that Taiwan is part of China.   Recently, the Taiwan authorities have shielded and connived with Taiwan independent splittists, and taken various moves to wantonly crack down on and persecute forces and people who uphold peaceful reunification,  it said.  We strongly condemn this and are paying close attention to developments,  the office said. The New Party broke off from the Nationalists, who once ruled all of China, in 1993. Defeated Nationalist forces fled to Taiwan in 1949 after losing a civil war with the Communists. Relations between China and Taiwan have soured since Tsai Ing-wen of the pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party won presidential elections last year. China suspects she wants to push for Taiwan s formal independence. Tsai says she wants to maintain peace with China but will defend Taiwan s security. The Chinese military has stepped up air force patrols around Taiwan in recent weeks. China has never renounced the use of force to bring what it considers a wayward province under Chinese control. ",1
11844,Thailand seeks air safety rating upgrade by U.S. aviation body,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thailand aims to get its air safety rating upgraded by the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) by March, the country s transport minister said on Wednesday, after the FAA downgraded the rating in December 2015.  Thailand s Department of Civil Aviation (DCA) was downgraded to Category 2 from 1 because it fell short of the FAA s standards.  We aim to be restored back to Category 1 by March,  Transport Minister Arkom Termpittayapaisith told reporters.  Arkom s comment came three months after the United Nations International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) removed a red flag against Thailand over safety concerns in October.  He said Thailand will speed up its inspection of pilot qualifications and aim to have more aviation personnel and qualified pilots to be considered for the safety ratings upgrade.  Bangkok is a regional airline hub and Thailand targeted a record 33 million to 34 million tourist arrivals this year. ",1
11845,Vietnam to prosecute another former oil executive over mismanagement,"HANOI (Reuters) - Vietnam police on Wednesday ordered the prosecution of a former executive at scandal-hit state energy company PetroVietnam over financial losses, the latest move in a high-level corruption crackdown that has seen a politburo member arrested.  Phung Dinh Thuc, a former chairman of PetroVietnam, will be prosecuted for alleged  violation of state regulations on economic management, causing serious consequences  while he was in charge of a PetroVietnam solar power plant project, the Ministry of Public Security said in a statement posted online.      Thuc is one of two officials that Vietnamese state media had earlier this month reported would be prosecuted. Vietnam s state-run news agency later apologized for issuing what it said was a false report on the prosecution of the two. Thuc was not available for comment. PetroVietnam did not immediately respond to a Reuters request for comment.  PetroVietnam is at the center of a high-level corruption crackdown. Former PetroVietnam chairman and also a former member of the communist state s politburo, Dinh La Thang, 56, was the most senior executive arrested in the scandal.  Police have said they are investigating alleged violations of state rules at PetroVietnam that resulted in an 800 billion dong ($35 million) loss for local lender Ocean Bank. On Tuesday, the security ministry said Phan Dinh Duc, a member of PetroVietnam s board of directors, would face prosecution over financial losses.  The corruption crackdown made global headlines in August when Germany accused Vietnam of kidnapping Trinh Xuan Thanh, a former chairman of PetroVietnam s construction unit, after he applied for asylum in Berlin. Vietnam has denied kidnapping Thanh and has said he turned himself in. The Communist Party has said Thanh will go on trial in January.  ",1
11846,Mexico recognizes Honduran president as winner of disputed election,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico recognized Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez on Tuesday as the winner of last month s election, just days after the Organization of American States called for a fresh vote to dispel widespread allegations of fraud. The statement by Mexico, an important player in Central America, strengthened the position of Hernandez, who declared himself president-elect on Tuesday. It could pave the way for more countries, including the United States, to weigh in the incumbent s favor.  Mexico respectfully calls for the democratic institutions, the political forces and the people of Honduras, in a mark of respect and agreement, to definitively conclude this electoral process,  the foreign ministry said in a statement.  Mexico s announcement was brokered in coordination with the United States, two sources who spoke on condition of anonymity said. The presidents of Guatemala and Colombia had recognized Hernandez, a staunch U.S. ally.  The Mexican foreign ministry did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The statement was requested by Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray, one of the sources said. Honduras  ambassador in Mexico was alerted of the move on Monday. The embassy did not immediately respond to request for comment.  It is likely to enrage the center-left opposition, led by TV star Salvador Nasralla, who has accused Hernandez of stealing the election, sparking violent nationwide protests. The General Secretariat of the OAS on Sunday said the election was plagued with irregularities and should be redone to meet democratic standards. ",1
11847,Who killed U.N. experts in Congo? Confidential prosecutor's file offers clues,"DAKAR (Reuters) - U.N. investigators Zaida Catalan and Michael Sharp were on familiar ground when they sat down with local leaders in central Congo in March to discuss a widening seven-month-old conflict in the area. The pair   experienced members of a panel monitoring the sanctions regime in Democratic Republic of Congo for the U.N. Security Council   were meeting members of the Kamuina Nsapu, a local clan, on the sidelines of peace talks with the government in the city of Kananga.  Among other things, they discussed plans to visit the village of Bunkonde, the site of violent clashes, the next day. The two U.N. workers left Kananga on the morning of March 12. On March 27, their bodies were found in a shallow grave. Catalan had been decapitated. Congolese government officials maintained for months to reporters that no state agents were involved in the killings and that they did not know that the two experts were in the region, let alone heading to Bunkonde. But at least one person who helped organize the trip, Jose Tshibuabua, worked for Congo s intelligence service, the Agence Nationale de Renseignements (ANR), Reuters and Radio France Internationale (RFI) have learned. The trial of a dozen suspected Kamuina Nsapu militia members started in June but was suspended in October pending the arrival in Congo of four U.N. experts last month to assist with additional investigations.  Phone logs in a confidential prosecutor s case file compiled for the trial and seen by Reuters and RFI, who jointly reported this story, show that Tshibuabua had frequent contact with a local ANR boss, Luc Albert Tanga Sakrine, before and after the two experts were killed.  Two security sources said that case file was given to a U.N. board of inquiry that concluded militiamen were likely responsible for the killings of Sharp, 34, an American, and Catalan, 36, a Swede. Tshibuabua and his ties to the ANR were not mentioned in the board s confidential report to the U.N. Security Council or in the trial, however.  The board said it was unable to establish a motive for state actors to have been involved. But the two experts were conducting investigations in an area where the United Nations has accused Congo s military of using excessive force against militia and civilians and of digging mass graves. The top ANR official in Congo, Kalev Mutond, told Reuters and RFI that Tshibuabua was working as a  volunteer informant  for the agency at the time of the meeting, but did not inform ANR officials about his contacts with the two experts. Since the trial of the militiamen was suspended, Tshibuabua was arrested and charged last week with the murder of Catalan and Sharp and participation in an insurrection, his lawyer, Tresor Kabangu, told Reuters. Kabangu said his client denies the charges and has not worked for the ANR in more than a year. Government spokesman Lambert Mende now says that authorities have not excluded the possibility that state agents were involved.   If there is a state agent who was involved, he will be pursued and judged,  Mende said on Dec. 1 after Reuters and RFI laid out the contents of the case file and phone logs. The U.N. board s chairman, Greg Starr, declined to say if he had seen the prosecutor s file or was aware of its contents.  In an emailed answer to questions, Starr said only that the board s report had a tight deadline and did not include some sensitive information, which was turned over to authorities in the United States and Sweden, because of concerns about leaks.  A thorough criminal investigation into a heinous act like this, under these circumstances, could not be accomplished in only three months,  he said. Congo s top military prosecutor, Joseph Ponde, declined to respond to questions about why Tshibuabua s involvement was not raised in the trial, except to say the proceedings are public.  Tanga Sakrine declined to comment. President Joseph Kabila s deputy chief of staff, Jean-Pierre Kambila, also declined to comment, citing the ongoing trial.      Ties between the United Nations and Congo can be tense, with authorities often accusing the world body of meddling in their sovereign affairs. The U.N. peacekeeping mission, deployed in 1999 to monitor a cease-fire in a long-running war in the east, is the world s largest with about 18,000 uniformed personnel.  Catalan and Sharp were investigating a new conflict in the central Kasai region. In August 2016, Kamuina Nsapu militiamen in the area rose up to demand government forces withdraw after the local chief, Jean-Pierre Mpandi, was killed. Up to 5,000 people died in the violence.  On the weekend of March 11, a delegation of about 40 Kamuina Nsapu representatives was in Kananga to talk peace. Members of this delegation met Sharp and Catalan at the Woodland Hotel. In audio recovered from Catalan s computer by the United Nations, Tshibuabua describes himself as a Mpandi family member and helps translate from the local Tshiluba language into French for the group s leader, Francois Muamba. He does not say he works for the ANR. According to a Reuters translation, Tshibuabua and another person assured Sharp and Catalan in French that their safety would be guaranteed in Bunkonde, even as Muamba warned not to make promises they couldn t keep.  We don t know the situation over there,  Muamba said at one point. He said he did not have control of the local militia in Bunkonde.  Let s talk about (the situation) near us.  Tshibuabua continued to assure the U.N. investigators that the militiamen  will not do anything , adding later:  Here in Kasai, we really guarantee your passage.  Reuters was unable to reach Muamba for comment. The prosecutor s case file includes logs from about 20 phone numbers over various periods from early March to mid-June. One is from the phone of Tshibuabua and another is from the phone of his cousin Betu Tshintela, who accompanied Catalan and Sharp to Bunkonde as an interpreter. Tshintela claimed in a 2012 job application to the government of Kasai-Occidental province - seen by Reuters and RFI - to have also worked for the ANR. The government says Tshintela is dead but the United Nations cannot confirm that. Mutond, the top ANR official, could not confirm if Tshintela had worked for the ANR but said he was looking into it.         The phone logs show Tshibuabua was repeatedly in contact with Tanga Sakrine, the provincial ANR chief, around this time. Between March 10 and 12, the two exchanged at least 17 text messages, including five in the afternoon of March 11, shortly after the meeting at the Woodland Hotel, and five around 9 p.m. on March 12, hours after Sharp and Catalan were killed.  Mutond said he asked Tshibuabua three times in an interrogation in the capital Kinshasa whether he informed ANR officials about his contacts with the investigators, and Tshibuabua said no each time.  Reuters and RFI could not independently confirm this.  I looked Jose Tshibuabua in the eyes and asked him because I myself wanted to have a clean conscience, Mutond said. Sharp spent three years working in eastern Congo for a Mennonite peace-building organization, trying to persuade rebels to lay down their weapons, before joining the sanctions panel in 2015 as its armed groups expert. Catalan, the panel s humanitarian expert, worked for the European Union s police mission in Congo in 2011-12 and also held posts with the EU in Palestine and Afghanistan.  The phone logs show the last call from Catalan s phone was to her sister, Elizabeth Morseby, in Sweden at 4:49 p.m. Morseby told Reuters and RFI she could hear only some male voices in the background and Catalan breathing deeply before the call disconnected. No-one answered when she called back.  Some relatives and rights activists told Reuters and RFI they raised concerns early about possible government involvement because state forces were heavily implicated in rights abuses in Kasai that attracted international attention in the past.  The families and Washington want the United Nations to launch an independent investigation.     A former colleague on the U.N. panel also cast doubt on a video that the government said showed the two being executed by Kamuina Nsapu members. He said the video raised more questions than it answered, for example, why at least one of the alleged assassins gave orders in Lingala, the language of western Congo and the army, rather than the local Tshiluba. Mende, the government spokesman, countered that many Congolese speak at least some Lingala. The U.N. board noted theories of  alternate causes of the incident  but cited a lack of motive for government to be involved. It also said Sharp and Catalan failed to heed warnings from U.N. security officials that travel outside Kananga was dangerous.     The FBI has opened an investigation, according to Sharp s parents, who have met with bureau investigators. The FBI declined to comment. The Swedish prosecutor s office is investigating Catalan s killing but complained in a statement last month that Congolese officials are not cooperating. Mende said it was up to Swedish authorities to provide information to the Congolese court hearing the case, not the other way around. ",1
11848,France's Macron firms up bounce in opinion polls,"PARIS (Reuters) - French president Emmanuel Macron s popularity jumped back above 50 percent thanks in part to better ratings among the young and the working class, an opinion poll showed on Wednesday, confirming a rebound that started at the beginning of December. Macron s popularity dropped quickly after he swept to an electoral victory in May on a centrist platform, shattering a long-standing two-party system in France.  But while the former investment banker has struggled to shake off a  president of the rich  tag pinned on him by rivals for policies such as cuts in housing benefits, Macron s efforts to defend French interests abroad have helped lift his ratings.  His popularity rose above 50 percent for the first time since his election in early December, and a new poll on Wednesday, taken on Monday and Tuesday, showed the president scoring a 52 percent approval rating. That was a six-percentage-point jump from November, according to the BVA poll, carried out for Orange and La Tribune and released on the eve of Macron s 40th birthday.  As well as praising Macron s international efforts, those surveyed also highlighted that he was delivering on campaign promises, BVA said, even though some policies like a labor reform that gives employers greater freedom to hire and fire staff were deeply unpopular with many of his detractors.  The president is most popular with older voters and higher earners, but made the biggest progress in the latest poll with the young, BVA added.  Other surveys this week also confirmed Macron was making headway, although a ViaVoice poll for Liberation published on Tuesday put his popularity rating lower, at 46 percent. That was also a six-percentage-point improvement on the previous month.  An Odoxa survey gave Macron a 54 percent approval rating.  Macron s turnaround in polls comes as political rivals are scrambling to regroup and form a stronger opposition, at a time when both the left and right are deeply fragmented. The president s office recently played down attacks from some opponents over Macron s planned birthday celebrations with his family in the grounds of a former royal palace, which drew jibes about him being out of touch. ",1
11849,Mexico journalist shot dead at Christmas  celebration at son's school,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - A journalist was shot dead on Tuesday in the Mexican state of Veracruz as he attended a Christmas celebration at his son s school, the latest murder in the country s deadliest year on record for media workers. Gumaro Perez, 35, who regularly wrote about security and drug trafficking, was shot at four times and killed in the Acayucan municipality, becoming the third journalist killed in the state, and Mexico s twelfth, this year.  Perez worked for Golfo Sur and Voz del Sur, among other media organizations.  We re in shock, waiting for them to hand over the body and see what we re going to do together with his family,  said  journalists  group Asociacion de Periodistas Independientes de Acayucan, to which Perez belonged.  A lone gunman entered Perez s 6-year-old son s classroom, where the Christmas celebration was being held, and fired at Perez, the group said, citing witnesses.  Roberta Jacobson, the U.S. ambassador to Mexico, condemned Perez s death in a post on Twitter, writing that she was  outraged by the death of another brave journalist in Mexico.     You don t kill the truth by killing journalists,  she added. At least 65 media workers were killed worldwide doing their jobs this year, including 50 professional journalists the organization Reporters Without Borders said on Tuesday, adding that Mexico is one of the most dangerous places to be a journalist. [ Since 2000, at least 111 media workers have been killed in Mexico, with 38 deaths since Enrique Pena Nieto became president in December 2012, advocacy group Article 19 says. ",1
11850,Persecuted Rohingya Muslims flee violence in Myanmar,"(Reuters) - Attacks by Rohingya Muslim insurgents on the Myanmar security forces in Rakhine State triggered a response by the army and Buddhist vigilantes so brutal a senior U.N. official denounced it as a textbook example of ethnic cleansing. Days, weeks and months after the Aug. 25 violence, more than 600,000 Rohingya fled to Muslim Bangladesh, trekking over mountains and through forests and rice fields inundated by monsoon rain. Many of the refugees were traumatized, exhausted and hungry, some wounded by bullets, knives or clubs, many with burns. Many women said they had been raped. All of the refugees brought accounts of a campaign of murderous violence and arson by the Myanmar security forces and Buddhist civilians that they believed was aimed at driving them out of the country. Mostly Buddhist Myanmar denies the accusations. (Click on reut.rs/2jc8rZe to view a photo essay on the Rohingya refugee crisis.) Myanmar says the rebels responsible for the Aug. 25 attacks on about 30 security posts and an army camp - the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army - are terrorists and it is they who unleashed most of the violence and arson that reduced hundreds of Rohingya villages nestled in emerald-green rice fields to ash. The Rohingya have long faced discrimination and repression in Rakhine State where bad blood with ethnic Rakhine Buddhists, stemming from violence by both sides, goes back generations. Rohingya are not regarded as an indigenous ethnic minority in Myanmar - the government even refuses to recognize the term  Rohingya , instead labeling them illegal immigrants from Bangladesh. Most have been denied citizenship under a law that links nationality to ethnicity. They have long lived under apartheid-like conditions, with little access to even the limited opportunities in education and employment open to their Buddhist neighbors in one of Myanmar s poorest regions. About one million Rohingya were believed to have been living in Rakhine State before the latest violence. Bangladesh was already home to 400,000 of them who had fled earlier repression. The new arrivals, many landing by boat after being ferried across a border river, crammed into the existing refugee camps in the Cox s Bazar district, many camping out in the rain - lucky ones able to string up a piece of plastic - beside muddy tracks. Bangladesh, one of the world s poorest and most crowded countries, initially said the Rohingya were not welcome and ordered border guards to push them back. But it quickly changed its stand in the face of the scale of the exodus and began gearing up, with the help of U.N. and other aid agencies, to cope with the fastest-developing refugee crisis the world had seen in years. The crisis has raised grave doubts about Myanmar s transition from military-ruled pariah to budding democracy, and about the commitment to human rights of the democracy leader who struggled to end nearly 50 years of harsh military rule - Aung San Suu Kyi. The generals remain in full charge of security under a constitution they drafted, even though Suu Kyi runs the government. Analysts say Suu Kyi has to avoid angering the army and alienating supporters by being seen to take the side of a Muslim minority that enjoys little sympathy in a country that has seen a surge of Buddhist nationalism. Nevertheless, the failure of the Nobel peace laureate to speak out forcefully in defense of the Rohingya would seem to have irreparably damaged her reputation overseas. The international community is demanding that the Rohingya be allowed to go home in safety, and Bangladesh and Myanmar have begun talks on repatriation, but huge doubts remain about the Rohingya ever being able to return in peace to rebuild their homes and till their fields. ",1
11851,"U.S. seeks ship ban over North Korea violations, Moon postponing drills","UNITED NATIONS/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States has called on the U.N. Security Council to  blacklist 10 ships for circumventing sanctions on North Korea, documents showed on Tuesday, while South Korea s President suggested delaying military exercises with Washington to ease tensions ahead of next year s Winter Olympics. Documents seen by Reuters said the 10 vessels had been conducting ship-to-ship transfers of refined petroleum products to North Korean vessels or transporting North Korean coal in violation of U.N. sanctions imposed over Pyongyang s nuclear and missile programs. The ships would be blacklisted - meaning countries would be required to ban them from entering their ports - if none of the 15 members of the Security Council s North Korea sanctions committee object by Thursday afternoon. North Korea is under a U.N. arms embargo and the Security Council has banned trade in exports such as coal, textiles, seafood, iron and other minerals to choke funding for Pyongyang s missile and nuclear programs.  In September, the council put a cap of 2 million barrels a year on refined petroleum products exports to North Korea. The ships targeted for blacklisting were Xin Sheng Hai (flag unknown); the Hong-Kong-flagged Lighthouse Winmore; the Togo-flagged Yu Yuan; Panama-flagged Glory Hope 1 (also known as Orient Shenyu), Kai Xiang, and Billions No. 18; and the North Korean-flagged Ul Ji Bong 6, Rung Ra 2, Rye Song Gang 1, and Sam Jong 2. Four ships were designated for carrying coal from North Korea by the council s North Korea sanctions committee in October. The United States has led a drive to step up sanctions on North Korea in response to Pyongyang s efforts to develop nuclear-tipped missiles capable of hitting the United States. In Ottawa on Tuesday, Canada and the United States said they would co-host a foreign ministers meeting in Vancouver on Jan. 16 to demonstrate international solidarity against North Korea s nuclear and missile tests. Representatives of the countries that sent troops or other military support to the U.N.-backed effort to repel North Korean forces after the 1950 invasion of South Korea will attend. Japan, India and Sweden will also attend, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said.  We can t talk unless North Korea is ready to talk,  Tillerson told reporters after meeting with Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland.  What s important for North Korea to know is that this pressure campaign will not abate, we will not be rolling any of it back, it will only be intensified as time goes by, and it will remain in place until they agree to give up their nuclear weapons and allow us to verify the fact that is what they have done,  he said. Freeland said the world had to demonstrate to North Korea that it was united in condemning Pyongyang s actions.  The international pressure campaign - we believe it s going to be successful, and a successful outcome of the international pressure campaign is a diplomatic engagement,  Freeland said. Washington has warned that all options are on the table, including military ones, to prevent North Korea s missile development. On Friday, Tillerson had urged North Korea to carry out a  sustained cessation  of weapons testing to allow the two countries to hold talks. North Korea paused its missile testing for more than two months before firing a new type of intercontinental ballistic missile in late November. U.S. officials say it has given no indication it is willing to discuss giving up its nuclear program and Pyongyang has repeatedly denounced U.S. and South Korean military drills, which it says are a prelude to invasion. On Tuesday, South Korean President Moon Jae-in said he was willing to ease tensions ahead of next year s Winter Olympics in South Korea by delaying joint military exercises.  It is possible for South Korea and the U.S. to review the possibility of postponing the exercises,  he told NBC News.   I ve made such a suggestion to the U.S., and the U.S. is currently reviewing it. However, all this depends on how North Korea behaves.  A spokesman for the U.S. Pacific Command, Commander Dave Benham, declined to discuss any plans for exercises. Earlier on Tuesday, Japan and South Korea, both U.S. allies, urged China to put more pressure on North Korea. Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono said after talks with South Korean Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-wha that China - North Korea s neighbor and only big ally - was implementing Security Council resolutions but could do more. China routinely says it is meeting its U.N. obligations on North Korea and has urged  all sides  to pursue dialogue. The U.S. Navy s top officer, Chief of Naval Operations Admiral John Richardson, said on Tuesday that vessels from the eastern Pacific could be moved to reinforce U.S. naval power in Asia as Washington contends with increased threats in the region and accidents that have weakened its maritime force. China has been irritated by stepped-up U.S. naval deployments in the Pacific and along with Russia has proposed that Washington and Seoul halt major military exercises in exchange for North Korea freezing its weapons programs. Washington has warned North Korea it would be  totally destroyed  in the event of war and on Monday U.S. President Donald Trump unveiled a new national security strategy stressing the need to deal with the challenge posed by Pyongyang. This week Washington publicly blamed North Korea for a massive worldwide cyber attack in May that crippled hospitals, banks and other companies. A White House official said on Tuesday that Facebook Inc and Microsoft Corp disabled a number of North Korean cyber threats last week. Researchers say a series of cyber attacks has netted North Korean hackers millions of dollars in virtual currencies like bitcoin, with more attacks expected, as international sanctions drive the country to seek new sources of cash. ",1
11852,U.S. gives China draft proposal for tougher North Korea sanctions - sources,"UNITED NATIONS/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States has given China a draft resolution for tougher U.N. sanctions on North Korea and is hoping for a quick vote on it by the U.N. Security Council, a Western diplomat said on Tuesday. A senior official of the Trump administration confirmed efforts were under way to negotiate a new U.N. resolution, but added that there had been no agreement.  We re trying to get another one,  said the official, who did not want to be identified.  They re not there yet.  Details of the draft given to China last week were not immediately available, but the United States is keen to step up global sanctions to pressure North Korea to give up a weapons program aimed developing nuclear-tipped missiles capable of hitting the United States. Among the steps it wants is a tightening of restrictions on North Korea s supply of refined petroleum, which is capped by previous U.N. sanctions at 2 million barrels a year. China, which supplies most of North Korea s oil, has backed successive rounds of U.N. sanctions but has resisted past U.S. calls to cut off supplies to its neighbor. Its embassy in Washington and Foreign Ministry in Beijing did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The United States has also called on the U.N. Security Council to blacklist 10 ships for circumventing sanctions on North Korea, documents seen by Reuters on Tuesday showed. The documents said vessels had been conducting ship-to-ship transfers of refined petroleum products to North Korean vessels or transporting North Korean coal in violation of existing U.N. sanctions. Earlier on Tuesday, China responded to the announcement of a new U.S. national security strategy this week that branded Beijing a competitor seeking to challenge U.S. power by saying that cooperation between it and Washington would lead to a win-win outcome for both sides, but confrontation would bring mutual losses. ",1
11853,South Korea says delay in joint U.S. drills depends on halt to North Korea provocations,"(Reuters) - Any delay in South Korea-U.S. military drills would depend on whether North Korea carries out provocations during the 2018 Winter Olympics, an official at Seoul s presidential Blue House said on Wednesday.  South Korean President Moon Jae-in said on Tuesday he was willing to try to ease tensions ahead of next year s Winter Olympics in South Korea by curtailing joint military exercises with the United States. ",1
11854,Saudi Arabia intercepts Houthi missile fired toward Riyadh; no reported casualties,"RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi air defenses shot down a ballistic missile fired by Yemen s Houthi group towards Riyadh on Tuesday, the Saudi-led coalition said, in an attack that could escalate a proxy war between the kingdom and Iran. There were no reports of casualties or damage. In contrast, a U.N. human rights spokesman said coalition air strikes had killed at least 136 non-combatants in war-torn Yemen since Dec. 6. The Iran-aligned Houthi movement said it had aimed the missile at the Saudi royal court at al-Yamama palace, where a meeting of Saudi leaders was under way. It described the attack as a new chapter in the conflict.  The Saudi-led coalition said the missile, the latest of several fired towards Riyadh, had been directed at residential areas and there had been no damage.  Quoting a statement from the coalition, Saudi state news agency SPA said Iranian-made missiles were a threat to regional and international security. It accused the Houthis of using humanitarian entry points into Yemen to smuggle in missiles from Saudi Arabia s regional arch-foe Iran.  Coalition forces confirm intercepting an Iranian-Houthi missile targeting (the) south of Riyadh. There are no reported casualties at this time,  the government-run Center for International Communication wrote on its Twitter account. Saudi palaces, military and oil facilities are within range of such missiles, the Houthis said in a statement carried by the group s Al-Masirah television. The U.S. State Department condemned the missile attack and called on Iran to stop arming the Houthis. At the United Nations, U.S. Ambassador Nikki Haley said the Houthi missile strike  bears all the hallmarks of previous attacks using Iranian-provided weapons.  Haley said she was exploring, with some U.N. Security Council colleagues, several options for pressuring Iran to  adjust their behavior.  Haley is likely to struggle, however, to convince some members, like veto powers Russia and China, that U.N. action is needed. Saudi Arabia and Iran are locked in struggle for influence in the Middle East. The conflict in Saudi Arabia s backyard Yemen has killed more than 10,000 people and displaced over 2 million.     The Houthis for their part have fired several missiles at the kingdom, but have not caused any serious damage. The attack came as the Houthis marked 1,000 days since the Saudi-led coalition began military operations in Yemen in March 2015 after the Iran-aligned group drove Yemeni President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi into exile.  The enemies had their own mirage calculations ... but over 1,000 days, there has been this great steadfastness,  said Abdel-Malek al-Houthi, a Houthi leader, in a speech on the group s Al-Masirah TV. The United Arab Emirates, a close ally of Saudi Arabia and part of its coalition, said the latest Houthi attack underscored the need to keep the military campaign in Yemen going.  With every Iranian missile fired by the Houthi militia against civilian targets, the necessity of (Operation) Decisive Storm becomes clear,  United Arab Emirates Minister of State for Foreign Affairs Anwar Gargash wrote on his Twitter account. Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri condemned the attack, saying such actions exacerbated divisions in the region. Saudi Arabia and Iran are also competing for influence in Iraq and Syria. Reuters witnesses described hearing a blast and said they saw smoke in the northeast of Riyadh. Saudi Arabia s Crown Prince, Mohammed bin Salman, has described what Riyadh says is Iran s supply of rockets to the Houthis as  direct military aggression  that could be an act of war. Iran has denied supplying such weaponry to the Houthis, who have taken over the Yemeni capital, Sanaa, and other parts of the country during its civil war. Saudi Arabia said on Nov. 4 it had intercepted a ballistic missile over Riyadh s King Khaled Airport, an attack that led the coalition to close Yemeni ports.  On Nov. 30, Saudi Arabia shot down another missile near its southwestern city of Khamis Mushait. Last week, the United States presented for the first time pieces of what it said were Iranian weapons supplied to the  Houthis, describing them as conclusive evidence that Tehran was violating U.N. resolutions. The arms included charred remnants of what the Pentagon said was an Iranian-made short-range ballistic missile fired from Yemen in the Nov. 4 attack, as well as a drone and an anti-tank weapon recovered in Yemen by the Saudis.  ",1
11855,Latest Houthi missile 'bears hallmarks' of Iran arms attacks: U.S.,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said a missile fired by Yemen s Houthi group toward Saudi Arabia on Tuesday  bears all the hallmarks of previous attacks using Iranian-provided weapons  as she pushed the U.N. Security Council to act. Saudi air defenses shot down the ballistic missile and there were no reports of casualties or damage. In contrast, a U.N. human rights spokesman said coalition air strikes had killed at least 136 noncombatants in war-torn Yemen since Dec. 6. Saudi-led forces, backing Yemen s government, have fought the Iran-allied Houthis in Yemen s more than two-year-long war. Iran has denied supplying the Houthis with weapons, saying the U.S. and Saudi allegations are  baseless and unfounded.    We must all act cooperatively to expose the crimes of the Tehran regime and do whatever is needed to make sure they get the message. If we do not, then Iran will bring the world deeper into a broadening regional conflict,  Haley told the council.  Haley said she was exploring, with some council colleagues, several options for pressuring Iran to  adjust their behavior.  However, Haley is likely to struggle to convince some members, like veto powers Russia and China, that U.N. action is needed. Russia s Deputy U.N. Ambassador Vladimir Safronkov told council on Tuesday:  We need to abandon the language of threats and sanctions and to start using the instruments of dialogue and concentrate on broadening cooperation and mutual trust.  Most sanctions on Iran were lifted at the start of 2016 under the nuclear deal brokered by world powers and enshrined in a U.N. Security Council resolution. The resolution still subjects Tehran to a U.N. arms embargo and other restrictions that are technically not part of the nuclear deal. Haley said the Security Council could strengthen the provisions in that resolution or adopt a new resolution banning Iran from all activities related to ballistic missiles.  Under the current resolution, Iran is  called upon  to refrain from work on ballistic missiles designed to deliver nuclear weapons for up to eight years. Some states argue that the language of the resolution does not make it obligatory.  We could explore sanctions on Iran in response to its clear violations of the Yemen arms embargo,  Haley said.  We could hold the IRGC (Iran s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps) accountable for its violations of numerous Security Council resolutions.  A separate U.N. resolution on Yemen bans the supply of weapons to Houthi leaders and  those acting on their behalf or at their direction.  ",1
11856,Venezuela's Maduro says 'terrorists' stole weapons from military unit,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuelan leftist President Nicolas Maduro said on Tuesday that  terrorists  had broken into a National Guard unit over the weekend and stolen weapons, the latest sign of volatility in the oil-rich country convulsed by a profound economic crisis. Oscar Perez, a rogue Venezuelan police pilot wanted for lobbing grenades and shooting at government buildings in June, claimed responsibility for the attack, which he called  Operation Genesis.   A video posted on Perez s YouTube account shows armed, masked men taking control of military barracks under cover of night. They smash photos of Maduro and his predecessor, the late Hugo Chavez, handcuff around a dozen soldiers and berate them for supporting  dictatorship  in Venezuela.  You yourselves are dying of hunger. Why have you not done anything, given you have weapons? Why do you keep protecting these drug-trafficking dictators?  the assailants shout at gagged soldiers crouching on the floor of what appears to be a bathroom.  Soon we ll win the war ... so that Venezuela can be free,  says Perez, under the cover of a black balaclava. His Twitter account later posted a purported summary by authorities of the attack. The summary says some 49 armed men stole around 26 Kalashnikov AK-103 s and over 3,000 munitions for the rifles, as well as pistols, in Miranda state near Caracas during the early hours of Monday. Reuters was not able to independently confirm details of the attack. The Information Ministry did not respond to a request for comment. An action film star who portrays himself as a James Bond cum-Rambo figure on social media, Perez has added surreal twists to Venezuela s long-running political drama. He rose to fame in June after hijacking a police helicopter flying over Caracas  center. He fired shots at and lobbed grenades on the Interior Ministry and the Supreme Court to fight what he said was a tyrannical government. He went into hiding after the attack, only to pop up two weeks later at an opposition vigil for anti-government protesters killed during demonstrations that rocked the country earlier this year. Perez s latest offensive highlights instability in Venezuela, an OPEC member state heaving under malnutrition, disease and the world s steepest inflation rate. The opposition has long appealed to the military, historically a powerbroker in Venezuela, for help. Maduro on Tuesday denounced the attackers, whom he did not name, as  terrorists  sent by his ideological enemy the United States.  Wherever they appear, I ve told the armed forces: Fire at the terrorist groups!  he said during a speech on state television, as he blamed opposition groups in Miami for orchestrating the raid.  Do these people think they can attack a unit of the armed forces to steal some guns and threaten democracy and that that s going to be tolerated? Zero tolerance!  Maduro said. The military has played a key role in government since Chavez - himself a former military officer - took office in 1999 promising to bring greater equality to Venezuela, home to the world s largest oil reserves. The top brass continues to publicly profess loyalty to Maduro s government. Critics say juicy government contracts, corruption and contraband mean that many military officials want Maduro to stay in office and fear persecution should the opposition take power. Discontent is higher among lower-tier officials, who are often sent to control rowdy protests and are paid the equivalent of just a handful of U.S. dollars a month. ",1
11857,Mexico to recognize Honduran president winner of disputed election: sources,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico is poised to recognize Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez as the winner of last month s election, according to a draft foreign ministry statement seen by Reuters, just days after the Organization of American States called for a fresh vote to dispel widespread allegations of fraud. Mexico s announcement was brokered in coordination with the United States, two sources who spoke on condition of anonymity said. The presidents of Guatemala and Colombia had recognized Hernandez, a staunch U.S. ally.  A statement by Mexico, an important player in Central America, would strengthen the position of Hernandez, who declared himself president-elect on Tuesday. It could pave the way for more countries, including the United States, to weigh in the incumbent s favor.  The government of Mexico congratulates Juan Orlando Hernandez for his victory in the general elections,  Mexico s foreign ministry wrote in a draft of the statement seen by Reuters.  The Mexican foreign ministry did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The statement was requested by Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray and awaits final approval, one of the sources said. Honduras  ambassador in Mexico was alerted of the move on Monday. The embassy did not immediately respond to request for comment.  It is likely to enrage the center-left opposition, led by TV star Salvador Nasralla, who has accused Hernandez of stealing the election, sparking violent nationwide protests. The General Secretariat of the OAS on Sunday said the election was plagued with irregularities and should be redone to meet democratic standards. ",1
11858,At least 12 dead in bus crash on excursion to Mexican ruins,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Twelve people died and 18 were injured on Tuesday in Mexico s  state of Quintana Roo when a tour bus lost control and rolled over during an excursion to ancient ruins. The bus was carrying 31 passengers, including citizens of the United States, Brazil and Sweden, authorities said. A child was among the dead. Quintana Roo is one of three states on Mexico s Yucatan Peninsula, which has popular tourist sites. Twenty-seven of the passengers had been traveling on Royal Caribbean cruise ships, spokeswoman Cynthia Martinez said.   Our hearts go out to all those involved in the bus accident,  Martinez said in a statement.  We are doing all we can to care for our guests, including assisting with medical care and transportation.  The tourists were headed to the archaeological zone of Chacchoben, an ancient Mayan ruin south of the resort town of Tulum, when the vehicle veered off the highway early on Tuesday. After the accident, passengers were taken to hospitals, bus company Costa Maya said in a statement. Five have been discharged and the injured were in stable condition, it said. The government of Quintana Roo said in a statement that it was investigating the cause of the accident. The U.S. embassy in Mexico said it was working with authorities to learn whether U.S. citizens were aboard the bus. Last year, 11 tourists were killed in a crash in Quintana Roo when their bus flipped en route to Cancun, the Associated Press reported. ",1
11859,Fighting in eastern Ukraine worst since February: OSCE,"KIEV/NOVOLUHANSKE, Ukraine (Reuters) - Fighting in eastern Ukraine has escalated to the worst level in months, officials monitoring the conflict said on Tuesday, after the shelling of a frontline village wounded eight civilians and destroyed or damaged dozens of homes. A Russia-backed insurgency erupted in 2014 and the bloodshed has continued despite a ceasefire deal that was meant to end a conflict in which more than 10,000 people have been killed, with casualties reported on a near-daily basis. The Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe, which monitors the implementation of the peace agreement, said it had recorded 16,000 ceasefire violations between Dec. 11 and Dec. 17, a 35 percent increase on the week before.   We note with concern a sharp deterioration in the security situation with ceasefire violations reaching levels not recorded since February this year,  chief monitor Ertugrul Apakan said in a statement. In February, a surge of violence around the government-held industrial town of Avdiivka cut off power and water to thousands of civilians on the front line. Apakan said the latest escalation reflected an established trend  in which a recommitment to the ceasefire by the sides was followed by a steady increase in the level of violence, culminating in fierce fighting .     Apakan s comments followed warnings from aid agencies over the humanitarian situation in the eastern Donbass region, particularly given Monday s attack on the government-controlled village of Novoluhanske. The United Nations  OCHA humanitarian arm said on Twitter heavy shelling near Novoluhanske was affecting 2,000 residents. People are fleeing the area in blizzard conditions, it said. Eight civilians were wounded and more than 50 buildings were damaged in the shelling, which also temporarily cut power supplies, the regional Kiev-controlled Donetsk administration said. A Reuters witness saw residents picking their way through the rubble of destroyed homes and surveying fire-blackened buildings. The U.S. State Department said the humanitarian situation was  dire  because of the shelling, which it blamed on Russian-led forces firing Grad multiple-launch rockets. The Ukrainian military on Tuesday accused pro-Russian separatists of deliberately firing more than 40 times from multiple-launch rocket systems at Novoluhanske.  Meanwhile, the rebel command said attacks from the Ukrainian side had almost doubled in the past 24 hours, according to separatist news website DAN. Rebels deny attacking Novoluhanske and say the Ukrainian military fired at the village to justify their attacks on separatist-held civilian areas, according to DAN. The U.S. State Department also voiced concern about fighting around the Donetsk water filtration station, which has a system of pipes that carry chlorine gas.  If those were to go off in this area, which is close to where people live, it could be potentially devastating,  State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert told a briefing. She said civilian water workers were trapped in the station s bomb shelter and could not get out because of fighting. In an effort to end the deadlock, the international community, including the United States, has in recent months been advocating for the deployment of U.N. peacekeepers in the Donbass. Both Kiev and Moscow backed the idea but disagree on whether the troops should be positioned on the rebel-controlled part of the Ukraine-Russia border, so no decision was made. Russia denies accusations from Ukraine and NATO that it supports the rebels with troops and weapons. ",1
11860,"After one week, Myanmar silent on whereabouts of detained Reuters journalists","YANGON (Reuters) - Two Reuters journalists completed a week in detention in Myanmar on Tuesday, with no word on where they were being held as authorities proceeded with an investigation into whether they violated the country s colonial-era Official Secrets Act. Journalists Wa Lone, 31, and Kyaw Soe Oo, 27, were arrested last Tuesday evening after they were invited to dine with police officers on the outskirts of Myanmar s largest city, Yangon.  We and their families continue to be denied access to them or to the most basic information about their well-being and whereabouts,  Reuters President and Editor-In-Chief Stephen J. Adler said in a statement calling for their immediate release.  Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo are journalists who perform a crucial role in shedding light on news of global interest, and they are innocent of any wrongdoing.  The news group Democratic Voice of Burma (DVB) on Tuesday cited government spokesman Zaw Htay as saying that the journalists were  being treated well and in good health . It gave no further details in its online report. Reuters was unable to reach Zaw Htay for comment. Myanmar s civilian president, Htin Kyaw, a close ally of government leader Aung San Suu Kyi, has authorized the police to proceed with a case against the reporters, Zaw Htay said on Sunday. Approval from the president s office is needed before court proceedings can begin in cases brought under the Official Secrets Act, which has a maximum prison sentence of 14 years. The two journalists had worked on Reuters coverage of a crisis that has seen an estimated 655,000 Rohingya Muslims flee from a fierce military crackdown on militants in the western state of Rakhine. A number of governments, including the United States, Canada and Britain, and United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres, as well as a host of journalists  and human rights  groups, have criticized the arrests as an attack on press freedom and called on Myanmar to release the two men. The U.S. State Department on Tuesday called for their immediate release.  We ve been ... following the cases of the two reporters, the Reuters reporters, very closely. We re deeply concerned about their detention. We do not know their whereabouts. That is of concern also,  State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert told a news briefing.  Today I want to make it clear that we re calling for their immediate release.  On Monday, the spokeswoman for the European Union s foreign affairs chief Federica Mogherini, described the arrests as  a cause of real concern .  Freedom of the press and media is the foundation and a cornerstone of any democracy,  the spokeswoman said. Myanmar has seen rapid growth in independent media since censorship imposed under the former junta was lifted in 2012. Rights groups were hopeful there would be further gains in press freedoms after Nobel peace laureate Suu Kyi came to power last year amid a transition from full military rule that had propelled her from political prisoner to elected leader. However, advocacy groups say freedom of speech has been eroded since she took office, with many arrests of journalists, restrictions on reporting in Rakhine state and heavy use of state-run media to control the narrative. About 20 local reporters belonging to the Protection Committee for Myanmar Journalists (PCMJ) posted pictures on Tuesday of themselves wearing black shirts as a sign of protest. They said their act was meant  to signify the dark age of media freedom .  By wearing black shirts, all journalists should show unity,  said Tha Lun Zaung Htet, a producer and presenter at DVB Debate TV and a leading member of the PCMJ.  We must fight for press freedom with unity.  But most journalists in Yangon did not take part in the campaign. Mya Hnin Aye, senior executive editor at the Voice Weekly, said few participated because the arrested journalists work for foreign media, much of whose  reporting on the Rakhine issue is biased . Myo Nyunt, deputy director for Myanmar s Ministry of Information, told Reuters the case against Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo had nothing to do with press freedom, and said journalists have  freedom to write and speak . The Ministry of Information said last week that the two journalists had  illegally acquired information with the intention to share it with foreign media , and released a photo of them in handcuffs. The authorities have not allowed the journalists any contact with their families, a lawyer or Reuters since their arrest. The International Commission of Jurists (ICJ) called on the authorities to immediately disclose the whereabouts of the pair.  All detainees must be allowed prompt access to a lawyer and to family members,  Frederick Rawski, the ICJ s Asia-Pacific Regional Director, said in a statement on Monday.  Authorities are bound to respect these rights in line with Myanmar law and the State s international law obligations.  On Sunday, spokesman Zaw Htay said the journalists  legal rights were being respected.  Your reporters are protected by the rule of the law.  ",1
11861,Britain's Brexit rebels offer compromise on latest EU exit laws row,"LONDON (Reuters) - British MPs who inflicted defeat on Prime Minister Theresa May last week in parliament over Brexit have signalled a possible compromise to avoid another row on Wednesday when legislation taking Britain out of the EU is debated. The European Union (Withdrawal) Bill, which will repeal the 1972 legislation binding Britain to the EU and copy existing EU law into domestic law, has tested May s authority to deliver on her Brexit plan during several days of line-by-line debate. Last week, 11 lawmakers from her Conservative Party rebelled against their leader, joining forces with the opposition to force through changes giving parliament greater guarantees of a meaningful vote on the final Brexit deal. However, another row - this time over the government s desire to fix the planned date of Britain s departure into law - could be averted on Wednesday after rebels said they were prepared to agree to it if another proviso were inserted in the bill allowing that date to be changed if necessary. Pro-EU Conservative Nicky Morgan, who voted against the government last week, said on Twitter she would back the plan when it comes to a vote. Some of the other rebels also publicly indicated their support. Last week s defeat underscored just one of the serious difficulties May faces in taking the country out of the EU.  As well as navigating a divided parliament without an overall majority, she has to please ministers who are deeply split over the country s long term relationship with Brussels and negotiate a deal from an EU which is keen to send a discouraging message to other potentially wayward states.   The initial move to define March 29 2019 in law as  exit day  was designed to ease pressure on the government from Brexiteers who fear slow negotiations and opposition to the divorce could cause delays. The government has not confirmed it will accept the compromise plan - which represents a watering-down of its original intention - but has said it will consider its response and remains open to changes that will improve the legislation. However, ministers have limited room to manoeuvre with over 40 Conservative lawmakers signed up to the proposal - more than enough to defeat May if opposition parties also back it.  It would be foolhardy to make assumptions either about the votes of colleagues or about the decisions of government. But I am cautiously optimistic that the government will accept my amendments and that they will carry,  said Oliver Letwin, the former minister responsible for brokering the compromise.  Wednesday s debate is the last in the current stage of the legislating process but the bill will receive further scrutiny in both chambers of parliament over the coming months before it is finally approved. ",1
11862,EU Commission may launch moves to punish Poland over legal reforms,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union s executive may trigger a process on Wednesday to begin to strip Poland of its voting rights in the bloc, officials say, as months of tensions between Brussels and Warsaw come to a head. In what would be an unprecedented move, the European Commission could invoke Article 7 of the European Union s founding Lisbon Treaty to punish Warsaw for breaking its rules on human rights and democratic values.  Unless the Polish government postpones these court reforms, we will have no choice but to trigger Article 7,  said a senior EU official before a Commission meeting on Wednesday, where Poland s reforms are on the agenda.  Poland s new prime minister Mateusz Morawiecki said in Brussels last week that  the decision has already been made . The Commission s deputy head Frans Timmermans warned in July that Poland was  perilously close  to facing sanctions. Such a punishment could still be blocked. Hungary, Poland s closest ally in the EU, is likely to argue strongly against it. But the mere threat of it underlines the sharp deterioration in ties between Warsaw and Brussels since the socially conservative Law and Justice (PiS) won power in late 2015.     The Commission says Poland s judicial reforms limit judges  independence. Polish President Andrzej Duda has until Jan. 5 to sign them into law.  If all EU governments agree, Poland could have its voting rights in the EU suspended, and may also see cuts in billions of euros of EU aid.  The PiS government rejects accusations of undemocratic behavior and says its reforms are needed because courts are slow, inefficient and steeped in a communist era-mentality. Following a non-binding European Parliament vote last month calling for Article 7 to be invoked, the Commission appears to have little leeway to grant Warsaw more time to amend its legislation. The reforms would give the PiS-controlled parliament de facto control over the selection of judges and end the terms of some Supreme Court judges early. The Council of Europe, the continent s human rights watchdog, has compared such measures to those of the Soviet system.  The Commission fears letting Poland off the hook could weaken its hand, especially in the ex-communist east, and risk damaging the EU s single market and cross-border legal cooperation. ",1
11863,Canada jury clears man of terrorism charges in Christmas lights bomb case,"MONTREAL (Reuters) - A Canadian jury on Tuesday found a man guilty of possessing an explosive substance but cleared him and his partner of three terrorism-related charges after the government alleged they were trying to build a bomb with ingredients that included Christmas lights. The Montreal couple, El Mahdi Jamali and Sabrine Djermane, were charged with trying to leave Canada to join a terrorist group, possessing an explosive substance, facilitating a terrorist activity and committing an offense for a terrorist group.  Jamali, now 20, was found guilty of a reduced charge of possessing explosives without a lawful excuse and acquitted of other charges.  Jamali was given credit for time served and ordered released during a Tuesday afternoon hearing. He was also prohibited from owning a firearm for 10 years. Djermane, 21, was acquitted of all charges. The two had been detained since they were arrested in 2015, when they were teenagers.  The Royal Canadian Mounted Police found a handwritten bomb-making recipe copied from a propaganda magazine published by al Qaeda militants when the police searched a condo rented by the couple in 2015, according to prosecutors. The two were arrested at a time when international security forces reported that college students from Montreal were among waves of young people heading to Syria to join Islamic State militants. RCMP began investigating the couple after receiving a tip, and arrested them days later.  Canadian prosecutor Lyne Decarie said she has not ruled out filing an appeal and would examine the judge s instructions to the jury. The government has 30 days to file an appeal. ",1
11864,"Canada, U.S. announce January meeting to keep pressure on North Korea","OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canada and the United States said on Tuesday they will co-host a meeting of foreign ministers in Vancouver in January to demonstrate international solidarity against North Korea s continued nuclear and missile tests. Following a meeting with Canada s Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said the pressure campaign on North Korea would not abate until the country agreed to give up its nuclear ambitions. ",1
11865,Czech parliament revokes Communist-era policeman's election to oversight post,"PRAGUE (Reuters) - The Czech parliament revoked an election of a Communist-era policeman to a police oversight job on Tuesday after some lawmakers claimed the vote was manipulated. Earlier, the lower chamber entrusted oversight of the police force to Zdenek Ondracek, former member of a Communist-era special unit which tried to crush the peaceful 1989 uprising that helped to bring down Communist rule. The unprecedented appointment of a Communist lawmaker as chairman of parliament s General Inspection of Security Forces commission appeared to be part of complex maneuvering by the new prime minister, billionaire businessman Andrej Babis, and his ANO party to get backing for a minority government. After the secret ballot, some lawmakers challenged the result with claims that it was unclear how many in the 200-seat lower chamber actually participated in the election. Ondracek received 95 votes, but due to the uncertainty it was impossible to determine whether he got the required majority. Speaker of the house, ANO s Radek Vondracek, then declared the vote confused and said that it would be repeated in January.  The ANO has 78 seats in the new 200-seat lower house. Babis is seeking support or at least acquiescence from lawmakers of the other eight parties in parliament.  The far-left Communists with 15 seats, and far-right, anti-European Union SPD party with 22, have lent support in initial parliamentary votes in return for committee posts, but no deal has been announced on their backing for an ANO cabinet.  The secret ballot vote on Tuesday to appoint Ondracek was the first time the Communist party has gained such a post in nearly three decades since the fall of communism. In 1989 his police unit used water cannon, clubs and dogs to disperse anti-regime protests. The demonstrations eventually led to the peaceful overthrow of Communist dictatorship in what became known as the Velvet Revolution. A video from 1989, posted on YouTube, shows Ondracek defending police actions in an interview with state television.  It is sad that it happened only one day after we remembered the anniversary of (late president and leading anti-Communist dissident) Vaclav Havel s passing. The times have changed,  said Vit Rakusan, deputy chairman of the Mayors and Independents party. Communist party deputy chairman Jiri Dolejs, however, defended the appointment.  Police work should be scrutinized by those who understand it,  he told reporters. In October, the Communist party suffered the worst election result in its nearly 100-year history. Still, it is the only faction so far to say it could back the ANO government.  Direct or indirect support might also come from the SPD party of Czech-Japanese businessman Tomio Okamura. Other parties have shunned Babis, mainly due to pending police charges against him over allegations he concealed his company s ownership of a farm and conference center a decade ago to illegally obtain a 2 million-euro European Union subsidy. Babis denies wrongdoing. Babis, who was appointed prime minister this month and whose cabinet took power last week, has until mid-January to win a confidence vote. President Milos Zeman has said Babis will get a second try if his first attempt to form a government fails. ",1
11866,Factbox: International reaction to arrest of Reuters reporters in Myanmar,"(Reuters) - Several countries, the United Nations and journalist groups are demanding the release of Reuters reporters Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo from detention in Myanmar.  The reporters were arrested on Dec. 12 after being invited to meet police officials on the outskirts of Yangon. They had worked on stories about a military crackdown in Rakhine state, scene of around 650,000 Rohingya Muslims fleeing to Bangladesh since late August. Myanmar s Ministry of Information has said the reporters  illegally acquired information with the intention to share it with foreign media,  and released a photo of them in handcuffs. It said the reporters and two policemen faced charges under the British colonial-era Official Secrets Act, which carries a maximum prison sentence of 14 years, though officials said they have not been charged. Their exact whereabouts are not known.  We and their families continue to be denied access to them or to the most basic information about their well-being and whereabouts,  Reuters President and Editor-In-Chief Stephen J. Adler said in a statement calling for their immediate release.      Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo are journalists who perform a crucial role in shedding light on news of global interest, and they are innocent of any wrongdoing,  he said. Here are the comments on their detention from governments, politicians, human rights groups and press freedom advocates around the world:   - The European Union urged Myanmar on Monday to release the two Reuters reporters  as quickly as possible.  A spokeswoman for the EU s foreign affairs chief Federica Mogherini said,   Freedom of the press and media is the foundation and a cornerstone of any democracy.  - Dutch ambassador to Myanmar Wouter Jurgens said on Monday that  we urge the government for their immediate release or to provide clarity about their situation and what crimes they are accused of without further delay . - Vijay Nambiar, a former special adviser on Myanmar to the U.N. Secretary-General, said in a statement to Reuters on Monday that the detentions had caused  widespread disappointment within and outside the country that is likely to further damage the international reputation and image of Myanmar, already under stress as a result of its handling of the Rakhine crisis.  - The International Commission of Jurists (ICJ) called on Myanmar authorities to immediately disclose the whereabouts of the pair.  All detainees must be allowed prompt access to a lawyer and to family members,  Frederick Rawski, the ICJ s Asia-Pacific Regional Director, said in a statement on Monday. - Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kano said in response to a question from a Reuters reporter on Tuesday:  Freedom of the press is extremely important, including in order to protect fundamental human rights. The Japanese government would like to watch (this matter) closely.   - Republican Thom Tillis and Democrat Chris Coons, the leaders of the U.S. Senate Human Rights Caucus, said they were  gravely concerned  about the arrests of the Reuters journalists and that freedom of the press was critical to ensuring accountability for violence against the Rohingya. Democratic congressman Ted Lieu, a member of the House of Representatives Foreign Affairs Committee, called the arrests  outrageous and a direct attack on press freedom.  - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said last week the United States was  demanding their immediate release or information as to the circumstances around their disappearance.  On Tuesday, State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert  reiterated the U.S. demand for the reporters  immediate release. - British Minister for Asia and the Pacific Mark Field said,   I absolutely strongly disapprove of the idea of journalists, going about their everyday business, being arrested. We will make it clear in the strongest possible terms that we feel that they need to be released at the earliest possible opportunity.  - Swedish Foreign Minister Margot Wallstrom called the arrests a  threat to a democratic and peaceful development of Myanmar and that region.  She said,  We do not accept that journalists are attacked or simply kidnapped or that they disappear ... To be able to send journalists to this particular area is of crucial importance.   - U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said countries should do everything possible to secure the journalists  release and freedom of the press in Myanmar. Guterres said,  It is clearly a concern in relation to the erosion of press freedom in the country.   - Canada s Minister of Foreign Affairs Chrystia Freeland, the former managing director and editor, consumer news, at Thomson Reuters, tweeted that she was  deeply concerned  by the reports about the arrests. Global Affairs Canada, the Canadian government department that manages its foreign and trade relations, issued a statement on Saturday calling for the reporters  release and said  no person should ever face intimidation in the exercise of their profession.  - President of the European Parliament Antonio Tajani called on Myanmar to protect media freedoms and release the two reporters. - Australia s Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade said its embassy in Myanmar was registering Canberra s concern at the arrest of the two journalists.  A free and functioning media is an essential part of a modern democracy,  the department said in an e-mail to Reuters on Monday. - Iqbal Sobhan Chowdhury, information adviser to Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina, said,  We strongly denounce arrests of Reuters journalists and feel that those reporters be free immediately so that they can depict the truth to the world by their reporting.  - The Committee to Protect Journalists said the arrests were  having a grave impact on the ability of journalists to cover a story of vital global importance . - The Paris-based Reporters Without Borders said there was no justification for the arrests and the charges being considered against the journalists were  completely spurious . - Advocacy group Fortify Rights demanded the Myanmar government immediately and unconditionally release the two Reuters journalists.  The environment for media right now is as hostile as it s been for years, and if adequate pressure doesn t mount on the civilian and military leadership, we can expect it to worsen,  Matthew Smith, chief executive officer of Fortify Rights, said on Thursday. - Myanmar s Irrawaddy online news site called on Dec. 14 for the journalists  release in an editorial headlined  The Crackdown on the Media Must Stop.  The newspaper said that  it is an outrage to see the Ministry of Information release a police record photo of reporters handcuffed   as police normally do to criminals   on its website soon after the detention. It is chilling to see that MOI has suddenly brought us back to the olden days of a repressive regime.  - The Southeast Asian Press Alliance said the two journalists were  only doing their jobs in trying to fill the void of information on the Rohingya conflict.   - The Protection Committee for Myanmar Journalists, a group of local reporters who have demonstrated against past prosecutions of journalists, decried the  unfair arrests that affect media freedom .  - The Foreign Correspondents  Club of Myanmar said it was  appalled  by the arrests and  gravely concerned  about the state of press freedom in Myanmar.  - The Foreign Correspondents  Club in Thailand, The Foreign Correspondents  Association of the Philippines, the Jakarta Foreign Correspondents  Club, the Foreign Correspondents  Club of Hong Kong and the Editorial Committee of The Society of Publishers in Asia have also issued statements of support for the journalists. ",1
11867,Final arguments in Turkish banker's U.S. trial hinge on gold trader,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. prosecutors on Tuesday urged a New York jury to find Mehmet Hakan Atilla, an executive at Turkey s majority state-owned Halkbank, guilty of helping Iran evade U.S. sanctions, while Atilla s lawyers said he was a  blameless pawn.  The closing arguments in Manhattan federal court capped off a three-week trial that has strained diplomatic relations between the United States and Turkey.  This is a case about lies,  Assistant U.S. Attorney Michael Lockard told the jury, saying Atilla lied to U.S. authorities that Halkbank was complying with sanctions. Halkbank has denied involvement in illegal activities. Lockard pointed to the testimony of Turkish-Iranian gold trader Reza Zarrab, who was charged in the case but pleaded guilty and testified for the prosecutors. Zarrab testified that Atilla helped design fraudulent gold and food transactions that allowed Iran to spend its oil and gas revenues abroad, including through U.S. financial institutions, defying U.S. sanctions. Atilla denied conspiring with Zarrab while testifying in his own defense during the trial. Lockard said Zarrab s testimony was supported by other evidence, including an April 2013 message in which Halkbank s then-general manager, Suleyman Aslan, asked Zarrab if he had any problem with  the method proposed by Hakan Atilla.  Attempts by Reuters to reach Aslan for comment have been unsuccessful. Lockard also said that Zarrab s scheme continued even as Aslan and others at the bank were replaced.  The only person who s been involved at every step is Mr. Atilla,  he said. Atilla s lawyer, Victor Rocco, said Zarrab was not credible. He noted that Zarrab had hired prominent American lawyers to try to negotiate his release through diplomacy, and said he decided to turn on Atilla after that failed.  Hakan Atilla is a blameless pawn, collateral damage in a  story that belongs in The Twilight Zone, not in American court,  Rocco said. Rocco argued that evidence pointed to Atilla s innocence. He cited a call in which Zarrab told one of his employees that Atilla  threw a wrench in the gears,  but that Zarrab resolved the problem by going to Aslan. Rocco also pointed to an April 2013 call in which Zarrab said he lied to Atilla, even though Zarrab had said Atilla was already in on the scheme by October 2012.  If in October of 2012 Hakan Atilla was part of a conspiracy with Zarrab, why is Zarrab lying to him six months later?  Rocco asked. U.S. prosecutors charged nine people in the criminal case, though only Zarrab, 34, and Atilla, 47, have been arrested by U.S. authorities. U.S. District Judge Richard Berman is expected to instruct the jury Wednesday morning, after which jurors will begin deliberating on the case. ",1
11868,Austrian leader defends EU credentials in Brussels,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Austria s new chancellor traveled to Brussels on Tuesday on his first foreign trip since being sworn in, aiming to dispel concerns that his coalition with the far right spells trouble for the European Union. Responding to a letter on Monday from European Council President Donald Tusk that underlined EU worries, 31-year-old conservative leader Sebastian Kurz tweeted back that his new government would be  clear pro-European and committed to making a positive contribution to the future development of the EU . A day after he took office at the head of a coalition with the far-right Freedom Party (FPO), Kurz delivered that message in person to Tusk and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker, whose EU executive has responded to October s election with little of the outrage that greeted the FPO s first taste of government in Austria 17 years ago.  At a joint news conference in Brussels, Juncker said he would judge Kurz s government by its deeds.   This government has a clear pro-European stance. That is what is important for me,  Juncker said. The FPO has distanced itself from its Nazi-apologist, anti-Semitic past, while surges in irregular immigration and militant attacks have pushed the European political mainstream rightward, leading to a much more muted reaction than in 2000. But a French member of the Commission was wary:  Things are doubtless different from the previous time, in 2000,  tweeted Socialist former finance minister Pierre Moscovici.   But the presence of the far right in government is never without consequences.  Confirmation of the FPO s return to a share of power raises concern that small, wealthy Austria will be an intractable voice on EU asylum reform and efforts to increase the EU budget. The bluntest criticism has been south of the Alps, where a plan to offer Austrian citizenship to people living in Italy s German-speaking border region has rekindled worries over old territorial arguments. A junior foreign minister in Rome said the offer may be couched in a  velvet glove of Europeanism  but bore  a whiff of the ethno-nationalist iron fist . Kurz assured Italians on Tuesday that he would consult Rome on the plan, which is a long-standing FPO policy, adding he would speak to Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni. For an EU battered by mounting nationalism that goes well beyond Brexit, there is concern too that criticism of Brussels in Vienna may help fuel the euroscepticism of former communist member states in Central Europe, including Poland, where the Commission is seriously considering imposing sanctions that were initially designed in response to the FPO s rise early this century. Speaking in Brussels, Kurz said he would make it Austria s task to bridge the gap between EU member states in the east and the west, adding his country would fight to stop illegal immigration into the EU. In a letter of congratulation to Kurz, Tusk made clear his concerns about the new coalition in Austria:  I trust that the Austrian government will continue to play a constructive and pro-European role in the European Union,  Tusk wrote, noting that Austria will from July enjoy six months of influence in Brussels as chair of EU ministerial councils. Germany and France, the EU s lead powers, also indicated a vigilance about Austria in their comments on Monday which highlighted Kurz s pledges to foster European cooperation.     Kurz s visit to Brussels comes on the eve of an important Commission meeting on Wednesday, where Juncker s team will consider recommending sanctions on Poland for its continued  defiance of warnings that its new laws on the judiciary are contrary to EU democratic standards.  We are in a difficult process, which I hope will turn out to be a process of convergence. But not all bridges to Poland will be burnt tomorrow,  Juncker said. ",1
11869,Chile election ends era of female presidents in Latin America,"SANTIAGO (Reuters) - When Chile s President Michelle Bachelet leaves office in March, it will mark the end of a generation of women leaders in Latin America, leaving the region without a female head of state as it shifts to the right politically. At the start of this decade, women held the top jobs in Argentina, Brazil, Costa Rica and Chile, collectively representing about 40 percent of the population in a region better known for its machismo. But conservative Sebastian Pinera s victory in the second round of Chile s presidential election on Sunday drew that period to a close. Bachelet was the first of her female counterparts to rise to power in a leftist tide that swept South America during a commodities-fueled economic boom. She served as president from 2006 to 2010 before winning re-election in 2013. Together with Brazil s Dilma Rousseff and Argentina s Cristina Fernandez, Bachelet embodied the major strides made by women across a region that has passed laws deterring rampant violence against women and set quotas for political participation that have given Latin American women a bigger share of parliamentary seats than in Europe. But now some worry that progress on women s rights could stall.  We re seeing a shift to conservative politics that is questioning the advances of the last 15 to 20 years,  said Eugenia Piza-Lopez, who works on gender in Latin America for the United Nations Development Program. Conservative groups are targeting gender equality across the region, said Piza-Lopez. Protests over curriculums aimed at empowering girls to rise above traditional female duties have helped topple education ministers in Peru and Colombia. During campaigning in Chile, Pinera voiced concerns about the country s declining birth rate as he took aim at changes to abortion laws under Bachelet, who loosened a strict ban to make exemptions for rape, unviable fetuses and the risk of death during labor. While there is no definitive study showing female leaders do more to advance women s wellbeing than men, Farida Jalalzai, a political scientist at Oklahoma State University, said her research on Latin America suggested that was the case.  Dilma (Rousseff), for example, would take a policy that was already in existence and reframe it in ways that made it clear it was a women s issue, whether it was poverty or home ownership,  Jalalzai said. Piza-Lopez said Fernandez, who ruled Argentina from 2007 to 2015, helped narrow the gender poverty gap with her generous spending on social programs aimed at women.  Stella Zervoudaki, head of the European Union delegation in Chile, pointed to Bachelet s creation of a ministry of women,  her programs to finance companies led by women and work for marriage equality.  I m not sure this would have been as forceful without a woman leader,  Zervoudaki said. She said Bachelet had pressed for a chapter on gender in an update to an EU trade agreement that called for progress on equal pay, fair maternity leave and better access to technology for women. In a region where corruption scandals often hurt presidencies, South America s women leaders were no honorable exception. Rousseff was removed from office in 2016 on accusations she manipulated budget laws and was later charged with graft. A judge in Argentina has charged Fernandez, now a senator who is also under investigation for graft, with treason for allegedly covering up Iran s possible role in a 1994 bombing. Both women deny wrongdoing. Rousseff recently visited Fernandez in her apartment in Buenos Aires to commiserate, and has said sexism played a role in her own impeachment. Brazil s conservative President Michel Temer appointed an all-male cabinet after Rousseff s exit. She was voted out after lawmakers held up signs saying  bye, dear!  In contrast, Pinera said on Monday he would announce the  women and men  who would form his team, a sign he would create a balanced cabinet, perhaps taking his lead from Bachelet, whose first cabinet was exactly half men and half women. Bachelet s own approval ratings were hit hard after her daughter-in-law was accused of using political ties to get access to a bank loan. Although Latin America is poised to hold six elections next year - in Costa Rica, Paraguay, Colombia, Venezuela, Mexico and Brazil - the chances for another female president are slim. In Mexico, leftist frontrunner Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador has repeatedly referred to his rival Margarita Zavala as  the wife of Felipe Calderon  - her husband and a former president - angering her supporters, who charge it is sexist. She is polling around 10 percent of votes. In Brazil, Marina Silva, who has lost the presidency twice, recently joined the race and lies third in most polls. A number of female candidates are expected to compete in Colombia s presidential race, though none is expected to win. Maria Eugenia Vidal, the governor of Argentina s largest province of Buenos Aires, is the country s most popular politician, according to several polls, but is not expected to run for president in 2019. Still-rampant sexism and sexual harassment in politics remain deterrents to women who want to rise to the top, said Mercedes Araoz, Peru s Prime Minister and a former presidential candidate.   I ve been a victim (of sexual harassment),  Araoz recently told journalists.  It s important to realize how discouraging it can be.  ",1
11870,"Argentina Congress passes pension reform after protests, clashes","BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Argentina s Congress passed a reform to the pension system on Tuesday, after days of demonstrations by the bill s opponents and violent clashes between protesters and police. The measure is central to President Mauricio Macri s plan to slash the fiscal deficit and attract investment. It paves the way for further market-friendly legislation that his Cambiemos, or  Let s Change  coalition hopes to pass in extraordinary congressional sessions before the end of the year. The law changes the formula used to calculate benefits by linking them to consumer prices instead of tax income and wage hikes. The government says that will make benefits more predictable and sustainable, and they will still increase by more than inflation next year.   This formula guarantees that over the next few years, retirees will never lose against a jump in inflation,  said Macri, who took office in December 2015 after more than a decade of populist rule. Macri tweaked his proposal, pledging a one-time bonus payment to the neediest retirees, after clashes last Thursday derailed congressional debate. Still, the measure generated fierce criticism from opposition lawmakers and labor unions, who say it will hurt retirees. The debate prompted demonstrations on Monday. Thousands took to the streets of the capital Buenos Aires and around the country, banging pots and pans and blaring car horns. Stone-throwing protesters confronted police, who responded with water canon, rubber bullets and tear gas. Dozens were injured.  All these changes generate discomfort, but they are necessary,  Macri said after the measure passed the lower chamber of deputies 127-117, with two abstentions, following an all-night debate session. The Senate approved the proposal last month. The government will now press congressional votes on a tax code overhaul and a deal with provinces to limit spending, Macri told reporters. Economists, noting that inflation expectations are lower, said linking benefits to consumer prices would lower spending by around 0.5 percent of gross domestic product (GDP) next year.  But savings from the pension reform will finance transfers from the national treasury to provinces as part of the fiscal pact, said economist Ariel Barraud of the Argentina Fiscal Analysis Institute in Cordoba, Argentina.  Almost all of the savings obtained from the pension formula change will go to compensate the fiscal deal,  Barraud told Reuters by phone.   Argentina s government is aiming to cut the deficit to 3.2 percent of GDP from 4.2 percent currently.  Cambiemos lacks a majority in Congress despite a strong performance in October s legislative midterm. Dozens of votes from opposition lawmakers were needed to pass the pension measure. Other leaders in South America have had a harder time implementing similar business-friendly agendas.  In Peru, measures meant to boost growth have stalled as President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski has fought efforts to remove him over his ties to scandal-plagued Brazilian builder Odebrecht. Brazil s efforts at its own pension reform were recently pushed back until next year. Despite passage of the pension measure, Macri s agenda still faces substantial popular skepticism.   They are encroaching upon the rights of society s most vulnerable,  opposition lawmaker Facundo Moyano said during the congressional debate. ",1
11871,EU's Juncker says approves of Austria's pro-European coalition deal,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said on Tuesday he approved of Austria s coalition agreement, saying he would judge the government of Christian Democrats and the far-right Freedom Party by its deeds.  As is the case with all governments, we will assess the Austrian government by its deeds,  Juncker told a news conference in Brussels, after meeting with Austria s new Chancellor Sebastian Kurz. Juncker said he believed the coalition agreement showed Austria was on a pro-European path. ",1
11872,Arrested Myanmar reporters: Two book lovers dedicated to their craft,"YANGON/BANGKOK (Reuters) - In many ways Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo, two Reuters journalists arrested in Myanmar, symbolize their country s emergence after decades of isolation. Both from modest, provincial backgrounds, they worked hard to pursue careers that would have been impossible in the junta era into which they were born.  Following are profiles of the two journalists, who were arrested on Dec. 12 and have been held since then without contact with their families or a lawyer, accused of breaching the country s Official Secrets Act: Wa Lone, 31, grew up in Kin Pyit, a village of some 100 households in the Shwe Bo district north of Mandalay, on Myanmar s dry central plain between the mighty Irrawaddy and Chindwin rivers. One of five children, his parents were rice farmers and there was little money. His mother died from cancer when he was young. But he was a good student, according to friends and family, and took a keen interest in news from an early age. One of his brothers, Thura Aung, remembers Wa Lone, aged around 10, watching bulletins on a shared TV in their village.  Sometimes he would play at being an anchor,  said Thura Aung, 26.  He always said he wanted to be a reporter in the future.  After finishing school at 16 he enrolled as a student at a government technical university, but left after a couple of semesters because his family could not afford the tuition. Around 2004 he went to Mawlamyine, Myanmar s fourth biggest city, living in a Buddhist monastery where his uncle was a monk. In exchange for a place to stay, he would get up at 5 a.m. to clean and prepare food for the monks before going to work at a photo services business. Wa Lone showed a talent for design and photography, and soon set up a small photo services shop of his own, which he ran with Thura Aung. In December 2010, having saved a little money, the brothers moved back to Yangon, where Wa Lone could pursue his boyhood dream. Living in North Okklapa township, near the city s airport, they re-established their photo services business, while Wa Lone also enrolled in a media training school and later began taking English classes. Mindy Walker, an American teacher who met him in 2012, recalls a  skinny kid from the village who had little interaction with foreigners .  He was so nervous he fled her English class the first time he was called on to answer a question.  We still joke about that moment and he tells every new student in our class that story so that they feel more confident,  said Walker in an email.  His heart is huge and he is always encouraging others to succeed.  Within five or six months Wa Lone had landed his first job in journalism on the weekly People s Age in Yangon, where his editor was Pe Myint - now Myanmar s Minister of Information. In 2014, he joined the English-language daily, Myanmar Times, covering the historic 2015 general election that swept Nobel peace prize laureate Aung San Suu Kyi to power.  As soon as I met Wa Lone, I knew we had to hire him,  said the paper s former editor, Thomas Kean.  He was thoughtful, articulate and clearly cared deeply about journalism.  As well as providing a platform for him to excel as a journalist, the two years he spent at the Myanmar Times was a significant period in Wa Lone s life - it was there that he met his wife Pan Ei Mon who works in the paper s sales and marketing department. The couple married in April last year. Despite the long hours chasing stories and studying, Wa Lone has still found time to write a children s book, The Gardener, a story in Burmese and English with an environmental message that draws on his own rural roots. He co-founded the Third Story Project, a charitable foundation that produces and distributes stories that aim to promote tolerance between Myanmar s different ethnic groups, and is involved in projects working with orphans. Many of his weekends off have been spent visiting poor rural villages - much like the one where he grew up.  He brings story books from Third Story and gives them to children,  said Pan Ei Mon.  He reads to them and does painting competitions and sings with the children.  Wa Lone joined Reuters in July 2016 and quickly made his mark with in-depth stories on sensitive subjects including land grabs by the powerful military and the murder of prominent politician Ko Ni, as well as uncovering evidence of killings by soldiers in the northeast. His reporting on the crisis that erupted in northwestern Rakhine state in October 2016 won him a joint honorable mention from the Society of Publishers in Asia in its annual awards. He returned to Rakhine this year, after attacks by Rohingya Muslim militants on security forces in August triggered a crackdown by the army. Covering such subjects is not easy in a country where the transition from decades of junta rule is proving painful.  His bravery over the past year, and particularly since Aug. 25, has been incredible. It s hard to describe the tide of ill-feeling towards journalists who question the military-government narrative on Rakhine,  said Kean, his former editor.  As soon as one of my colleagues said,  Have you heard about Wa Lone? , I knew he d been arrested. His reporting has undoubtedly made him a target. It s heartbreaking, infuriating and completely unsurprising.    Family and friends of Kyaw Soe Oo say he has always had a love of writing, and composed poetry before becoming a journalist. Min Min, the founder of the Root Investigative Agency, where Kyaw Soe Oo worked after starting his reporting career with the online Rakhine Development News, described the 27-year-old as  a joyful person  who had many friends.  When I first met him in 2013, he was a poet not a journalist and not interested in journalism yet,  said Min Min.  An ethnic Rakhine Buddhist, Kyaw Soe Oe grew up in the state capital Sittwe, and was one of five siblings.  He is a good elder brother,  said his sister, Nyo Nyo Aye, adding that her brother always stood out from the crowd.  He was always with books. He went to the book store or second-hand booksellers. He spent all his money buying books. .  Childhood friend Zaw Myo Thu said he avoided becoming caught up in the communal tensions between Rakhine Buddhists and Rohingya Muslims that have seethed in the city since the upheavals in 2012.  He wrote poems. He loved to read,  he said.  He never fought with anyone.  But it was that conflict which drew him into journalism, covering Rakhine issues. He had been with Reuters since September, reporting on the army s crackdown in the aftermath of militant attacks on security forces on Aug. 25.  As a journalist, he will cover news, but I think he will do it fairly because he does not discriminate between races,  said his sister Nyo Nyo Aye.  He just realises all are human.  For Reuters, Kyaw Soe Oo worked on an investigative story about Myanmar s plan to harvest the crops of Rohingya farmers who fled to Bangladesh, and reported on how some Buddhists were enforcing local-level segregation in central Rakhine.  He didn t tell me about the work and I never asked,  said his wife, Chit Thu Win, with whom he has a three-year-old daughter.  I believed in him that he is doing the right thing and he s just following his passion. He wanted to be a writer.  ",1
11873,Detained Reuters journalist wrote children's book on nature and absence,"YANGON (Reuters) - At the end of an illustrated book written for children in Myanmar, a much-loved village teacher who has planted many trees and a beautiful garden tells his students that the time has come for him to leave them.  Oh students,  he says.  I won t be here but you will still have the trees to give you fruit and shade and take care of you every year. So you will remember me and not be so sad.  The author of  The Gardener  was Wa Lone, one of two Reuters journalists who were arrested in Yangon last week and accused of violating the country s colonial-era Official Secrets Act. Wa Lone, 31, and Kyaw Soe Oo, 27, had worked on Reuters coverage of a crisis that has seen some 650,000 Rohingya Muslims flee from a fierce military crackdown on militants in the western state of Rakhine. They have not been seen for a week.   The Gardener  is one of a series published by The Third Story Project, a venture co-founded by Wa Lone that produces books in Burmese, other Myanmar languages and English and distributes them free to children across the country. On the project s website, Wa Lone says the aim was to promote tolerance and harmony in an increasingly multicultural and diverse world.  Lack of understanding has led to conflicts between different communities and finally destroyed peace and stability,  he wrote.  I love every Third Story book because they address important issues for future generations.  In Wa Lone s story, which also carries a message of the importance of protecting the environment, the teacher scatters seeds from his bicycle on the journey to school and years later they have grown into huge trees. He also plants a garden with his students and, there, he tells them stories. He leaves them one day to help another village, where all the trees had been cut down and there was no fruit, water or shelter for the people and animals. The last page of the story shows a figure in the distance and the words:  The teacher said goodbye to his students and rode his old bicycle down the road toward the other village.  ",1
11874,U.S. State Department calls for Myanmar to release Reuters journalists,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department called on Tuesday for the immediate release of two Reuters journalists who have been detained for about a week in Myanmar and whose whereabouts have not been reported to their families.  We ve been ... following the cases of the two reporters, the Reuters reporters, very closely. We re deeply concerned about their detention. We do not know their whereabouts. That is of concern also,  State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert told a news briefing.  Today I want to make it clear that we re calling for their immediate release.     ",1
11875,French Socialists sell historic headquarters for $53 million,"PARIS (Reuters) - France s struggling Socialist Party said on Tuesday it had agreed to sell its historic headquarters in Paris  Left Bank for 45.5 million euros ($53.89 million), after a stinging electoral defeat this year left it strapped for cash. The mansion - in Socialist hands since 1980, just before Francois Mitterrand became the party s first leader to rise to the presidency - will be sold to French property developer Apsys.  The center-left party won just 29 parliamentary seats in a legislative election this year, down from 280 previously in the 577-strong chamber, causing it to lose state subsidies.  The Socialists also suffered an electoral drubbing in the presidential race in May, as centrist newcomer Emmanuel Macron took power, blowing apart France s traditional two-party system in the process.  The center-left party s candidate limped into fifth place, after Francois Hollande, whose election five years earlier was hailed as a new dawn for French Socialists, did not seek re-election following an unpopular presidency. Center-left parties across Europe have struggled to win back voters in the wake of recessions and a global banking crisis that have spawned newer political parties and increased support in some cases for more radical forces on the left. Macron s upstart Republic on the Move party has now the largest number of seats in the lower house of parliament.  Funds from the sale of the Socialist headquarters will partly be used for future campaigns. The party said it would not have to move out until next September.  The Socialists are currently being managed by a committee and the party is due to hold a leadership contest next April.   ",1
11876,Billionaire Odebrecht in Brazil scandal released to house arrest,"RIO DE JANEIRO/SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Billionaire Marcelo Odebrecht, the highest-profile executive imprisoned in Brazil s massive graft scandal, was released from jail on Tuesday to continue his sentence for corruption under house arrest, according to a federal court. The former chief executive officer of Odebrecht SA [ODBES.UL], Latin America s largest construction firm, was arrested in 2015 during an investigation dubbed Car Wash that exposed billions of dollars in kickbacks to politicians and executives at state-run companies in exchange for inflated contracts. Odebrecht was set to travel to Sao Paulo to begin his house arrest under electronic surveillance on Tuesday, according to the federal court in Parana. A representative for the former executive said he remained committed to collaborating with authorities under a leniency deal.  Odebrecht was first sentenced to 19 years in prison in one of the many cases related to Car Wash. That was reduced to 10 years after he signed a leniency deal last December in exchange for paying a nearly $2 billion fine, admitting guilt and providing evidence to authorities. He has already served two-and-a-half years in prison. Under the deal, he must serve another two-and-a-half years under house arrest. He will then be permitted to leave his home for work for another two-and-a-half years. He will then be required to do community service for the rest of his 10-year sentence. Separately Tuesday, Brazil s antitrust watchdog Cade said it was investigating two alleged cartels involved in bidding for Sao Paulo infrastructure projects after receiving information provided by Odebrecht executives.     ",1
11877,Merkel admits mistakes in the 2016 Christmas market attack,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany should learn from security shortcomings exposed by a deadly truck attack on a Berlin Christmas market a year ago and increase aid to survivors and families of victims, Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Tuesday. Anis Amri, a failed Tunisian asylum seeker with Islamist links, hijacked a truck on Dec. 19, 2016, killed the driver and then plowed it into a crowded market place, killing 11 more people and injuring dozens of others. Merkel spoke on the anniversary of the attack at the unveiling of a memorial on the Breitscheidplatz square where it took place. The ceremony came amid criticism from families of the victims and from survivors about the government s handling of the incident.  Today is a day for mourning but also a day for the determination of making things better that did not work (in the past),  Merkel said. Merkel, who met victims and relatives of those killed at the chancellery on Monday, said she would meet the group again in a few months to provide updates on lessons learned from Germany s worst Islamist militant attack. Hundreds of people gathered with candles at the site after a  church service at the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church that was also attended by Berlin mayor Michael Mueller and former German President Joachim Gauck.  The church bells tolled for 12 minutes, one minute for each of those killed, at 8:02 p.m., the precise time when the attack occurred. The normally crowded Christmas market at the plaza remained closed all day on Tuesday. The memorial shows the names of the victims carved on the steps of the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church near the scene of the attack. A long crack filled with metal and gold alloy runs through the steps and the Christmas market.     President Frank-Walter Steinmeier said support for the victims of the attack came late and had not been sufficient.  It s bitter that the state could not protect your relatives,  Steinmeier said addressing the families. German Justice Minister Heiko Maas said the government had not been well enough prepared to avert such an attack.  We can only apologize for the victims and the surviving relatives,  Maas wrote in an article published in Tagesspiegel paper on Tuesday.  The German government has agreed to increase compensation payments to victims  families and survivors after complaints that the 10,000 euros ($11,820) compensation the German government had offered was insufficient, Kurt Beck, an advocate for victims and survivors said on Tuesday. Dozens of protesters rallied near the Breitscheidplatz, carrying signs expressing solidarity with the victims but warning against turning the tragic event into a rallying cry against Islam, as some far-right groups have sought to do.  I m angry about the right wing s efforts to instrumentalize this,  said Martin Pfaff, who organized the event.  That s why we re making clear that racism cannot be an answer to terrorism.  ",1
11878,"Honduran president ignores new election calls, opponent warns of 'civil war'","TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - The president of Honduras declared himself re-elected on Tuesday despite calls from the Organization of American States (OAS) for a fresh vote over allegations of fraud and deadly protests following last month s disputed election. In Washington, his rival asked the United States and others to reject the result and cut off aid, warning that protests in which more than 20 people have died could escalate into generalized violence unless there is a new election. The opposition alliance said it would file a legal challenge to the country s electoral tribunal s verdict that President Juan Orlando Hernandez won the Nov. 26 election. Hernandez spoke for the first time since the tribunal issued  that verdict on Sunday. A partial recount did not tip the result in favor of his opponent, TV host Salvador Nasralla, the tribunal said. Hernandez, who is an ally of the United States, said in a televised address that he would bring  peace, harmony and prosperity  to the poor Central American nation.  As a citizen and president-elect of all Hondurans, I humbly accept the will of the Honduran people,  said Hernandez, a conservative who has led a military crackdown on the country s violent gangs.  Nasralla, who leads a center-left coalition, called for a new vote monitored by international observers, saying Hernandez was holding onto power illegally.   Honduras runs the risk of falling into an undesired and fratricidal civil war, with unforeseen consequences in the Central American region,  he told reporters. At least 24 people, including two police officers, have died in simmering protests around the country since the opposition declared fraud, according to the Honduran human rights group COFADEH, which tracks kidnappings and murders by the state. However, for the most part the protests have been relatively small. Opposition leaders have accused government security forces of firing into barricades and peaceful protests. A military official said troops are firing only into the air and only if they are in imminent danger, such as coming under fire. Opposition leaders deny protesters are armed with guns. The political unrest has hit a country that struggles with violent drug gangs, one of world s highest murder rates - although murders have dropped under Hernandez s crackdown - and endemic poverty. Together, these drive a tide of Hondurans to migrate to the United States.  Nasralla traveled on Monday to Washington to meet with OAS Secretary General Luis Almagro and a senior State Department official. Following his visit, the U.S. State Department urged Honduran political parties to raise any concerns about the official results through a formal legal challenge this week - the step that Nasralla s opposition alliance said later in the day that it would take. However, Nasralla earlier rejected the value of a legal challenge, saying the courts are controlled by Hernandez. Instead, he said the United States, Latin American countries and other foreign powers should push for fresh elections, not recognize the current results and cut off aid to Honduras.  In the midst of the post-election chaos, the U.S. State Department certified late last month that the Honduran government has been fighting corruption and supporting human rights, clearing the way for Honduras to receive millions of dollars in U.S. aid. As results rolled in on Nov. 26, Nasralla initially seemed headed for an upset win. But results abruptly stopped being issued. When they restarted, the outcome began to favor Hernandez, arousing suspicion among Nasralla supporters. Shortly after the electoral tribunal backed Hernandez s victory on Sunday, the OAS said the election did not meet democratic standards and called for a re-run. On Monday, one of Hernandez s top officials rejected the call for another vote. Hernandez, 49, has been supported by U.S. President Donald Trump s chief of staff, John Kelly, since Kelly was a top general. ",1
11879,Honduran opposition says will formally challenge election result,TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - The head of an opposition alliance in Honduras on Tuesday said the group would file a legal challenge to annul the official results of last month s disputed vote that handed victory to the sitting president.  ,1
11880,"Trump, UK's May talk Middle East peace - White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and British Prime Minister Theresa May talked about ways to move towards peace in the Middle East in a phone call on Tuesday, the White House said.  The president and Prime Minister discussed next steps in forging peace in the Middle East,  the White House said in a brief statement that made no mention of Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital.  Both leaders also emphasized the urgency of addressing the humanitarian crisis in Yemen.  Trump also congratulated May on the decision by European Union leaders to move to the second phase of the Brexit negotiations, the White House said. ",1
11881,"Kenya police raid Islamic school, arresting teachers and holding 100 children","MOMBASA, Kenya (Reuters) - Kenyan police raided an Islamic school on Tuesday, arresting two teachers and taking around 100 children into protective custody in what police described as a counter-terrorism operation involving foreign law-enforcement agencies.  Police described the school in Likoni, south of the  port city of Mombasa, as a center for indoctrinating young men and children with militant ideology.   The place has been monitored for a long time,  said a police source who asked not to be named. The police spokesman was unavailable for comment.  Kenya is mostly Christian but has a large Islamic population. It is relatively free from religious tension, although it has suffered repeated deadly attacks from Somali Islamist extremists.  A local Muslim leader confirmed the operation but said there  was no evidence of any illegal activity.  A group of local and foreign police officers raided the madrasa (Islamic school) where the pupils were sleeping and took them with their teachers,  Sheikh Hassan Omar, a senior official in the Council of Imams and Preachers of Kenya (CIPK), an umbrella body for Kenya s religious leaders, told journalists in Mombasa.  There are nearly 100 pupils and four madrasa teachers who have been arrested and detained at police headquarters and nobody is telling us what crime they have committed.   It was not immediately clear why the police and CIPK gave different totals for the number of teachers arrested. Omar said the officers asked for identification documents, including birth certificates from the children, and their teachers before they took them. Another police source told Reuters the operation was sparked by intelligence information that both foreign and local children were being indoctrinated in the school.  We have been assisted by some friends from outside with information and monitoring of this madrasa. That is normal with such cross-border criminal issues,  said another senior police officer, who also asked not to be named. He did say which foreign country was involved in the raid.  They (the children) will be released one by one after we interrogate and clear them,  he said. ",1
11882,Convicted 'bookkeeper of Auschwitz' challenges jail time,"BERLIN (Reuters) - A 96-year-old German convicted over his role in the murders of 300,000 people at the Auschwitz Nazi death camp has challenged his four-year prison sentence, arguing that imprisonment would violate his right to life, German media reported on Tuesday. A German court on Nov. 29 ruled that Oskar Groening, known as the  bookkeeper of Auschwitz , was fit to go to prison and rejected his plea for the sentence to be suspended. Groening, who is physically frail, was sentenced to four years in prison in 2015, in one of the last cases against a surviving Nazi, but he has not been incarcerated since then because of the legal argument about his health. Broadcaster ntv quoted Groening s lawyer, Hans Holtermann, as saying that the latest legal challenge asked Germany s constitutional court to determine if imprisonment would violate Groening s right to life, given his medical condition. He told the broadcaster that an expert had concluded that Groening was not fit enough to be imprisoned. Holtermann could not be immediately reached for comment. The Nov. 29 court ruling had said that enforcing Groening s sentence would not breach his fundamental rights and added that special needs related to his age could be addressed in prison. Groening, a former Nazi SS officer, did not kill anyone himself while working at the camp in Nazi-occupied Poland. But a court convicted him in 2015 of aiding and abetting mass murder there through various actions, including by sorting banknotes seized from arriving Jews. He admitted during his trial that he was morally guilty and said he had been an enthusiastic Nazi when he was sent to work at Auschwitz in 1942 at the age of 21. Some six million Jews were murdered during the Holocaust carried out under Adolf Hitler. ",1
11883,"Colombia names new peace negotiator with ELN, seeks ceasefire extension","BOGOTA (Reuters) - Colombia s President Juan Manuel Santos on Tuesday named Gustavo Bell as the government s chief negotiator in peace talks with Marxist ELN rebels and said the government will work toward extending a ceasefire with the insurgent group.  Bell, who was vice president under President Andres Pastrana from 1998 to 2002 and is currently ambassador to Cuba, replaces Juan Camilo Restrepo, who guided talks with the National Liberation Army (ELN) since they began in February.  Santos said in a televised address the government hopes to extend a ceasefire that began in October and ends on Jan. 9.  With the ELN, we have for the first time achieved a stoppage of hostilities that, while not perfect, has been positive. We will work toward improving it and extending it in January,  Santos said. The ELN on Sunday said it is willing to continue the ceasefire if there is sufficient progress in peace talks. It said it would assess the government s willingness to overcome hurdles. The ELN and the government have been in negotiations in Quito for 10 months, after a long and secret exploratory phase, in a bid to end more than 53 years of war. Santos, who leaves office next year, signed a peace accord in late 2016 with the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC), which has now become a political party and hopes to fight the government at the ballot box. The ELN s first-ever ceasefire is being supervised by the Roman Catholic Church and the United Nations. The 2,000-strong ELN, which has regularly bombed oil infrastructure and taken hostages, has continued kidnapping despite the ceasefire. An indigenous leader in Choco province died in October after being taken by the group. ",1
11884,Exclusive: Mexican leftist has 11-point lead ahead of 2018 election - poll,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexican leftist Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador has an 11-percentage point lead ahead of next year s presidential election, according to an opinion poll taken in the last week, giving him a sizeable advantage even after new rivals formally entered the race. The former Mexico City mayor Lopez Obrador has vowed to combat inequality and corruption, but some international investors are concerned about suggestions that he might reverse parts of the government s 2013-14 energy legislation. The poll, carried out and financed by Mexican public opinion firm Parametria, was provided exclusively to Reuters ahead of wider publication later on Tuesday. It was taken between Dec.14 and Dec.17. It found that 31 percent of those asked who they would vote for if the election were today would choose Lopez Obrador, followed by former Finance Minister Jose Antonio Meade, seeking nomination for the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), on 20 percent. Ricardo Anaya, former leader of the center-right National Action Party (PAN) was third on 19 percent, the poll said. Anaya resigned this month to pursue the presidency in an alliance with the center-left Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD). The Parametria poll also included potential independent candidates, former first lady Margarita Zavala and Nuevo Leon Governor Jaime Rodriguez, giving them 10 percent and 2 percent respectively. Of the 800 people surveyed, 18 percent answered none of the listed candidates, did not know or did not reply. The Parametria poll is the first conducted since Lopez Obrador joined up with the conservative Social Encounter Party (PES), sparking worries among his progressive backers.  But the controversial alliance appears to have had little immediate effect on his advantage. The poll shows Lopez Obrador slightly further ahead than a survey by Mexican newspaper El Universal published in early December that gave him an eight-point lead. A survey by pollster Mitofsky, also from early December, showed a much closer race, with Lopez Obrador on 23 percent of the vote, followed by Anaya with 20 percent support and Meade with 19 percent.  Lopez Obrador unveiled his planned cabinet last week, including tapping a moderate U.S.-trained economist for finance minister and splitting the posts evenly between women and men.   The Parametria poll was conducted face-to-face and has a margin of error of 3.5 percentage points.  Mexican political parties have until March to formally register candidates. ",1
11885,Uganda parliament debate on presidential age cap halted as scuffles break out,"KAMPALA (Reuters) - Uganda s parliament abruptly adjourned a debate on Tuesday over extending President Yoweri Museveni s decades in power after a lawmaker said soldiers had entered the building and members of parliament scuffled with police.  There were so many (soldiers), I saw them. They were in the chaplaincy,  legislator Gaffa Mbwatekamwa, among several in Museveni s ruling party who oppose extending his rule, told a local television station. Scuffles broke out between lawmakers and police shortly after speaker Rebecca Kadaga adjourned the debate, just moments starting it early on Tuesday. It was unclear what triggered the confrontation. Television footage showed chaotic scenes of lawmakers and police both trying to address the cameras. The incident followed a similar disruption to a debate on the issue in September. The army did not immediately reply to a request for comment. Police spokesman Emilian Kayima said they had no immediate comment but would issue a statement later. Lawmakers were debating a draft bill that would remove a constitutional age cap that bars Museveni from standing again.  The constitution limits the age of a presidential candidate to 75, making 73-year-old Museveni ineligible to stand at the next election in 2021. Museveni has ruled for 31 years but public anger is mounting over corruption, rights violations and poor social services.  The opposition, church leaders, and even some members of the ruling party oppose the amendment. Police have put down protests against it using teargas, beatings, detentions and live bullets. At least two people have been killed. A previous attempt to debate the bill in September ended with lawmakers trading punches and throwing chairs and the forcible intervention of security forces. Several legislators were hospitalized with injuries. Mbwatekamwa said he recognized some members of the military in parliament from the fracas in September.  Some are in civilian clothes, some of the soldiers are the ones who manhandled us the other time,  he said.  Proceedings resumed about two hours after they were suspended and stretched on for about seven hours before Kadaga adjourned them again to Wednesday, when a final vote on the bill is expected. The latest attempt to debate the law started on Monday with the presentation of a report by a House committee. The speaker suspended six legislators opposed to the measure on Monday for disorderly conduct.  Both police and military have been deployed around parliament this week. Lawmakers say the heavy security is designed to intimidate them, but police say it is to prevent protests. The military usually does not comment on political matters. Several African leaders have amended laws designed to limit their tenure. Such moves have fueled violence in countries including Burundi, Democratic Republic of Congo and South Sudan. ",1
11886,Malta court hears blogger bomb probably triggered from boat at sea,"VALLETTA (Reuters) - The bomb used to kill Maltese anti-corruption blogger Daphne Caruana Galizia was probably triggered by a call from a boat off Malta, an investigator said on Tuesday, laying out initial evidence against three suspects. Caruana Galizia died in the powerful blast as she was driving near her home in the village of Bidnija on Oct. 16   a killing that appalled Europe and raised questions about the rule of law on the tiny Mediterranean island. Brothers Alfred and George Degiorgio, and Vince Muscat were arrested earlier this month in connection with the murder. The three men, who were known to police, have denied any wrongdoing. Police started laying out their evidence against the trio to a Malta court which will decide whether to order a trial. One of the chief investigators, Keith Arnaud, described how a team from the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation, brought in by the Malta government to help solve the crime, had focused on a phone number which received a text message at the time of the explosion in Bidnija. Police say the number was not attached to a mobile phone but to a circuit board used in remote-control devices. The appliance was switched on at 2 a.m. local time in Bidnija on the day of the explosion and went off the grid at the time of the blast.  Part of the circuit board was later found in the wreckage of the car. Cell phone data suggested the device was triggered by a call from off the coast. CCTV video showed a boat owned by the Degiorgio brothers putting to sea at around 8 a.m. on the day of the killing. It was later seen still at sea at 2.50 p.m. and was idling at the time of the explosion before returning to harbor.  The three suspects had never been the target of any of Caruana Galizia s often fierce blogs, leading to questions over their possible motive. The blogger s family say the people who ordered the killing remain at large. Arnaud revealed that police had already been tapping the phone of George Degiorgio at the time of the murder and had heard him asking two separate people to top up the credit of a mobile phone number on the morning of the blast. He did not go into further details, but local media have reported that the same number might have triggered the bomb. Arnaud was the first person called to testify in the pre-trial hearing, which has been delayed twice over the past week after the initial two magistrates assigned to the case recused themselves. A third magistrate, Claire Stafrace Zammit, rejected calls by the defense for her also to abstain from the case because Caruana Galizia had once praised her husband. She dismissed the request as frivolous. The hearing will resume on Wednesday. ",1
11887,U.N. to make proposals to kickstart Syrian reform process,"UNITED NATIONS/GENEVA (Reuters) - The United Nations will propose to Syria s warring parties a timeline for elections and guidance on constitutional reform in a bid to revive stalled peace talks, mediator Staffan de Mistura told the U.N. Security Council on Tuesday. The Council launched the peace process two years ago with instructions to negotiate new governance for Syria, U.N.-supervised elections and constitutional reform. But the eighth round ended last week with no dialogue between the two sides. The U.N. could make recommendations on a timeline to broker elections for all Syrians including refugees and internally displaced people because only such a process would be seen as legitimate by ordinary Syrians, de Mistura said.  It could also help to guide constitutional reform and help establish a constitutional commission and a national dialogue body, with the Syrian people solely responsible for writing and approving a new constitution.   The time has come for the U.N. to provide some specific elaborations ... and therefore stimulate a wider conversation,  he said.  The U.N. has provided electoral assistance to a majority of U.N. member states ... so we do have experience.   These propositions are advanced in good faith by the U.N. in order to promote fresh thinking in all quarters,  he said.   He said the reform process would need the backing of parties in the Geneva talks and suggested they had already signed up to the overarching principles and he planned to set out his ideas early in 2018, when a ninth round of talks is penciled in.       I cannot hide my disappointment,  de Mistura said over the failed eighth round. He said representatives of President Bashar al-Assad had also introduced a new condition by insisting that there could be no political movement until all sovereignty was restored and terrorism defeated in all Syrian territory. That suggested any reforms would be  put aside for a long period , which was very worrying, said de Mistura, a 47-year U.N. veteran known for his optimism and reliance on creative ideas to resolve crises that may appear intractable. With fresh thinking, the U.N. mandate could be implemented,  even in the context of the realpolitik of 2018 , he said. ",1
11888,Exclusive: Anti-money laundering group blasts Mexico in draft report,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexican prosecutors are failing to systematically punish money launderers and tax authorities are too lax with potential drug money fronts such as real estate and luxury goods firms, according to a draft report on Mexico s efforts to fight illicit finance. The report by the Financial Action Task Force (FATF), an international organization that sets global standards for fighting illicit finance, highlights the tiny dents made by Mexican prosecutors in the financial networks of drug gangs and corrupt officials. Mexico has been slipping in convictions, data in the report shows. The country already lagged regional peers such as Colombia and Brazil, both of which have made strides in setting up independent prosecutors.  Money laundering is not investigated and prosecuted in a proactive and systematic fashion,  said the draft of the report, sections of which were seen by Reuters. Its publication is set for early January. The finance ministry and attorney general s office did not respond to a request for comment for this story.  Mexico is the top source of illegal drugs to the United States and both countries  authorities have been criticized by civil society groups for leaving drug gang finances largely intact.  The more than 200-page report commends efforts to clean up the Mexican banking sector after U.S. investigations in the mid-2000s showed global banks processed billions of dollars in drug gang cash. Officials say tighter regulations flushed much illicit money from the banking system. However, the report says Mexican tax authorities did not do enough to monitor businesses outside the financial sector used for money laundering, such as real estate. Since 2014, Mexico s tax authority has had powers to audit more than 64,000 businesses considered high risk. But it has only allocated 16 people to probe those companies and since 2014 they have audited just 118, or less than 0.2 percent, the draft noted. The lack of a national registry of shareholders has made it difficult for authorities to follow the complex money trails used by drug gangs and corrupt officials to hide ill-gotten funds, the report said.   The draft seen by Reuters was hammered out at closed-door meetings in Buenos Aires last month.  An earlier draft prepared by a team of officials led by the International Monetary Fund was harsher, according to two sources familiar with the issue. The IMF did not respond to a request for comment. The earlier draft noted poor co-ordination between financial officials, prosecutors and security forces within Mexico, and flagged weak co-operation with the United States, the sources said. However, Mexican officials convinced the assessors to tone down the report, they said. During the Argentina meetings, Mexico s government said in a statement that the FATF report identified areas for improvement on its efforts to combat money laundering but  affirms that there is good co-ordination between authorities and extensive international co-operation.  Mexico is making little headway in seizing illicit cash, according to the government s own estimates. Data in the report provided by Mexico shows the country seized just $32.5 million in 2016. That represents less than 0.1 percent of the $58.5 billion of illicit revenues the government estimates is generated by organized crime annually. Also, fewer investigations than in previous years were based on information from the financial intelligence unit (FIU), a part of the finance ministry, the report notes.  Setting up sophisticated FIUs that target major operations is key to effectively fighting money laundering, compared to cases that stem from routine police and customs busts. Yet only 8 percent of investigations in Mexico last year were based on FIU reports, according to data in the FATF report. That is down from around an average of 15 percent in recent years.  Mexico is at the bottom of major countries in terms of its efforts to fight money laundering, said Edgardo Buscaglia, an expert on organized crime at Columbia University. While convictions based on FIU data have grown more than fourfold in Brazil and nearly sixfold in Colombia since 2000, Mexico has seen the number drop, according to data compiled by Buscaglia that runs through 2015.   The financial intelligence unit is not engaging the criminal networks,  Buscaglia said.  They are not passing the right kind of data.   ",1
11889,"Be careful of lithium ion batteries, Europe warns Christmas air travellers","BERLIN (Reuters) - European aviation safety authorities have urged airlines to remind passengers about how best to transport electronic devices containing lithium ion batteries over the busy Christmas travel period.  Lithium ion batteries, found in devices such as laptops, mobile phones, tablets, and electronic cigarettes, are seen as a fire risk, and there are concerns that if a fire were to start in the hold of a plane, it could not easily be extinguished.   It is important that airlines inform their passengers that large personal electronic devices should be carried in the passenger cabin whenever possible,  the European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) said in a statement on Tuesday.  Many airlines in Europe already have their own procedures in place, such as telling passengers that laptops should not be carried in hold baggage. EASA said that where such items are too large to be carried in the cabin, then they must be completely switched off, protected from accidental activation, and packaged suitably to avoid damage. They should also not be carried in the same bag as flammable items such as perfume or aerosols.  EASA also said that if devices cannot be carried in the cabin, such as when passengers have to put carry-on bags in the hold due to a lack of space in the cabin, airlines should remember to ask passengers to remove any spare batteries or e-cigarettes. Lithium ion batteries are also used to power so-called smart bags, suitcases which offer GPS tracking and can charge devices, weigh themselves or be locked remotely using mobile phones. ",1
11890,Zimbabwe's Mnangagwa drops hint military chief set for vice presidency,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwean President Emmerson Mnangagwa gave his clearest signal yet on Tuesday that he would appoint as vice president the military leader who led the de facto coup that ousted former leader Robert Mugabe last month. At a ceremony marking Constantino Chiwenga s retirement and handover of the military reins to Phillip Sibanda at an army barracks near Harare s international airport, Mnangagwa lauded Chiwenga for his consistency and steadfastness.  I therefore urge you to maintain the same loyalty, robustness and dedication to duty as you move to your next assignment which is quite prominent,  he said without elaborating. Mnangagwa said on Friday he would fill the two vice presidential posts in the following few days. Chiwenga is the top contender in what is seen as a reward for helping to end Mugabe s 37-year rule.  Mnangagwa has appointed several senior military officers to his cabinet and the ruling party s executive politburo since he was sworn in as president on Nov. 24 in what some political analysts say reflects the army s consolidation of power since it turned against the 93-year-old Mugabe. Chris Mutsvangwa, special adviser to the president and the influential leader of the war veterans  association, rejected criticism of the military appointments, saying they were not unique to Zimbabwe. He pointed to the former generals in U.S. President Donald Trump s cabinet. He also denied a report by the privately owned NewsDay newspaper that he had said the army would play a role in elections due next year.  It s a lie ... I said there was a team which helped to undo the dynastic tendencies of geriatric Mugabe and his mid-wife (sic),  he told reporters at his offices in Harare.   I promised to the new president that we are going to deliver an electoral victory but that team specifically excludes the army because the army had played a role earlier and because the army is a professional army and does not get involved in election campaigns.  The elections are due by July 2018 but Mnangagwa has said they may be held sooner than expected. Mnangagwa told members of his ruling ZANU-PF party on Friday they would have to start fixing the economy if they wanted a chance of winning next year s vote. The southern African nation s economy collapsed in the latter half of Mugabe s rule, especially after the violent seizures of thousands of white-owned commercial farms. ",1
11891,Three people killed as protests turn violent again in Iraqi Kurdistan,"SULAIMANIYA, Iraq (Reuters) - Three people were killed and more than 80 wounded on Tuesday when Kurdish demonstrators joined a second day of protests against years of austerity and unpaid public sector salaries amid tensions between their region and Baghdad.      Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said later he would take action if any citizen were assaulted in Iraq s northern semi-autonomous Kurdistan region. About 1,250 protesters, mostly teachers, students, and civil servants, protested in the city of Sulaimaniya.The Sulaimaniya provincial council told Reuters three people were killed during clashes with Kurdish security forces in the town of Ranya. Regional health officials said six people were injured when the crowd was shot at with rubber bullets and sprayed with tear gas by security forces. Protesters also attacked several offices of the main political parties in Sulaimaniya province on Tuesday.  Acknowledging that protesters had a  legitimate right  to demonstrate, Iraq s Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) nonetheless said the targeting of government offices and party headquarters in Sulaimaniya province was unacceptable.  We are concerned with the uncivil actions and the violence used today in a number of cities and towns across Kurdistan,  a KRG statement said. It warned that relevant authorities could intervene to prevent further damage after several people were left injured and property was damaged. Later on Tuesday, Kurdish Asayish security forces raided the offices of Kurdish private broadcast NRT in Sulaimaniya, and took the channel off the air, its head told Reuters. The channel was no longer accessible.  NRT s chief also said the broadcaster s founder, Shaswar Abdulwahid, was arrested as he landed at Sulaimaniya airport on Tuesday evening.  Last month, Abdulwahid said he sold the broadcaster after launching a new political opposition movement, the New Generation. He had agitated against September s referendum on Kurdish independence, leading NRT s offices to be attacked by a mob in August.     At a weekly news conference, Abadi called on the KRG to respect peaceful protests.  We will not just stand by and watch if citizens are oppressed. The Iraqi citizen is an Iraqi citizen everywhere and if there is an attack or violation against citizens in a way that contradicts the constitution we will punish those responsible,  Abadi said.  We want there to be freedom for expression and assembly for citizens in the Kurdistan region.  Local officials imposed a curfew starting at 7pm (1600 GMT) in several towns including Kifri, Takya and Chamchammal in Sulaimaniya province. In Chamchammal, the curfew will last throughout the day on Wednesday. Tension has been high in the region since the central government in Baghdad imposed tough measures when the KRG unilaterally held an independence referendum on Sept. 25 and Kurds voted overwhelmingly to secede. The move, in defiance of Baghdad, also alarmed neighboring Turkey and Iran who have their own Kurdish minorities. For the second day, protesters demanded that the KRG quit.  They set fire to the offices of Kurdish political parties in the towns of Koya, Kifri and Ranya. Officials have closed roads around Sulaimaniya, a Reuters witness said. Security sources said the road between Darbandikhan and Sulaimaniya, which connects the city to southern towns where there are major protests, has been closed. On Monday, Kurdish political offices were also set ablaze in Sulaimaniya province, including a building belonging to the ruling Kurdish Democratic Party (KDP) and one belonging to its coalition partner in government, the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK). At least 3,000 Kurdish demonstrators had gathered in Sulaimaniya for the protests on Monday against the KRG. Stringent economic measures taken after the Baghdad central government slashed funds to the KRG in 2014 when it built its own oil pipeline to Turkey in pursuit of economic independence have led to sporadic protests over unpaid civil servant salaries in the last three years. After the September referendum, the Iraqi government responded by seizing Kurdish-held Kirkuk and other territory disputed between the Kurds and the central government. It also banned direct flights to Kurdistan and demanded control over border crossings. ",1
11892,Iraqi PM says will take action if any citizen is attacked in Kurdistan,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said on Tuesday he would take action if any citizen was attacked in the country s northern semi-autonomous Kurdistan region, state television reporter.  We would not stand idly by if any citizen were attacked,  the broadcaster quoted him as saying in a weekly news conference. Three people were killed and more than 80 wounded, local officials said earlier, as Kurdish protesters angered by years of austerity and unpaid public-sector salaries took to the streets in a second day of violent unrest amid tensions with Baghdad. ",1
11893,"Iraqi Kurdish security forces raid local broadcaster NRT, take it off air: NRT chief","SULAIMANIYA, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraqi Kurdistan s internal security forces, Asayish, have raided the offices of Kurdish private broadcaster NRT in the province of Sulaimaniya and taken the channel off the air, its head told Reuters on Tuesday. The channel was not accessible.  Earlier, local officials said three people had been killed and more than 80 wounded when Kurdish protesters, angered by years of austerity and unpaid public-sector salaries, took part in a second day of violent unrest amid tensions with Baghdad. ",1
11894,"Danish government wins backing for 2018 budget, defusing crisis","COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Denmark s right-wing government secured backing from a junior partner for the 2018 budget on Tuesday, defusing a crisis that had threatened to bring down the minority coalition. The Liberal Alliance (LA), part of the three-way coalition led by Prime Minister Lokke Rasmussen s Liberals, said it would support the budget in parliament and agreed to postpone the negotiations on tax and immigration reforms it wants until January. The anti-immigrant Danish People s Party (DF), whose support the government needs to pass laws, gave its backing on Dec. 8 for the 2018 budget, but the LA had said it still wanted an agreement on tax cuts.  I am willing to make another attempt to secure an ambitious tax reform and a new modern immigration policy,  foreign minister and Liberal Alliance leader Anders Samuelsen said at a press conference.  The budget will be passed at a parliament vote on Friday, he said. Failure to secure backing from LA could have forced Rasmussen either to hand power to the Social Democrat-led opposition or call a snap election. Tax cuts have been on the right-leaning government s wish list for a long time, but pro-welfare DF has been less eager to back that part of the government s policies. The 2018 budget deal includes among other things increased spending on health and elderly care and on infrastructure. ",1
11895,UK PM May urges Trump to bring forward proposals on Middle East peace,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May urged Donald Trump to bring forward proposals on achieving peace in the Middle East after the U.S. president recognised Jerusalem as Israel s capital. May spoke to Trump by telephone on Tuesday.  They discussed the different positions we took on the recognition of Jerusalem as the Israeli capital, and agreed on the importance of the US bringing forward new proposals for peace and the international community supporting these efforts,  a spokesman for May said.  The Prime Minister updated the President on the recent good progress of the Brexit negotiations, and the President set out the progress he had made on his economic agenda,  May s spokesman said.  They agreed on the importance of a swift post-Brexit bilateral trade deal,  the spokesman said. ",1
11896,"Egyptian army officer jailed after announcing presidential candidacy: lawyer, family","CAIRO (Reuters) - An Egyptian army officer was sentenced to six years in prison on Tuesday after announcing his intention last month to run in the country s 2018 presidential election, his lawyer and wife said. A military court found Colonel Ahmed Konsowa, 42, guilty of expressing political opinions as a serving military officer, his lawyer Asaad Heikal told Reuters. Konsowa appeared in a video last month announcing that he intended to run against President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi in the vote, which will take place early next year. He said he had submitted his resignation from the army in 2014 but it had not been accepted. Konsowa s wife Rasha Safwat said they would appeal against the verdict. Sisi, the former commander of Egypt s military, has yet to announce he will seek reelection, but is widely expected to do so. ",1
11897,U.S. asks U.N. to blacklist 10 ships over banned North Korea cargo,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United States has proposed that the United Nations Security Council blacklist 10 ships for transporting banned items from North Korea, according to documents seen by Reuters on Tuesday. The vessels are accused of  conducting illegal ship-to-ship transfers of refined petroleum products to North Korean vessels or illegally transporting North Korean coal to other countries for exports,  the United States said in its proposal. If none of the 15 members of the Security Council s North Korea sanctions committee object to the ships being designated by Thursday afternoon, the U.S. proposal will be approved.  Countries are required to ban blacklisted ships from entering their ports. Four ships were designated for carrying coal from North Korea by the council s North Korea sanctions committee in October. North Korea is under a U.N. arms embargo and the Security Council has banned trade in exports such as coal, textiles, seafood, iron and other minerals to choke funding for Pyongyang s missile and nuclear programs.  In September, the council put a cap of 2 million barrels a year on refined petroleum products exports to North Korea. The ships proposed to be blacklisted are: Xin Sheng Hai (flag unknown); Hong-Kong-flagged Lighthouse Winmore; Togo-flagged Yu Yuan; Panama-flagged Glory Hope 1 (also known as Orient Shenyu), Kai Xiang, and Billions No. 18; and North Korean-flagged Ul Ji Bong 6, Rung Ra 2, Rye Song Gang 1, and Sam Jong 2. Reclusive North Korea has boasted of developing a missile capable of carrying a nuclear warhead and reaching the mainland United States in defiance of U.N. Security Council resolutions and international condemnation. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Friday urged North Korea to carry out a  sustained cessation  of weapons testing to allow the two countries to hold talks. He did not specify how long the lull should last. North Korea conducted missile tests at a steady pace since April, then paused in September after firing a rocket that passed over Japan s Hokkaido island. But it renewed tests in November when it fired a new type of intercontinental ballistic missile, which flew higher and further than previous tests. ",1
11898,"U.N. to move 10,000 migrants from Libya in 2018","TRIPOLI (Reuters) - The United Nations plans to move up to 10,000 illegal migrants from Libya next year, a senior U.N. official said on Tuesday, in a bid to relieve the plight of thousands stranded in deteriorating conditions in detention centers there. Libya is the main departure point for migrants fleeing poverty or war to reach Europe by boat as smugglers exploit turmoil gripping the country since the 2011 overthrow of Muammar Gaddafi. Illegal migrant arrivals in Italy have fallen by two-thirds since July from the same period last year since the U.N.-backed government in Tripoli, Italy s partner, cut back human smuggling at one major hub. Italy also helps in the Libyan coast guard s operations. But activists say the push has led to worsening of conditions in detention centers, where Human Rights Watch and other groups say migrants face overcrowding, abuse, lack of medical facilities and a shortage of food. The U.N. is repatriating migrants to African countries willing to take them back but it was also in talks with European countries and Canada to take in some refugees, Roberto Mignone, chief mission of the U.N. refugee agency, said.  This week we are going to send out of Libya 350 refugees, until the end of January we will send out at least 1000,  he told Reuters in an interview.  In 2018 we are planning to send out of Libya between 5,000 to 10,000 refugees. We give priority to women, children, elderly, disabled, persons who suffered very seriously.  A total of 44,306 had been registered as refugees and asylum seekers in Libya, he said. Libyan officials deny abuses and say they are simply overwhelmed by a surge in arrivals amid little funds to accommodate them as public finances have been hit by a loss of oil revenues. The issue of repatriations has got higher attention abroad  since CNN published a video showing what it said was an auction of men offered to Libyan buyers as farmhands and sold for $400. In November, Libya s U.N.-backed government said it was investigating the report and promised to bring the perpetrators to justice. But it has struggled to make an impact as the country is effect controlled by armed factions. ",1
11899,U.S. blames North Korea for 'WannaCry' cyber attack," (In 13th paragraph of Dec. 18 item, corrects to indicate that a separate attack was launched in June that affected FedEx computers) By Dustin Volz WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration has publicly blamed North Korea for unleashing the so-called WannaCry cyber attack that crippled hospitals, banks and other companies across the globe earlier this year.  The attack was widespread and cost billions, and North Korea is directly responsible,  Tom Bossert, homeland security adviser to President Donald Trump, wrote in a piece published on Monday night in the Wall Street Journal.  North Korea has acted especially badly, largely unchecked, for more than a decade, and its malicious behavior is growing more egregious,  Bossert wrote.  WannaCry was indiscriminately reckless.  The White House was expected to follow up on Tuesday with a more formal statement blaming Pyongyang, according to a senior administration official. The U.S. government has assessed with a  very high level of confidence  that a hacking entity known as Lazarus Group, which works on behalf of the North Korean government, carried out the WannaCry attack, said the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss details of the government s investigation. Lazarus Group is widely believed by security researchers and U.S. officials to have been responsible for the 2014 hack of Sony Pictures Entertainment that destroyed files, leaked corporate communications online and led to the departure of several top studio executives. North Korean government representatives could not be immediately reached for comment. The country has repeatedly denied responsibility for WannaCry and called other allegations about cyber attacks a smear campaign.     Washington s public condemnation does not include any indictments or name specific individuals, the administration official said, adding the shaming was designed to hold Pyongyang accountable for its actions and  erode and undercut their ability to launch attacks.  The accusation comes as worries mount about North Korea s hacking capabilities and its nuclear weapons program. Many security researchers, including the cyber firm Symantec , as well as the British government, have already concluded that North Korea was likely behind the WannaCry attack, which quickly unfurled across the globe in May to infect more than 300,000 computers in 150 countries. Considered unprecedented in scale at the time, WannaCry  knocked British hospitals offline, forcing thousands of patients to reschedule appointments and disrupted infrastructure and businesses around the world.  The attack originally looked like a ransomware campaign, where hackers encrypt a targeted computer and demand payment to recover files. Some experts later concluded the ransom threat may have been a distraction intended to disguise a more destructive intent. A separate but similar attack in June, known as NotPetya, hit Ukraine and other nations and caused an estimated $300 million in damages to international shipper FedEx. Some researchers have said they believed WannaCry was deployed accidentally by North Korea as hackers were developing the code. The senior administration official declined to comment about whether U.S. intelligence was able to discern if the attack was deliberate.      What we see is a continued pattern of North Korea misbehaving, whether destructive cyber attacks, hacking for financial gain, or targeting infrastructure around the globe,  the official said. WannaCry was made possible by a flaw in Microsoft s Windows software, which was discovered by the U.S. National Security Agency and then used by the NSA to build a hacking tool for its own use.  In a devastating NSA security breach, that hacking tool and others were published online by the Shadow Brokers, a mysterious group that regularly posts cryptic taunts toward the U.S. government. The fact that WannaCry was made possible by the NSA led to sharp criticism from Microsoft President Brad Smith and others who believe the NSA should disclose vulnerabilities it finds so that they can be fixed, rather then hoarding that knowledge to carry out attacks.  Smith said WannaCry provided  yet another example of why the stockpiling of vulnerabilities by governments is such a problem.  U.S. officials have pushed back on those assertions, saying the administration discloses most computer flaws that government agencies detect. Last month, the White House published its rules for deciding whether to disclose cyber security flaws or keep them secret as part of an effort to be more transparent about the inter-agency process involved in weighing disclosure. ",1
11900,Multi-stage cyber attacks net North Korea millions in virtual currencies: researchers,"SINGAPORE/SEOUL (Reuters) - A series of recent cyber attacks has netted North Korean hackers millions of dollars in virtual currencies like bitcoin, with more attacks expected as international sanctions drive the country to seek new sources of cash, researchers say. North Korea s government-backed hackers have been blamed for a rising number of cyber attacks, including the so-called WannaCry cyber attack that crippled hospitals, banks and other companies across the globe this year. Analysts say the explosive growth in the value of bitcoin makes it and other  cryptocurrencies  an attractive target for North Korea, which has become increasingly isolated under international sanctions imposed over its nuclear weapons and missile programs.  Bitcoin was trading at over $19,104 per bitcoin at one point on Tuesday, up from less than $1,000 at the beginning of 2017, according to Coinmarketcap.com.    Researchers in South Korea, which hosts some of the world s busiest virtual currency exchanges and accounts for 15 to 25 percent of world bitcoin trading on any given day, say attacks this year on exchanges like Bithumb, Coinis, and Youbit have the digital fingerprints of hackers from North Korea. The researchers  findings have not been independently verified. North Korea has rejected accusations that it has been involved in hacking. A spokesman for South Korea s Unification Ministry, which handles North Korean affairs, said on Monday the government was considering  countermeasures , including more sanctions, over the cyber attacks. Representatives of Bithumb and Coinis declined to comment. On Monday, a Youbit spokeswoman told Reuters the company had not been targeted by North Korean hackers, and on Tuesday the company announced it had suffered another cyber attack that cost it 17 percent of its assets, forcing the exchange to halt operations and file for bankruptcy. The hackers behind the second attack were not identified, but one cyber security researcher, who said he was not authorized to speak about the matter as it was being investigated, said there were similarities between the Youbit hack reported on Tuesday and the earlier attack on the company, which has been linked to North Korea. Another researcher, who worked with Youbit after the first hack in April, said the company has since experienced a consistent string of attacks that used malicious code previously used by North Korea. South Korea s intelligence service reported that some 7.6 billion won ($7 million) worth of cryptocurrencies were stolen in those previous attacks on multiple exchanges, according to South Korea s Chosun Ilbo newspaper. But that amount could now be worth about 90 billion Korean won ($82 million), Moonbeom Park, a researcher at the Korea Internet and Security Agency, told Reuters. Malicious code used in attacks over the summer was  virtually identical  to previous attacks connected to North Korea, he said. The attacks this year began by targeting the companies themselves, stealing customers  personal information, including names and email addresses, Park said. Some of those customers were then targeted with so-called spearphishing emails - infected emails designed to look as if they were from South Korea s taxation agency, the Korean National Tax Service, he said. Other researchers said the attackers had impersonated other official bodies. The emails told the recipient that the agency was about to conduct a tax investigation of the user.  An attached document, however, was a Korean-language file infected with a  Trojan Horse  program that would exploit a vulnerability in the Hanword Korean-language word processing software to allow the hackers to remotely control the user s computer, Park said. From there, the attackers would access the user s bitcoin wallet either on the computer, or on the bitcoin exchange s server, he said. Other researchers said the exchanges were also attacked using fake email accounts. Cristiana Brafman Kittner, principal analyst at the cybersecurity firm FireEye, said she could not confirm whether North Korea had actually stolen any virtual currencies, but said hackers linked to it had targeted  multiple exchanges  over the past six to nine months.  We believe that some of the criminal activity we are observing originating from North Korea is a result of the regime looking for alternative sources of revenue,  she said.  North Korean cyber threat actors present an immediate risk to the financial services sector worldwide.  ",1
11901,French ministers tell anti-graft agency: no law revamp for now,"PARIS (Reuters) - Two French ministers said on Tuesday they had no immediate plans to overhaul legislation to make it easier to target corrupt foreign firms - a change demanded by their own anti-graft agency. Charles Duchaine, head of the new AFA anti-graft body, told Reuters last week that the current law, brought in just a year ago, had to be re-drawn as it gave him almost no powers to pursue foreign companies. He repeated the point at a conference on Tuesday. But Justice Minister Nicole Belloubet responded at the same event that she wanted to see how the  Sapin 2  legislation worked on the ground before making any alterations.  We re not going to rewrite the law every morning,  she said. Budget Minister Gerald Darmanin told the conference:  It is important that the agency first gets on with its work.  Under the law, the AFA agency can only target public bodies and companies with more than 500 employees and turnover of above 100 million euros ($118.19 million), or subsidiaries of foreign companies that are headquartered in France and meet those two criteria. AFA s work has got off to a slow start. It was created by the Sapin 2 act a year ago but only launched its first investigations in October. The ministers said there was funding to increase the number of AFA agents to 70 from 50. ($1 = 0.8461 euros) ",1
11902,Ten bodies found in mass grave in Myanmar: army newspaper,"YANGON (Reuters) - Myanmar authorities have found 10 bodies buried in a mass grave on the edge of a village in Rakhine State, the military-run newspaper Myawady reported on Tuesday, a day after the army said it had launched an investigation at the site. About 650,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled from Rakhine state and sought refuge in neighboring Bangladesh in recent months after a violent crackdown there by Myanmar security forces in response to attacks by militants.    Rights monitors have accused troops of atrocities, including killings, mass rape and arson during the crackdown. The United States has said it amounted to  ethnic cleansing . The Myanmar military has said its own internal investigation had exonerated security forces of all accusations of atrocities. A team including police, a local administrator, judge and doctor had examined the grave site, at the village of Inn Din, about 50 km (30 miles) north of the state capital Sittwe, on Tuesday and discovered 10 unidentified bodies, Myawady said.  This group is continuing the process of investigation to uncover the truth,  the report said. Military officials were not immediately available for further comment. The discovery of a mass grave near a cemetery in the village was announced in a statement on the army commander-in-chief s official Facebook page on Monday. The village is in Maungdaw township, one of the areas worst affected by the violence that has prompted the United Nations  top human rights official to allege that Myanmar s security forces may have committed genocide against the Rohingya.   Myanmar s armed forces launched what they termed clearance operations in northern Rakhine, where many of the stateless Muslim minority lived, after Rohingya militants attacked 30 police posts and an army base on Aug. 25.   Myanmar s civilian leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, has faced fierce international criticism for failing to do more to protect the Rohingya.   The civilian government, which has no control over the military, has said the army was engaged in legitimate counter-insurgency operations. It has promised to investigate allegations of abuses in Rakhine if it is given evidence. ",1
11903,Egypt air base attack kills officer in North Sinai: military statement,"CAIRO (Reuters) - An Egyptian military officer was killed and two other people were wounded in a shell attack on a military airport near the town of Arish in the North Sinai region on Tuesday, the army spokesman said in a statement on Facebook. It said the attack took place during a visit of Egypt s interior and defense ministers to the area. A security source said neither minister had been hurt during the attack.  Those wounded were an officer and a soldier, a second security source said. The statement also said a helicopter had been damaged during the attack, and that security forces had  dealt with the source of fire , without elaborating. The Egyptian military is battling a years-long Islamist insurgency in North Sinai that has killed hundreds of soldiers and policemen. Attacks claimed by Islamic State s Sinai branch have expanded to include civilian targets in the past year. The group is widely believed to have carried out an attack on a mosque last month, the deadliest in Egypt s modern history, which killed more than 300 people according to state media. However Islamic State did not claim that attack. ",1
11904,Austria promises to consult Rome on passport offer to Italians,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austria s new coalition government will press ahead with plans to offer citizenship to the German-speaking minority in northern Italy, it said on Tuesday, but pledged to consult Rome on the project, which risks reopening century-old wounds. The dual-citizenship plan for the northern Italian region of Alto Adige was included in a 180-page coalition agreement published over the weekend by Chancellor Sebastian Kurz s conservative People s Party and the far-right Freedom Party (FPO). Alto Adige was ceded to Italy by Austria after World War One. Fascist dictator Benito Mussolini tried to settle thousands of ethnic Italians there in the 1920s, but German-speakers still outnumber Italians by around two to one. Italian and German speakers have their own schools and largely frequent different bars and restaurants. But the region enjoys enormous autonomy and generous handouts from Rome, which have helped dampen secessionist sentiment in the province. Kurz has said the scheme, which the FPO has long pushed for, is only meant to encourage cooperation between European states.  That is something that of course we only plan to do in close cooperation with Italy and with the government in Rome,  Kurz told a joint news conference with FPO chief and Vice Chancellor Heinz-Christian Strache after their government s first cabinet meeting. Italian politicians have already roundly condemned Austria s plan, calling it a gesture to nationalism and saying it will threaten the delicate ethnic balance in Alto Adige, also known as South Tyrol. Italy s foreign minister was quoted by Italian news agency ANSA on Monday as saying that discussing the issue would be  a conversation that requires enormous delicacy . Kurz, however, downplayed any tension.  We have excellent contact with Rome. I am a personal friend of the head of government. I am a personal friend of the foreign minister s,  said Kurz, who was foreign minister until his new government was sworn in.  In our government program, we have complied with a wish of South Tyroleans that was expressed by all parties in South Tyrol and that above all was also expressed by the South Tyrolean provincial government,  Kurz said. Strache said Italy already has a similar arrangement in place for Italian minorities in Slovenia and Croatia. The Italian Foreign Ministry website lays out conditions under which people who lost their citizenship when some territories became part of Yugoslavia can apply for an Italian passport. The issue did not feature in Austria s parliamentary election in October, which Kurz s party won with a hard line on immigration that often overlapped with the FPO s. Austria took in a large number of asylum seekers during Europe s migration crisis. Both parties pledged to stop another such influx. In Austrian Tyrol, however, where maps of the province often still show the region to the south that is now part of Italy, it is still an emotional issue. That province, a stronghold of Kurz s conservatives, is due to hold an election for the local parliament in February. The head of Alto Adige s government, Arno Kompatscher, said he supported the plan as long as it was put in a European context of uniting nations rather than dividing them - a possible reference to any objections Italy might have.   It therefore has nothing to do with secession or moving borders or anything else. Rather it has to do with this expression of personal connection (to Austria) and the debate should take place in this context,  he told a news conference. The criteria on which citizenship would be offered were still open and should be the subject of discussions between Austria and Italy, he added.. Austria and Italy have clashed repeatedly in recent years over Austria s threat to introduce controls at the Brenner crossing, a vital transport link on their shared border, if the number of migrants arriving there from Italy rises sharply. So far that has not happened. ",1
11905,Britain's new 3 billion pound warship has a leak,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s biggest ever warship, the new 3.1 billion pound ($4.2 billion) aircraft carrier HMS Queen Elizabeth, has a leak and needs repairs, the Ministry of Defence (MoD) said on Tuesday. The 65,000-tonne ship is hailed as Britain s most advanced military vessel and was only commissioned by the queen two weeks ago but it has a problem with a shaft seal that was identified during sea trials, the MoD said.  Sea trials are precisely for finding manageable teething problems like this and rectifying them,  a Royal Navy spokesman said.   Repairs under contract are already underway alongside in Portsmouth and the sea trials will take place as planned in the New Year, when we will continue to rigorously test the ship before she enters service.  The Sun newspaper reported that the 280-metre (920-foot) warship, the nation s future flagship vessel, was letting in 200 liters of water every hour and the fix would cost millions of pounds. A defense source said the navy was aware that the ship, which took eight years to build, had an issue when it was handed over by manufacturers and the Sun said the builders would have to foot the repair bill. The Aircraft Carrier Alliance - a consortium including British engineering companies BAE Systems (BAES.L) and Babcock (BAB.L), and the UK division of France s Thales (TCFP.PA) - built the Queen Elizabeth and its sister aircraft carrier, the HMS Prince of Wales, as apart of a 6.2 billion pound project.  It s normal practice for a volume of work and defect resolution to continue following vessel acceptance,  BAE Systems said in a statement.  This will be completed prior to the nation s flagship re-commencing her program at sea in 2018.  BAE said the issue would take just a couple of days to fix with no need for the ship to be taken into a dry dock. Chris Parry, a former senior Royal Navy officer, said all ships took on water.   That s why you have pumps,  he told Sky News.  When you get a brand new car not everything s perfect, you have to send it back to the garage to get a few things tweaked. This is exactly in that bracket.  Also on Tuesday, parliament s defense committee raised questions about the procurement of the F-35 fighter jets from a consortium led by Lockheed Martin (LMT.N) which will eventually operate from the Queen Elizabeth. The committee said there had been an  unacceptable lack of transparency  about the program and the MoD had failed to provide details of the full cost of each aircraft which one newspaper had estimated could be as much as 155 million pounds.  We strongly refute any suggestion of a lack of transparency in the F-35 program,  an MOD spokesman said.   The program remains on track, on time, within costs and not only offers our military the world s most advanced fighter jet but will support over 24,000 British jobs and is very much clear for take-off.  When the aircraft carrier was commissioned, British Defence Secretary Gavin Williamson said:  Our new aircraft carrier is the epitome of British design and dexterity, at the core of our efforts to build an Armed Forces fit for the future.  ",1
11906,"U.S., Russian, Japanese crew arrive at space station","(Reuters) - A trio of U.S., Japanese and Russian astronauts arrived at the International Space Station on Tuesday, a NASA TV broadcast showed. Commander Anton Shkaplerov of Roscosmos and flight engineers Norishige Kanai of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency and Scott Tingle of NASA docked their Soyuz spacecraft about 250 miles (400 km) above Earth at 0839 GMT. The docking completes their two-day journey following Sunday s blast-off from the Baikonur cosmodrome in Kazakhstan. Shkaplerov, Kanai and Tingle join Alexander Misurkin of Roscosmos and Mark Vande Hei and Joe Acaba of NASA, who have been aboard the space station since September. ",1
11907,Iran says Trump cannot cause collapse of nuclear deal: TV,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Iran said on Tuesday U.S. President Donald Trump cannot cause its nuclear deal with six major powers to collapse.   The nuclear deal will not collapse... Those who hope that Trump will cause its collapse, are wrong,  Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said in a speech broadcast live on State TV.  In October, Trump declined to certify that Iran was complying with the nuclear agreement reached among Tehran, the United States and other powers in 2015. His decision triggered a 60-day window for Congress to decide whether to bring back sanctions on Iran. Congress passed the ball back to Trump by letting the  deadline on reimposing sanctions on Iran pass last week. Trump must decide in mid-January if he wants to continue to waive energy sanctions on Iran. Under the deal, nuclear-related sanctions imposed on Iran were lifted last year, in return for Tehran curbing its nuclear program. Iran has said it will stick to the accord as long as the other signatories respect it, but will  shred  the deal if Washington pulls out. ",1
11908,Ramaphosa's 'poisoned chalice': new ANC leader may struggle to reform South Africa,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - When Cyril Ramaphosa won the tight vote to become the new leader of the African National Congress on Monday after years of near-misses, his loyal supporters jumped to their feet, pumping their fists and cheering. But as the results for other top positions emerged, the cheers quickly evaporated, as it became clear that ANC officials close to President Jacob Zuma would still control important levers of the ruling party. Ramaphosa, who has served as South Africa s deputy president under Zuma since 2014, narrowly defeated former cabinet minister Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, Zuma s ex-wife and preferred successor, in the race for the ANC s top job.  Ramaphosa is now within touching distance of becoming president, fulfilling a lifelong ambition for the man Nelson Mandela wanted to be his heir after the end of apartheid in 1994. Markets rallied on Ramaphosa s victory, as investors piled into rand assets on hopes Ramaphosa would follow through on campaign promises to uproot corruption and rekindle economic growth. But the mood in the conference hall in Johannesburg where the ANC s new  top six  most powerful officials were announced told a different story. The Ramaphosa camp fumed that Zuma loyalists David Mabuza and Ace Magashule were named ANC deputy president and secretary general, while Dlamini-Zuma backer Jessie Duarte kept her position as deputy secretary general.   We started on a high note, but as we went down the top six we started having problems. The thing is that Cyril has to work with this collective,  said Sinenhlanhla Xaba, an ANC member from the Soweto township. On Tuesday supporters of Senzo Mchunu, Ramaphosa s pick for secretary general, disputed the vote count that saw him lose out to Magashule, a sign that Ramaphosa s team was trying to gain greater control of the upper echelons of the ANC. Analysts say the slim margin of Ramaphosa s victory will help keep the ANC together but will make it difficult for Ramaphosa to pursue a pro-growth policy agenda, as the ANC faction that backed Dlamini-Zuma and puts greater emphasis on wealth redistribution will wield considerable influence. Any attempt to remove the 75-year-old Zuma as South African president before his second term ends in 2019 - something which ANC officials close to Ramaphosa have called for - will also be complicated by Zuma allies retaining senior posts. Zuma s scandal-plagued time in office has badly tarnished the ANC s image both at home and abroad and has seen economic growth slow to a near-standstill.  Zuma has survived several votes of no confidence because he controls large sections of the ANC through his use of political patronage. Lukhona Mnguni, a political analyst at the University of KwaZulu-Natal, said the ANC leadership outcome was a  poisoned chalice  for Ramaphosa because officials aligned with Zuma would constrain his room for maneuver.  Ramaphosa s team know this was no victory. He didn t get the people he wanted and hopes for recalling (removing) Zuma have been dampened,  Mnguni said.  If Zuma is to be recalled, it would only be because Mabuza and Magashule gang up on him, which I don t think is likely.  Ramaphosa, 65, told reporters on Tuesday that the ANC s new top six was a  unity leadership  which reflected the views of different sections of the party. Investors had hoped Ramaphosa, a former trade union leader and millionaire businessman, would secure a decisive win in the ANC race, putting him in a strong position to enact reforms which could help South Africa avoid further credit rating downgrades. Dlamini-Zuma, who President Zuma publicly backed for ANC leader, was seen as more focused on tackling racial inequality and struggled to distance herself from the corruption scandals that have dogged her ex-husband. But in the new ANC top six announced on Monday, three officials were from the  slate  of Ramaphosa s preferred candidates and three were from Dlamini-Zuma s ticket.  With no clear win for either the Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma or Cyril Ramaphosa slates, I expect the policy paralysis that we have seen will continue until one side  defeats  the other,  said Geoff Blount, managing director at BayHill Capital. Gwen Ngwenya at the Institute of Race Relations said expectations for sweeping policy change under Ramaphosa were overblown.  The Ramaphosa of fantasy, the figure of a decisive man of action, has never manifest himself in reality,  she said, noting that promises Ramaphosa made before becoming deputy president never materialized. One important consequence of the compromise leadership outcome seen on Monday is that it lessens the likelihood of the ANC splitting before the 2019 election - which had been raised by analysts as a possibility in the event of a clear victory for the Dlamini-Zuma faction. Attention now shifts to the makeup of the ANC s new National Executive Committee (NEC), a group of around 80 officials which steers the party and will be elected in the coming days.  Should the new NEC be just as split as the ANC s top six, that would make the prospects for major reform even more remote. ",1
11909,Germany could send more soldiers to Afghanistan: defense minister,"MAZAR-I-SHARIF, Afghanistan (Reuters) - Germany s defense minister said on Tuesday she wanted to boost the German presence in Afghanistan, in the first public indication that Berlin could accept a U.S. call for more soldiers to help reverse territorial gains by Taliban insurgents. Germany currently has 980 soldiers stationed in the Hindu Kush mountains as part of a NATO mission to train Afghan security forces, the second biggest national contingent after the United States.   The soldiers, and especially the trainers, are telling me: We have enough trainers but we could do significantly more if we had better protective components, more security personnel,  Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen said during a visit to the northern Afghan city of Mazar-i-Sharif. Von der Leyen added that the German parliament would have to approve any additional deployments. The minister is a member of Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives and has said she hopes to retain her job in a new coalition government currently being negotiated. Merkel hopes to forge another  grand coalition  with the center-left Social Democrats (SPD) like the one that has led Germany for the past four years. The SPD is generally more cautious about defense spending and sending German troops abroad.  U.S. President Donald Trump in August authorized an increase in U.S. troops to train Afghan security forces and carry out counter-terrorism operations, hoping to reverse gains by Taliban insurgents and compel them to agree to peace talks. On Monday von der Leyen criticized the rapid reduction in forces since the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) wound up in Afghanistan in 2014, and she called for a longer-term commitment in the Hindu Kush mountains. At the peak of the ISAF mission around 150,000 foreign soldiers were deployed in the Hindu Kush. There are now around  17,000, of whom 10,000 are Americans. Germany increased the upper limit to its Afghanistan mandate to 980 soldiers from 850 in 2016, at a time when the United States and most other countries were reducing their forces. Von der Leyen called for negotiations between the Afghan government and the Taliban, saying the Afghan security forces could  apply pressure  to those Taliban who were ready to negotiate.  Only that will lead to success in the long-term,  she added. ",1
11910,Britain's Prime Minister May to speak with Donald Trump: spokesman,"LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and British Prime Minister Theresa May will speak in a call scheduled for later on Tuesday, her spokesman told reporters. The spokesman gave no further details about the call.  ",1
11911,Germany condemns Houthi's firing missile at Saudi Arabia,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The German government condemned Tuesday s firing of a ballistic missile by the Houthi militia toward Riyadh, calling for an immediate ceasefire and U.N.-led peace negotiations.  We condemn the renewed missile launch from Yemen against the capital of the kingdom of Saudi Arabia in the strongest terms,  a foreign ministry spokesman said.  There can be no justification for such an act. The missile attacks on Saudi Arabia must finally stop.  The spokesman said the Yemen conflict could only be solved through diplomatic means.  We urge the parties to adopt an immediate ceasefire and to negotiation under the aegis of the United Nations.  ",1
11912,"In Bolivia's bellwether city, anger at Morales grows","EL ALTO, Bolivia (Reuters) - In El Alto, a former shantytown high in the Andes that has mushroomed into Bolivia s second-largest city, students and professors are growing disenchanted with Evo Morales, the leftist president their protests helped put in power a decade ago. A sprawling settlement of nearly 1 million people on Bolivia s dusty Altiplano plateau, El Alto is a larger and more politically radical extension of the capital La Paz, which sits hundreds of meters below in a canyon. An uprising here in 2003 over the use of revenues from the poor South American nation s natural gas reserves helped force the resignation of U.S.-backed President Gonzalo Sanchez de Lozada. Some 60 residents were killed in the upheaval. The protests were led in part from the campus of El Alto s public university UPEA and opened the way for Morales to take power as Bolivia s first indigenous president three years later. Now, students and teachers feel forgotten. Demonstrations, some violent, have broken out in recent weeks over what teachers and students call insufficient funding for the school, a potential obstacle in Morales  plan to win a fourth term in 2019.  The government has a pending debt,  said Ramiro Limachi Apaza, director of UPEA S communications department and an El Alto resident who protested alongside Morales in 2003 in the so-called  gas wars.  Morales fulfilled protesters  demands to nationalize the gas industry after taking office in 2006, promising to spread natural resource wealth in the country of more than 10 million, long one of Latin America s poorest. Bolivia s economy grew and thousands of Aymara peasants moved to El Alto. While El Alto generally remains poor, some immigrants became wealthy merchants, building glamorous, colorful homes known as  cholets  and hosting lavish parties. Lines of cable cars, inaugurated by Morales, whisk Bolivians between El Alto and La Paz, above the dizzying mountain traffic.        Yet Limachi said the public university, which charges students next to nothing, has been unable to pay its teachers for three months. Morales  administration, one of Latin America s few remaining hard-line leftist governments after the region turned to the right in recent years, says it increased spending on education by 25 percent since 2006. It questions UPEA s use of its funding and the number of students enrolled. Due to its history, the recent protests at UPEA have drawn national attention, especially as they coincided with a widely criticized court decision in late November allowing Morales to run for a fourth turn. Bolivia s constitutional court, padded with members of Morales MAS party, argued term limits violate human rights - defying the result of a referendum last year in which 51 percent of Bolivians said they opposed Morales running again. The ruling was criticized by the United States and raised eyebrows in urban areas across Bolivia where support for Morales is weakening. Mining communities, coca farmers and rural villages generally still support him. Across the sprawling city of El Alto, where new homes are being built every day, discontent had been creeping up for some time. Since 2015, the city has had an opposition mayor.  It s quite disturbing that our demands are not being listened to,  said Celia Quecana, a UPEA sociology student dressed in a traditional Aymara pollera, a flowing skirt worn in the Andes. She said that Bolivia s constitution guarantees funding for public universities.  There s a lot of discontent that democracy, in the form of the Feb. 21 (2016) referendum, has not been respected,  she said at the university, where trash had not been collected nor bathrooms cleaned for days. In judicial elections on Dec. 3, nearly 54 percent of Bolivians spoiled their ballots rather than voting, as a means of protesting against Morales.  Vote null  graffiti remains scrawled across walls in El Alto and La Paz.  As El Alto has grown, so has the number of students studying at UPEA, the basis for the university s dispute with the government. UPEA says it now has 47,000 students, double the 2011 enrollment when the amount of funding it receives was determined.  For Diego von Vacano, a Bolivian political scientist at Yale University, the UPEA protests have legitimate roots and touch on a major problem for Morales.  The government did not invest in education,  Vacano said.  El Alto is one of the most radical areas of Bolivia. A government can quickly fall if it does not get the support of El Alto.   The United Nations says Bolivia spent about 7 percent of its gross domestic product on education in 2014, its most recent data, a percentage that is high for Latin America, although one that had not changed much over the past decade.  El Alto s explosive growth coincided with the end of a commodities boom felt in Bolivia through lower gas prices, which have halved since 2006. Bolivia s gas production peaked at an average 59.6 million cubic meters per day in 2014 and has fallen for the past two years, according to the government.   The gas issue is incredibly important, it affects everything. We had received an impressive amount of money, but it s gone down for everyone,  said Nelson Vila, a UPEA professor who was hospitalized after clashes with police in November. ",1
11913,Palestinian billionaire Masri back in Jordan after release in Saudi Arabia: family source,"AMMAN (Reuters) - Palestinian billionaire Sabih al-Masri, Jordan s most powerful businessman, returned to Amman on Tuesday after his release in Saudi Arabia secured when he agreed to pay an unspecified amount of money, sources close to the matter said.  Masri was detained for questioning last week over his alleged links with Saudi business partners among royals, ministers and officials who were rounded up last month in an unprecedented anti-corruption purge. Masri, chairman of Amman-based Arab Bank, Jordan s largest lender, was taken into custody just before he was planning to leave Saudi Arabia after chairing meetings of Saudi companies he owns, informed sources said.   He is at his home now in Amman,  said a family source. Masri later held meetings in the bank with senior officials. Arab Bank shares, which account for almost a quarter of the $24 billion market capitalization of the Amman exchange, ended  1.48 percent higher as investors reacted favorably to the news of his return. Masri has since taking the helm at Arab Bank in 2012 helped boost confidence in one of the Arab world s largest private financial institutions.  The bank, first established in Jerusalem in 1930 and one of the major Middle East financial institutions, has a balance sheet of more than $45 billion and has earned a reputation of resilience in the face of regional political turmoil. Masri, a Saudi citizen, said from his home in Riyadh on Sunday after his release that the Saudi authorities had accorded him  all respect . [L8N1OH05J] Saudi officials have not commented on his detention. Jordanian authorities privately said King Abdullah intervened to secure his release. A source familiar with the matter said Masri was freed after reaching a settlement to return an unspecified amount of money. There was no comment from the Masri family.  There is no way Masri has been freed without agreeing to some settlement. The Saudis are telling anyone who has made huge sums of money that they have to pay back some of that wealth,  the source said. Another source said Riyadh saw these settlements not as blackmail but an obligation to reimburse money taken illegally from the world s top oil producer over several decades. Saudi authorities have already succeeded in reaching financial settlements with dozens of royal family members, senior officials and wealthy businessmen in the crackdown spearheaded by powerful Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman. Around 200 people in total have been questioned in the crackdown, authorities said last month. Saudi authorities estimate they could eventually recover around $100 billion of illicitly held funds. They have been working on reaching agreements with suspects detained at Riyadh s luxurious Ritz Carlton hotel, asking them to hand over assets and cash in return for their freedom. Masri s detention unnerved business circles in Jordan and the Palestinian Territories as well as many Arab magnates across the Middle East who have made fortunes in Saudi Arabia, according to several investors who asked not to be named. His multi-billion-dollar investments in hotels and banking in Jordan represent a cornerstone of the economy of the kingdom and he is by far the biggest investor in Palestinian areas. A member of a prominent merchant family from Nablus in the Israeli-occupied West Bank, Masri amassed a fortune by joining with influential Saudi royals in a catering business to supply troops during the U.S.-led military operation to retake Kuwait from Iraq in the 1991 Gulf War. Confidants said Masri had been warned not to travel to the Saudi capital after mass arrests of Saudi royals, ministers and businessmen in early November. Officials and businessmen had warned of the reverberations of the crisis on an aid-strapped Jordanian economy already plagued by high debts. Saudi Arabia is a major donor. ",1
11914,Ramaphosa's ANC election win lifts South African banks,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South African banking stocks rallied on Tuesday, buoyed by optimism that the newly elected leader of the ruling African National Congress will push through policies aimed at putting the economy on a stronger footing. South Africa s Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa - a darling of markets - narrowly beat former cabinet minister Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma in Monday s vote, marking a pivotal moment for the party that launched black-majority rule under Nelson Mandela s leadership 23 years ago. As ANC leader, Ramaphosa, a 65-year-old union leader turned businessman, is likely to become the next president after elections in 2019 because of his party s electoral dominance. Ratings agency Moody s said Ramaphosa s victory opened up tentative prospects of a policy shift and rise in business confidence that  could reverse the gradual deterioration in South Africa s credit fundamentals.   Ramaphosa, a former chairman of Africa s biggest telecoms operator MTN Group, is seen by business leaders as well placed to turn around an economy. South Africa s GDP is estimated to grow by less than a percent this year, while the unemployment rate is at near records just shy of 28 percent. In an open letter, Mike Brown, the chief executive of South Africa s No.4 bank, Nedbank, urged Ramaphosa to immediately address governance failures in state-owned companies and ensure that the country retains the last sovereign investment grade from Moody s.  It is important that we have stable and rational policies, creating an environment that encourages growth for businesses and individuals,  Brown said. Ramaphosa s election victory over Dlamini-Zuma, who was backed by ex-husband President Jacob Zuma, put shares in banks, considered the barometer of both economic and political sentiment, back in demand. In afternoon trade, the blue-chip stock index, the JSE Top-40, added one percent to 51,601 with banks on top of the gainers  list. The banking index rose nearly six percent with FirstRand, the largest lender by market value, surging more than seven percent. Government bonds firmed, with the yield on the benchmark instrument due in 2026 falling 16 basis points to 8.695 percent. A local business lobby group, Business Leadership South Africa welcomed the election of Ramaphosa, saying it gave him a chance to address inequality, unemployment and poverty.  For this to happen, we require regulatory certainty and policy stability that will accelerate and deepen transformation,  said BLSA, which is composed of some of the biggest and most influential names in corporate South Africa.  Another key issue facing the ANC s new leader is policy uncertainty in South Africa s mining industry, where companies are challenging a requirement to increase black ownership of firms in the sector to 30 percent from 26 percent. The sector is a major employer and contributed 7.7 percent to gross domestic product in 2016. The sector also accounts for 25 percent of exports in Africa s most industrialized economy. Analysts at U.S. bank JP Morgan raised their economic growth forecast for next year to 1.4 percent from one percent, prompted by Ramaphosa s election.   The forecast change largely rests on a lesser purchasing power drag on consumers, as outlined below, and perhaps a modest resumption in the capex cycle,  the analysts said in a note.  FLAG-BEARER The rand currency retreated on Tuesday from a nine-month high notched up in the previous session. At 1107 GMT, the rand was 0.2 percent weaker against the dollar at 12.7950 rand. Expectations that Ramaphosa would win the ANC race had pushed the rand to 12.5200 per dollar on Monday, its firmest since March 27 before a cabinet reshuffle by Zuma rocked markets and triggered credit ratings downgrades to  junk . Ramaphosa will be the ANC s flag-bearer in the 2019 national election, but will have to contend with allies of his defeated rival, Dlamini-Zuma, in his leadership team. Some investors were worried that Ramaphosa may not be able to push through policy changes because the ANC s top decision making group, known as the  top-six , was split down the middle, consisting of three politicians apiece drawn from Ramaphosa and Dlamini-Zuma s camps.  Ramaphosa s sole rival was Dlamini-Zuma, a veteran campaigner against racial economic inequality and big business interests.  There is some concern that the split of the ANC top six (officials) might hinder Cyril Ramaphosa s ability to invoke the much needed reforms he has been campaigning on,  said Shaun Murison, currency strategist at IG Markets. ",1
11915,South Africa's Ramaphosa wins election as ANC president,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South African Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa was elected leader of the African National Congress on Monday in a close-run vote that will set the direction for the country and the scandal-plagued party that has ruled since the end of apartheid. As ANC leader, Ramaphosa, a 65-year-old union leader who became a businessman and is now one of South Africa s richest people, is likely to become the country s next president after elections in 2019. He has promised to fight rampant corruption and revitalize the economy, a message hailed by foreign investors. [nL8N1OG07W] Jacob Zuma s presidency, tainted by corruption and scandal, has badly tarnished the ANC s image both at home and abroad. The party once led by Nelson Mandela is now deeply divided. Ramaphosa narrowly beat Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, 68, a former cabinet minister and Zuma s ex-wife, in Monday s vote, marking a pivotal moment for the ANC, which launched black-majority rule under Mandela s leadership 23 years ago. He smiled and hugged other party officials as the results were read out. Zuma sat stony-faced as Ramaphosa s victory was announced. Political instability, including questions over who would replace Zuma, has been cited by credit rating agencies as a big factor behind their decision to cut South Africa to  junk . Economic growth in Africa s traditional powerhouse has been lethargic over the last six years and the jobless rate stands near record levels. Zuma has faced allegations of corruption since he became head of state in 2009 but has denied any wrongdoing. The president has also faced allegations that his friends, the wealthy Gupta businessmen, wielded undue influence over his government. Zuma and the Guptas have denied the accusations. The 75-year-old president has survived several votes of no-confidence in parliament over his performance as head of state. Dlamini-Zuma, 68, the president s preferred candidate, had campaigned on pledges to tackle the racial inequality that has persisted since the end of white-minority rule. [nL8N1OG082] The rand currency ZAR=D3 had risen to a nine-month high of 12.5200 earlier, as the market priced in a Ramaphosa victory. Government bonds also closed firmer before the announcement that Ramaphosa had won the race.  Ramaphosa was seen as the more investor-friendly of the two main candidates vying to lead the ruling party,  Capital Economics Africa economist John Ashbourne said.  During the campaign, he promised to clean up corruption within the ruling party and to work with businesses and labor to boost economic growth.  In a boost to Ramaphosa, courts ruled last week that officials from some provinces seen as supporting Dlamini-Zuma had been elected illegally and were barred from the conference. Ramaphosa drew the majority of nominations from party branches scattered across the country. But the delegates are not bound by their branches when they vote at the conference. Mmusi Maimane, the opposition leader, said in a statement:  Ramaphosa cannot save South Africa, only the voters can in 2019,  in reference to the upcoming national elections. Analysts say the bitterness of the power struggle between Ramaphosa and Dlamini-Zuma has increased the chances that the party will find it hard to set policy and could possibly split before the 2019 national election. After his victory, Ramaphosa will be ANC s flag-bearer in that election, but will have to contend with Dlamini-Zuma s allies in his leadership team, meaning that their policies are divergent. Dlamini-Zuma is a fierce campaigner against racial inequality whose hostility to big business has rattled investors in South Africa. Backers of Ramaphosa, say she is peddling populist rhetoric and would rule in the mould of her former husband. To his supporters, Ramaphosa s business success makes him well-suited to the task of turning around an economy grappling with 28 percent unemployment and credit rating downgrades. Prince Mashele, senior research fellow at University of Pretoria, said the ANC s top most decision-making group known as the  top six  was now split down the middle, consisting of three politicians apiece drawn from Ramaphosa and Dlamini-Zuma s camps, which would make it hard to implement policy.  Terrible combination we have in the top six, it s a paralyzed situation. This top six will not make any ground breaking decisions,  Mashele, who is also a political commentator and columnist, said. Daniel Silke, an independent political analyst, said:  Both sides will continue to vie for ascendancy within the ANC.  (This version of the story was refiled to cut extraneous words in paragraph 9, 13, 19, 21) ",1
11916,Turkey's Erdogan says will take Jerusalem resolution to U.N. General Assembly,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey will take the resolution calling on the United States to withdraw its declaration of Jerusalem as the Israeli capital to the United Nations General Assembly, Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Tuesday. The resolution was introduced to the U.N. Security Council on Monday by Egypt, a non-permanent member, but was vetoed by the United States, despite the 14 other votes in favor.  Now, God willing, we will carry the resolution to the U.N. General Assembly,  Erdogan a joint news conference with the Djibouti s President Ismail Omar Guelleh.  A two-thirds support in the General Assembly would actually mean the rejection of the decision made by the Security Council,  he added. ",1
11917,East London road blocked due to 'significant' police incident,"LONDON (Reuters) - A major road in east London was partially closed due to a significant police incident on Tuesday, the British capital s transport operator said. Transport for London said on Twitter that East India Dock Road was partially blocked both ways due to  a significant police incident . London police had no immediate comment.  ",1
11918,Honduras opposition candidate calls on U.S. not to recognize election,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Honduran opposition candidate Salvador Nasralla called on United States on Tuesday not to recognize results announced in his country s presidential election and to suspend aid until a new vote can be held. Speaking at news conference in Washington, Nasralla accused his opponent, U.S.-friendly President Juan Orlando Hernandez, of holding on to power illegally after gross fraud in the Nov. 26 poll. Hernandez declared himself president elect on Tuesday despite a call for new elections by the Organization of American States (OAS) that followed allegations of fraud and deadly protests. ",1
11919,Croatia and Slovenia fail to move forward in talks on border dispute,"ZAGREB (Reuters) - Croatia and Slovenia failed to reach a compromise solution for their border dispute in talks on Tuesday, with Slovenia gearing up to implement an international court ruling which Croatia dismisses as invalid.  The Permanent Court of Arbitration in June ruled that most of the Piran Bay area shared between the two neighbors was Slovenia s territorial waters, and that Slovenia should have a sea corridor through Croatian waters to international waters. The Hague-based court s six-month deadline for the states to implement the ruling expires on Dec. 29. Croatia rejects the  ruling, saying it withdrew from the process in 2015 because of Slovenia s violation of the arbitration procedure.  We intend to implement the ruling and expect Croatia to do the same,  Slovenian Prime Minister Miro Cerar said at a news conference following talks in Zagreb on Tuesday with his Croatian counterpart Andrej Plenkovic.  Slovenia will start the implementation where it can do it alone, and it will seek dialogue and cooperation from Croatia where it cannot act alone.  Plenkovic said the ruling was not obligatory for Croatia, which had withdrawn from the arbitration process after a leaked tape showed that a Slovenian judge on the arbitration panel had improperly exchanged confidential information with the Ljubljana government. The court acknowledged the arbitration violation but concluded that it was not serious enough to halt the case.   The issue of borders is an open issue for Croatia,  Plenkovic said, adding that Croatia had proposed to Slovenia a legal framework for new talks on the borders. Cerar dismissed the idea, saying the arbitration ruling was final for Slovenia. Plenkovic warned against  unilateral acts that could cause incidents on the borders .      The two countries have been arguing over their sea and land borders since both declared independence from former Yugoslavia in 1991 as it disintegrated and slid into war. The dispute held up Croatian accession to the EU for many years. Only after both parties agreed to arbitration was Zagreb granted entry to the bloc in 2013. The court ruled that Slovenia should have most of the Piran Bay area recognized as its territorial waters.  In addition, the tribunal established a 2.5 nautical mile-wide and some 10 nautical mile-long corridor through Croatian waters to give Slovenia much-coveted direct access to international waters. ",1
11920,UK wants to set rules 'right for our situation' after leaving EU: May's spokesman,"LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May told her cabinet on Tuesday Britain s objective in leaving the EU should be a deal that enables it to set rules suited to its situation, her spokesman said after a cabinet meeting to establish long-term goals for exit talks. Having secured a deal to move European Union departure negotiations to the next stage last week, Tuesday s discussion marked the start of May s next battle over Brexit: what kind of long-term relationship will Britain have with the bloc? In making that decision, May must manage deep divisions at home, including among senior ministers, over whether to align Britain s economic future with the EU, or diverge from the bloc and seek a more global role. She will then have to go out and strike a deal in Brussels, where the EU is adamant that Britain cannot enjoy the full benefits of membership after leaving, wary of the need to deter others members from following suit.  The PM said it was clear what the cabinet s objective is: a deal which secures the best possible trading terms with the EU, enables the UK to set rules that are right for our situation and facilitates ambitious third-country trade deals,  the spokesman said. The meeting lasted almost two hours and saw 25 ministers speak on a subject at the heart of the country s fraught debate over leaving the EU. It was the first time cabinet has tackled the so-called  end state  of the negotiations since the referendum vote to leave in June last year. Further cabinet talks are expected early next year to firm up the best means of achieving May s goals - the stage of the discussion most likely to push ideological differences between  hard  and  soft  Brexiteers out into the open. Asked whether there was agreement on May s key aims, the spokesman said:  Yes, it s clear what we want to achieve. It was set out in a good, clear, detailed discussion in which there were contributions from a large majority of the cabinet.  On the eve of the meeting, EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier offered a reminder of the difficult talks that also lie ahead in Brussels, repeating the bloc s position that London s huge financial sector would not be given special treatment. May s spokesman said she had ruled out a final economic partnership with the EU modeled on the European Economic Area - whose members allow free movement in exchange for full access to the EU s single market - and her aim was to get a more ambitious deal than the one signed between Canada and the EU last year.  The Brexit Secretary (David Davis) and the prime minister were clear that Britain would be seeking a bespoke deal.   Before talks resume in Brussels, May must maintain a delicate balancing act to keep hardline Brexit ministers like foreign minister Boris Johnson behind her, without alienating those like finance minister Philip Hammond who believe Britain should be more wary of diverging from EU norms and standards. May needs the full backing of her cabinet after a misjudged snap election in June stripped her Conservative Party of its majority in parliament, weakening her authority both at home and in Brussels. Should she stumble, opposition Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn says he is ready to take her place, predicting another national election in 2018 in an interview with Grazia magazine.  The veteran socialist led Labour to unexpected gains in the June 8 vote, and has promised to deliver a Brexit more focused on protecting jobs and workers rights. That has been interpreted as meaning preserving ties with the EU in many areas. But, May has outlasted many of the dire prognoses offered after her June election flop. That is partly due to fears that fresh elections would put Corbyn in charge, and partly because few Conservative rivals want the task of delivering a decision which remains unpopular with large swathes of the electorate. A poll on Saturday showed 51 percent of Britons would now keep EU membership while 41 percent want to leave the bloc. The shift was mostly among those who did not vote in last year s referendum, while around nine in 10  leave  and  remain  voters were unchanged in their views. ",1
11921,Romania's upper house approves judiciary bill critics say is too political,"BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Romanian lawmakers voted on Tuesday to enact judicial changes that critics say will undermine graft investigations by weakening the president s oversight. The move brings the country, ranked as one of the bloc s most corrupt, in line with eastern European Union peers Hungary and Poland in defying EU concerns over the independence of judiciaries and the rule of law. Ruling Social Democrat senators approved the bill by 80-0 with all opposition groupings boycotting the vote. It now goes to the president, who has expresses scepticism about it. He can sign it or send it back for more discussion. The opposition, however, has already said it plans to contest the bill at the constitutional court, which could prolong its adoption by early 2018. Contested elements of the bill include weakening the president s right to vet prosecutor candidates, as well as amending the definition of prosecutors  activity to exclude the word  independent.   The president can refuse to appoint (prosecutors) only once...,  reads the bill.  Prosecutors carry out their work according to the principles of legality, impartiality, hierarchical control, under the authority of justice minister. Prosecutors are independent in proposing solutions,  the bill stipulates. Critics say this amounts to political control. The bill also refers to the finance ministry s obligation to recoup losses triggered by a judicial error from the judge who issued the sentence, instead of from state funds. Experts have said this would could distort court judgments. The bill is are part of a wider judiciary overhaul that has triggered street protests across the country in recent weeks. Romanian prosecutors have investigated thousands of public officials in an unprecedented crackdown on graft in recent years. The lower house and senate speakers, both leaders of the ruling coalition, are on trial in separate cases. ",1
11922,"South Africa's Ramaphosa says party's ""Top Six"" combines different views","JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - New ANC leader Cyril Ramaphosa said on Tuesday the  Top Six  of South Africa s ruling party comprised politicians from different sides of its ideological divides and he expected the party to emerge from this week s leadership conference stronger. Analysts have warned that the party s top decision-making group could fail to agree on policy, with three politicians apiece drawn from the Ramaphosa camp and that of his rival, Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma.  The leadership that has been chosen is a unity leadership,  Ramaphosa told reporters at the conference.  It s a leadership that combines different views and approaches that were prevalent in the conference prior to the election.  ",1
11923,Britain joins U.S. in blaming North Korea for 'WannaCry' attack,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain said North Korea was behind the  WannaCry  cyber attack that infected computers around the globe earlier this year on Tuesday, joining the United States in blaming Pyongyang for the ransomware incident. Britain s National Cyber Security Centre had assessed it was highly likely that North Korea s Lazarus hacking group was behind the one of the most significant cyber attacks to hit the UK in terms of scale of disruption, the Foreign Office said.  We condemn these actions and commit ourselves to working with all responsible states to combat destructive criminal use of cyber space,  Foreign Office minister Tariq Ahmad said.  The indiscriminate use of the WannaCry ransomware demonstrates North Korean actors using their cyber program to circumvent sanctions,  Ahmad said.  ",1
11924,German ban on Islamist group True Religion confirmed as complaints dropped,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German federal prosecutors on Tuesday finalised their ban on an Islamist association accused of radicalizing youngsters, saying that complaints about the ban from two members of the group had been withdrawn. Last year, the interior ministry banned the Islamist group  True Religion,  saying it had persuaded about 140 people to join militants in Iraq and Syria. [nL8N1DG28O] Following the ban, police launched dawn raids across Germany on about 190 mosques, flats and offices linked to the group. The federal prosecutor said that since the association itself had not complained about the ban and the two members  complaints had been withdrawn, the prohibition ruling was final. The case comes as Germany commemorates last year s Islamist-motivated attack on a Berlin Christmas Market which killed 12 people and injured many others. ",1
11925,"Pope, Jordan's King Abdullah, discuss Trump's Jerusalem move","VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope Francis and Jordan s King Abdullah on Tuesday discussed U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital, a move that both say is dangerous to Middle East peace. Abdullah and the pope spoke privately for about 20 minutes at the start of the king s visit to the Vatican and France. A Vatican statement said they discussed  the promotion of peace and stability in the Mideast, with particular reference to the question of Jerusalem and the role of the Hashemite Sovereign as Custodian of the Holy Places . King Abdullah s Hashemite dynasty is the custodian of the Muslim holy sites in Jerusalem, making Amman sensitive to any changes of status of the disputed city. When Trump announced his decision on Dec. 6, the pope responded by calling for the city s  status quo  to be respected, saying new tension in the Middle East would further inflame world conflicts.  Among an outpouring of international criticism, Jordan also rejected the U.S. decision, calling it legally  null  because it consolidated Israel s occupation of the eastern sector of the city. The United States was further isolated over the issue on Monday when it blocked a U.N. Security Council call for the declaration to be withdrawn. Both the Vatican and Jordan back a two-state solution to the Palestinian-Israeli conflict, with them agreeing on the status of Jerusalem as part of the peace process. Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of their future independent state, whereas Israel has declared the whole city to be its  united and eternal  capital. The statement said both sides wanted to encourage negotiations. ",1
11926,Melania's birth country Slovenia sees strong tourism growth,"LJUBLJANA (Reuters) - Slovenia, birth country of U.S. First Lady Melania Trump, expects revenues from foreign tourists to jump by about 9 percent this year and by at least 5 percent in 2018, Economy Minister Zdravko Pocivalsek said on Tuesday. 2017 will be the fourth record year in a row for Slovenian tourism after revenues from foreign tourists reached some 2.3 billion euros ($2.71 billion) last year, Pocivalsek told a news conference. Tourism in Slovenia rose strongly because of  a general increase of tourism in Europe and a successful promotion of Slovenia as a safe country. Officials say it also got something of a boost from Melania Trump having been born in the city of Sevnica in southeastern Slovenia before becoming a fashion model and moving to the United States.   We received a lot of attention from (international) journalists because of the U.S. First Lady and we managed to present Slovenia as an attractive, green country,  Maja Pak, head of the Slovenian Tourist Organisation, told the same news conference. About 60 percent of Slovenia is covered by forests while the country has some resorts on the Adriatic sea as well as a number of Alpine and spa tourist resorts.  Pocivalsek also said Slovenia plans to gradually privative all tourist accommodation infrastructure which should further improve tourism business. At present about 40 percent of hotels in Slovenia are in state hands.  I want a well-considered privatization ... which will be in favor of the state and the companies that are being sold,  Pocivalsek said. In the first 10 months of 2017 the number of foreign tourists jumped by almost 17 percent year-on-year, the statistics office said last month.  In the first nine months of the year, the latest data available, the number of tourists from the United States rose by 23.4 percent, it added.  According to the government s tourism strategy the revenues from foreign tourists should rise to at least 3.7 billion euros per year by the end of 2021. ($1 = 0.8472 euros) ",1
11927,South Korea's Moon: Could curb U.S. military exercises before Olympics - NBC,"(Reuters) - South Korean President Moon Jae-in said he was willing to take steps to ease tensions on the Korean peninsula ahead of next year s Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, including curtailing military exercises with the United States, NBC said on Tuesday.  It is possible for South Korea and the U.S. to review the possibility of postponing the exercises. I ve made such a suggestion to the U.S., and the U.S. is currently reviewing it. However, all this depends on how North Korea behaves,  Moon said in an interview with NBC News. ",1
11928,Macron rebuffs Assad accusations that France sponsors terrorism,"PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron said on Tuesday that Bashar al-Assad was the enemy of millions of his own people and in no position to lecture France, after the Syrian leader accused Paris of supporting terrorism.  After a string of strong comments by French officials blaming Assad s government for atrocities and failed talks, Assad said on Monday France was supporting bloodshed in Syria, making it unfit to talk about peace settlements.   France spearheaded support for terrorism and their hands are soaked in Syrian blood from the first days and we do not see they have changed their stance fundamentally,  Assad was quoted in state media as saying.  Those who support terrorism have no right to talk about peace,  Assad added. Despite being a leading backer of the Syrian opposition, France has sought a more pragmatic approach to the conflict since the arrival of Macron, saying that Assad s departure was not a pre-condition for talks to end the six-year war. Speaking alongside NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg, Macron hit back at Assad.  I don t think Syria boils down to Bashar al-Assad,  Macron said.  The Syrian people have an enemy. There are millions of Syrians outside of Syria and they have an enemy who is Bashar al-Assad. That s the reality.     On the military front we have a priority which is war against Daesh (Islamic State) and that s why his (Assad s) statements are unacceptable because if there is someone that has fought and can defeat Daesh  ... it is the international coalition.   France and other members of a U.S.-led coalition have launched air strikes against Islamic State targets. Macron said on Monday he would push for peace talks involving all parties, including Assad, promising  initiatives  early next year, although it remains unclear how any French proposal would relate to existing United Nations  efforts.  He criticized separate Russian talks in Astana with Iran and Turkey meant to reduce violence and possibly pave the way to Syrian talks in Sochi next year. Those initiatives would fail, Macron said, because they did not include Assad s opponents and were an attempt to impose a solution on Syrians.  I don t believe in a resolution of a conflict by external forces that want to impose a peace  ... and I don t believe in indulging someone that thinks their country boils down to them.  ",1
11929,Saudi-led air strikes kill 136 civilians in Yemen: U.N.,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Air strikes by the Saudi-led military coalition in Yemen have killed at least 136 civilians and non-combatants since Dec. 6, the U.N. human rights spokesman said on Tuesday. Other U.N. officials said the coalition was maintaining tight restrictions on ships reaching Yemen even though 8 million Yemenis are on the brink of famine with the country relying on imports for the bulk of its food, fuel and medicine.  We are deeply concerned at the recent surge in civilian casualties in Yemen as a result of intensified air strikes by the ... coalition, following the killing of former president Ali Abdullah Saleh in Sanaa on Dec. 4,  human rights spokesman Rupert Colville told a news briefing.  Incidents verified by the U.N. human rights office included seven air strikes on a prison in the Shaub district of Sanaa on Dec. 13 that killed at least 45 detainees thought to be loyal to President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi, who is backed by Saudi Arabia.  One can assume that was a mistake, they weren t intending to kill prisoners from their own side,  Colville said.  It s an illustration of lack of due precaution.  Other air strikes killed 14 children and six adults in a farmhouse in Hodeidah governorate on Dec. 15, as well as a woman and nine children returning from a wedding party in Marib governorate on Dec. 16, he said. Air strikes verified by the U.N. rights office in Sanaa, Saada, Hodeidah and Taiz governorates also injured 87 civilians.  If in a specific event due precaution is not taken or civilians are deliberately targeted, that can easily be a war crime,  Colville said.  It is up to a court to make a ruling, he said, but there had been so many similar incidents in Yemen, it would be hard to conclude war crimes had not taken place. On Tuesday Saudi air defenses intercepted a ballistic missile fired towards the capital Riyadh but there were no reports of casualties, the coalition said, the latest in a series of attacks by the Iran-aligned Houthi group in Yemen. The restrictions on access to Yemen imposed by the coalition became a total blockade on Nov. 6 though conditions were eased on Nov. 25 to allow aid ships and some commercial cargoes to reach the shattered Arabian Peninsula country. The U.N. World Food Programme has brought in enough food for 1.8 million people for two months, but far more is needed. ",1
11930,Thai junta says to allow parties to get ready for 2018 election,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha said on Tuesday he would use a special order that gives the military sweeping powers to allow political parties to prepare for next year s general election.  Major parties had urged the government for months to lift a ban on political activity, which has been in place since a 2014 coup, to allow them to get ready for the vote. Prayuth, who is also head of the junta, said he would use the special order, known as Article 44, to solve a political deadlock.  The government will have to use Article 44 to solve this problem (political activity deadlock),  Prayuth told reporters, referring to a constitutional clause that grants the military absolute powers. Government spokesperson Sansern Kaewkamnerd said Prayuth would allow parties to take some steps outlined in Thailand s new constitution, including reviewing their membership list and ensuring they have at least 500 members to qualify them to run in the November 2018 poll.  The meeting is not considering lifting the ban on political activities at the moment,  Sansern said. The military has been running Thailand since the May 2014 coup when it ousted the civilian government of Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra, ending years of political turmoil, including pro- and anti-government street protests.  A coup in 2006 ousted Yingluck s brother, former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra, whose supporters have dominated the polls since 2001. The 2014 coup saw some Western countries downgrade ties with Bangkok. Earlier this month, the European Union said it would resume political contact  at all levels  with Thailand after putting relations on hold. That announcement came after Prayuth said a general election would he held next November. (Corrects to clarify that PM s order will allow parties to prepare for elections, not lift a ban on politics) ",1
11931,"UK counter-terrorism police arrest four, send in bomb disposal team","LONDON (Reuters) - An army bomb disposal team was sent to a house in northern England after police arrested four men on Tuesday on suspicion of planning acts of terrorism. Three men, aged 22, 36 and 41, were held after raids at their homes in Sheffield and a 31-year-old was detained at an address in nearby Chesterfield.  The arrests were intelligence-led and pre-planned as part of an ongoing investigation by Counter Terrorism Policing North East and (domestic security agency) MI5,  West Yorkshire Police said in a statement. They added:  The public may have heard loud bangs at the time police entered the properties. We would like to reassure them that this was part of the method of entry to gain access.  Police said the bomb disposal unit had been sent to the Chesterfield house and that nearby residents had been evacuated as a precaution. There were no details about what the men were suspected of planning. They are being questioned on suspicion of being concerned in the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism.  Britain has suffered five militant attacks so far this year, four of which led to loss of life, while security chiefs say another nine have been thwarted. The country remains on its second-highest threat level meaning an attack is considered highly likely. ",1
11932,"Philippine military removes navy chief, but won't say why","MANILA (Reuters) - The Philippines relieved its navy commander of duty on Tuesday, four months ahead of his retirement, with the armed forces offering no explanation for his removal. Military spokesman Colonel Edgard Arevalo confirmed to reporters that Vice Admiral Ronald Joseph Mercado was no longer in charge of the 23,000-strong naval forces, but declined to say why.  The reason for this change of command will be explained in due time,  Arevalo told reporters. Military sources quoted in media reports said Mercado s removal was connected to controversy that had surfaced over the procurement of two frigates from South Korea, which are due to be delivered by 2020.  A defence official privy to the decision to remove Mercado said it concerned equipment to be purchased for those frigates. The official told Reuters the former navy chief had lost the  trust and confidence  of Defence Secretary Delfin Lorenzana. Lorenzana did not respond to a request for comment on Mercado s removal and calls to Mercado s mobile phone went unanswered.   There were some policy differences between the defense department and the navy over the 18 billion pesos ($358 million) acquisition of two brand-new frigates from South Korea,  the military official said, requesting anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue. Rear Admiral Robert Empedrad was promoted to navy commander at a low-key ceremony at the armed forces headquarters in Manila. Congressman Gary Alejano, a former marine officer, said he would request a formal congressional inquiry take place over the navy s frigate acquisition project, having found Mercado s sudden removal  unusual . The Philippines is in the midst of a five-year, 125 billion peso ($2.5 billion) plan to modernise its ill-equipped armed forces, acquiring new boats, planes, helicopters, rifles, radars and communication equipment. ($1 = 50.2810 Philippine pesos) ",1
11933,Tunisia to hold long-delayed municipal vote in 2018,"TUNIS (Reuters) - Tunisia will hold long-delayed municipal elections in 2018, the presidency said on Tuesday, the first such vote since the 2011 uprising unseated autocrat Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali. Activists hope the elections will give a new push for the North African country s democratic transition by giving more power to local councils. Soldiers and security forces will get to vote on April 29 and members of the public on May 6, President Beji Caid Essebsi said in a statement. The vote had been postponed several times, raising fears among activists that figures from the old regime were trying to stall the advances promised after the uprising. In September parliament approved a law granting amnesty to officials liked to the former government accused of corruption.  The same month Prime Minister Youssef Chahed unveiled a new cabinet including several officials who had held positions under Ben Ali. The last municipal vote was held in 2010. ",1
11934,Indonesia labels calls for U.S. boycott over Jerusalem move 'misguided',"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesia s vice president said on Tuesday that calls for a boycott of U.S. goods over President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel were misguided - not least because of the country s reliance on U.S. technology.  There have been a series of protests in the world s biggest Muslim-majority country since Trump s controversial move this month to reverse decades of U.S. policy. At a rally of about 80,000 people on Sunday, the Indonesian Ulema Council, a body of Muslim clerics, called for a boycott of U.S. and Israeli products if Trump did not revoke his action. Vice President Jusuf Kalla told reporters that Indonesia was trying to put pressure on Washington through the United Nations and it was not even practical to stop using American products.    Do not be emotional... do we dare to boycott iPhones, stop  using Google. Can (you) live without them?  he asked.  (You) cannot live without them now. If you go out of the house now, you put (an iPhone) in your pocket,  he said.  Kalla said that even if people stopped watching U.S. movies, other American goods such as specialized petroleum equipment were vital in oil-producing Indonesia, Southeast Asia s biggest economy.   There have been a series of protests in Indonesia over the issue of Jerusalem, including some where hardliners burned U.S. and Israeli flags. The status of Jerusalem, a city holy to Jews, Muslims and Christians, is one of the biggest barriers to a lasting Israeli-Palestinian peace. Asked about how to proceed after Washington vetoed a U.N. Security Council resolution calling for the U.S. declaration on Jerusalem to be withdrawn, Kalla said that dialogue was the only solution.   There had been three wars, and Palestine s territory has become smaller, so there must be a dialogue, peace,  he said. Indonesia enjoys a trade surplus with the United States and is one of 16 countries that the Trump administration has said could be investigated for possible trade abuses. Tutum Rahanta, deputy chairman of the Indonesian Retailers Association, said it was up to consumers whether to buy American products.  If it is advice or a call to boycott, it depends on the consumers whether to use the products or not.  ",1
11935,Russia's Putin says ex-Soviet countries threatened by militants: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Tuesday that former Soviet countries were being threatened by militants using Central Asia and the Middle East as a springboard for expansion, the RIA news agency reported.  ",1
11936,"Philippines withdraws bid for U.S. grant, says unrelated to rights","MANILA (Reuters) - The Philippines said on Tuesday it has withdrawn an application for a second grant from a U.S. aid agency after getting $434 million in 2010 aimed at reducing poverty, but that the move had nothing to do with Western criticism of its human rights record. Projects financed by the aid agency, the Millennium Challenge Corp (MCC), require counterpart funding from the Philippines, but presidential spokesman Harry Roque said the government wanted to channel resources instead into rebuilding Marawi, a southern city devastated in fighting between the military and Islamist insurgents this year.  It was deemed that for the time being, we will withdraw our application for the second cycle and we will focus instead on the rebuilding of Marawi,  Roque said. The issue of aid has been contentious in the Philippines, with President Rodrigo Duterte objecting to donors attaching conditions, and especially to any expressions of concern about human rights. Nearly 4,000 people have been killed by police since June last year. Police reject allegations they are executing drug users and dealers and say killings were all in self-defence. Several thousand other people have been killed in mysterious circumstances, with the police usually attributing those deaths to gang violence. In August, the MCC upheld the eligibility of the Philippines to secure a fresh grant, after initially deferring a vote amid concern about Duterte s war on drugs. The Southeast Asian country  graft-fighting efforts are also in the spotlight after it fell short of the  control of corruption  target on the MCC s scorecard. But Roque was quick to point out that the decision to withdraw the application for another MCC grant had nothing to do with such issues. He said the government would  probably  apply for another MCC grant in future. This year, his government rejected about 250 million euros ($295 million) in European Union grants. Officials of the MCC were not available for comment. The U.S. embassy in Manila, without mentioning the Philippines  withdrawal of its grant application, said the MCC was pleased with its achievements in the Philippines.  Both the MCC and the United States are proud of our longstanding, positive relationship  with the Philippines, said embassy press attache Molly Koscina. ",1
11937,Deputy head of nationalist Finns Party quits leadership post after harassment,"HELSINKI (Reuters) - A senior politician in Finland s euroskeptic Finns Party said on Tuesday he would step down from the leadership of the party, formerly part of a coalition government, after harassing a lawmaker in parliament. Finnish media quoted a female MP from another party as saying that Teuvo Hakkarainen, a deputy chairman of the nationalist Finns Party, last week grabbed her neck and kissed her in parliament caf  despite her objections.  I am very sorry for what happened, alcohol does not suit me ... I have hurt (her),  Hakkarainen said in his Facebook page.  I will step down from the position of the party s second deputy chairman.  Finns Party s lawmakers issued a warning to Hakkarainen over the incident, saying any harassment was unacceptable. Hakkarainen will remain a member of the Finns Party parliamentary group. Hakkarainen was part of a new hard-line leadership nominated by the party in June, a development that led to it being kicked out of the government by Prime Minister Juha Sipila.  More than half of its lawmakers subsequently left the party and formed a new group to keep their government seats. The Finns Party, formerly called  True Finns , rose from obscurity during the euro zone debt crisis with an anti-EU platform, complicating the bloc s bailout talks with troubled states.  Hakkarainen was fined earlier this year for a Facebook post calling for a Muslim-free Finland which a district court said amounted to agitation against an ethnic group. The party currently has polling support of about eight percent, down from 18 percent in 2015 general election. ",1
11938,U.S. Embassy in Turkey says visa appointments only available from Jan 2019,"ANKARA (Reuters) - The U.S. Embassy in Turkey said on Tuesday that visa appointments were only available from early 2019, due to an accumulation of applications following a diplomatic spat that prompted the two NATO allies to mutually suspend granting visas.  In spite of long wait times, the U.S. Mission to Turkey continues to process non-immigrant visas. Appointments are available for January 2019, and applicants can as always choose to apply outside of Turkey,  it said. The United States in November resumed  limited visa services  in Turkey after getting what it said were assurances about the safety of its local staff. Washington halted issuing visas at its missions in Turkey in October, citing the detention of two local employees. Turkey soon matched the move, relaxing a visa ban of its own that was instituted in retaliation against Washington. However, Turkey said it had not offered assurances. In May, a translator at the U.S. consulate in the southern province of Adana was arrested and, more recently, a U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) worker was detained in Istanbul. Both are accused of links to last year s coup attempt. The U.S. embassy has said the accusations are baseless. Turkey has been angered by what it sees as U.S. reluctance to hand over the cleric Fethullah Gulen, who has lived in Pennsylvania since 1999 and whom Ankara blames for orchestrating the coup. U.S. officials have said courts require sufficient evidence to order his extradition. ",1
11939,"Brace for a UK election next year, opposition Labour leader Corbyn says","LONDON (Reuters) - Opposition Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn said there is likely to be a British national election next year but that he opposes a second referendum on European Union membership, Grazia magazine reported. Prime Minister Theresa May lost her Conservative Party its majority in parliament by betting on a snap election in June, weakening her hand in Brexit negotiations. Labour by contrast  did well at the election, making a net gain of 30 seats in Britain s 650-seat parliament. Corbyn, a lifelong socialist, who has repeatedly claimed that he will win power, said there would soon be another election.  There will probably be another election in the next 12 months,  he was quoted by Grazia as saying. He predicted his Labour Party would win.  I m ready to be Prime Minister tomorrow,  Corbyn said. Corbyn, who said he voted against EU membership in a 1975 referendum but voted for membership in 2016, said he opposed former Labour Prime Minister Tony Blair s proposal for another referendum on membership.  Some were extremely irresponsible in what they did and said, but we have to recognize it was the largest participation of people in an electoral process ever in Britain and they chose to leave,  Corbyn was quoted as saying.  I think we should continue putting pressure on the government to allow a transition period to develop, because at the moment we re in danger of getting into a complete mess in March 2019,  Corbyn said, referring to the date Britain is due to leave the EU. ",1
11940,Vietnam orders prosecution of oil firm official in corruption crackdown,"HANOI (Reuters) - Vietnamese police have ordered the prosecution of an official at scandal-hit state energy firm PetroVietnam over financial losses, the Ministry of Public Security said on Tuesday. PetroVietnam is at the heart of a sweeping high-level corruption crackdown in the communist state.  The ministry said in a statement that Phan Dinh Duc, a member of PetroVietnam s board of directors, would face prosecution on suspicion of  violation of state regulations on economic management, causing serious consequences . PetroVietnam told Reuters in an emailed statement it would cooperate with the authorities in the investigation.  Former PetroVietnam chairman Dinh La Thang, 56, was arrested on Dec 8. Thang, also a former member of Vietnam s politburo, was the most senior executive arrested in the scandal.   Police have said they are investigating alleged violations of state rules at PetroVietnam, which resulted in a loss of an 800 billion dong ($35.2 million) investment in local lender Ocean Bank. The corruption crackdown made global headlines in August when Germany accused Vietnam of kidnapping Trinh Xuan Thanh, a former chairman of PetroVietnam s construction unit, in Berlin after he applied for asylum there. Vietnamese police denied he had been kidnapped saying he had turned himself in and returned to Vietnam, where he is in detention. The Communist Party has said Thanh will go on trial next month. ",1
11941,Kremlin dismisses Trump's 'imperialist' security strategy,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin dismissed U.S. President Donald Trump s new national security strategy as imperialist on Tuesday, but welcomed Washington s willingness to cooperate in some areas. A day earlier, Trump s administration had unveiled a security paper - based on the president s  America First  push - that accused Russia of interfering in other countries  internal affairs.   A quick read of the parts of the strategy that mention our country one way or another... (shows) an imperialist character,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters.  The paper, he added also showed  an unwillingness to give up the idea of a unipolar world, moreover, an insistent unwillingness, disregard for a multipolar world.  Trump s strategy paper did not include specific accusations from U.S. security agencies that Moscow meddled in the 2016 U.S. election. But it reflected a broader view long held by U.S. diplomats that Russia actively undermines American interests at home and abroad.  We can not agree with an attitude that sees our country as a threat to the United States,  Peskov said.  At the same time, there are some modestly positive aspects, in particular, the readiness to cooperate in areas that correspond to American interests.   Trump has frequently spoken of wanting to improve relations with President Vladimir Putin, even though Russia has frustrated U.S. policy in Syria and Ukraine and done little to help Washington in its standoff with North Korea. In a speech laying out his strategy on Monday, Trump said he had received a call from Putin a day earlier to thank him for providing U.S. intelligence that helped thwart a bomb attack in the Russian city of St. Petersburg. A U.S. Justice Department investigation is looking into whether Trump campaign aides colluded with Russia, something that Moscow and Trump both deny. ",1
11942,Iran summons Swiss envoy over U.S.' 'irresponsible' missile claim: Tasnim,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Iran summoned the Swiss ambassador on Tuesday to condemn what it called an  irresponsible  claim by the U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. that Tehran supplied a missile fired at Saudi Arabia from Yemen on Nov. 4, Iran s Tasnim news agency reported. The Swiss embassy represents U.S. interests in Tehran, where Washington has had no mission since 1980, when Iranian students took 52 Americans hostage for 444 days.  Iran s strong protest at (Nikki) Haley s baseless and provocative claim was conveyed to the Swiss ambassador,  Foreign Ministry spokesman Bahram Qasemi was quoted as saying by Tasnim.  ",1
11943,"France, U.S. 'determined' to up pressure on Iran over ballistic weapons","PARIS (Reuters) - France and the United States are determined to  vigorously  raise pressure on Iran over its ballistic missile program, including possibly through sanctions, Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said during a visit to Washington.  Le Drian was in the American capital on Monday to meet U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, White House national security adviser H.R. McMaster and U.S. President Donald Trump s special adviser Jared Kushner.  Tensions between Iran and France have risen in recent months with both sides repeatedly trading barbs in public, including le Drian accusing Iran of  hegemonic temptations  in the region. Iran on Sunday criticized President Emmanuel Macron over his tough stance toward Tehran and said Paris would soon lose its international credibility if it  blindly follows  U.S. President Donald Trump.  They didn t like the word, but I stand by it,  le Drian told reporters.  Iran s hegemonic temptations in the region is a matter of urgency because it s within the framework of getting peace in Iraq and Syria that we will stop this process.  Iranian officials have been particularly aggrieved by France s criticism of its ballistic missile tests and suggestions of possible new sanctions over the program, which Tehran calls solely defensive in nature. Le Drian, who is due in Iran at the beginning of January, said he would tell them clearly of Paris  concerns.   We are fully determined to press very vigorously on Iran to stop the development of an increasingly significant ballistic capability ,  Le Drian said, reiterating that sanctions were possible. Macron, unlike Trump, has reaffirmed his country s commitment to the deal Iran signed in 2015 with world powers under which it curbed its disputed nuclear program in exchange for the lifting of most international sanctions. After talks with the U.S. officials, Le Drian said he believed that Washington was beginning to understand European messages on the need to maintain the accord. ",1
11944,UK electoral body fines Liberal Democrats over Brexit vote expenses,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s Electoral Commission said on Tuesday it has fined the Liberal Democrats party 18,000 pounds ($24,069) for breaching campaign finance rules in the 2016 European Union referendum. The party was fined 17,000 pounds for failing to provide acceptable invoices or receipts and 1,000 pounds because some payments were reported in aggregate rather than as individual payments, the commission said in a statement.    The reporting requirements for parties and campaigners at referendums and elections are clear, that s why it is disappointing that the Liberal Democrats didn t follow them correctly,  said Bob Posner, the Electoral Commission s director of political finance.  ($1 = 0.7478 pounds) ",1
11945,At least 65 media workers killed doing their jobs in 2017: Reporters Without Borders,"BERLIN (Reuters) - At least 65 media workers around the world have been killed doing their jobs this year, media freedom organization Reporters Without Borders said on Tuesday. Among the dead were 50 professional journalists, seven citizen journalists and eight other media workers. The five most dangerous countries were Syria, Mexico, Afghanistan, Iraq and the Philippines. Of those killed, 35 died in regions where armed conflict is ongoing while 30 were killed outside of such areas. Thirty-nine of those killed were targeted for their journalistic work such as reporting on political corruption or organized crime while the other 26 were killed while working due to shelling and bomb attacks, for example.   It s alarming that so many journalists were murdered outside of war zones,  said Katja Gloger, a board member of Reporters Without Borders.  In far too many countries perpetrators can assume they ll get off scot-free if they re violent towards media professionals,  she added. The organization said more than 300 media workers were currently in prison, with around half of those in five countries, namely Turkey, China, Syria, Iran and Vietnam.  ",1
11946,"Korean 'comfort woman' dies in Tokyo, age 95, as issue clouds Seoul-Tokyo ties","TOKYO (Reuters) - A Korean woman who was forced to work at a Japanese wartime military brothel and later lost a Supreme Court case seeking compensation from the Japanese government has died in Japan at the age of 95, a civic group said on Tuesday. The death of Song Shin-do leaves 32 women registered with the South Korean government as surviving  comfort women , as those forced to work in wartime brothels are euphemistically known in Japan. Japan s 1910-1945 colonization of the Korean peninsula and the legacy of World War Two remain highly sensitive in South Korea. The issue of  comfort women ,  is especially contentious. Song was born in Korea and said she was forced into sexual slavery by the Japanese military for seven years in China, according to the Korean Council for Women Drafted for Military Sexual Slavery by Japan, a Seoul-based civic group that supports the women, which confirmed her death. After the war, Song moved to Japan with a Japanese soldier who later left her. After that, she lived with an ethnic Korean man in Japan, the group said. In 1993, Song filed a lawsuit with the Tokyo District Court seeking an official apology and compensation from the Japanese government.  The case eventually went to Japan s Supreme Court, which dismissed her appeal in 2003 on the grounds that Japan had no legal obligation to pay for her suffering because a 20-year stature of limitations had expired, according to a summary by the Columbia Law School s Center for Korean Legal Studies. The South Korean civic group said Song had  suffered for seven years as a sex slave for the Japanese military . Some Japanese ultra-conservatives deny that the women were forced to work in the brothels. Japan says the matter of compensation for the women was settled under a 1965 treaty with South Korea.  In addition, Japan s then-chief cabinet secretary, Yohei Kono, apologized in a 1993 statement acknowledging authorities  involvement in coercing the women. Two years later, Japan created a fund to make payments to the women from donations, budgeted money for their welfare support and sent letters of apology from successive premiers. Under a pact endorsed by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and South Korean President  Moon Jae-in s predecessor, in 2015, Japan apologized again to the women and promised 1 billion yen ($9 million) for a fund to help them. The two governments agreed the issue would be  irreversibly resolved  if both fulfilled their obligations. But Moon has said the South Korean people did not accept the deal. Reminders of Japan s brutal rule are inflammatory for both sides. Japan wants South Korea to remove a statue near the Japanese consulate in Busan city commemorating Korean comfort women, as well as another near the Japanese embassy in Seoul. ",1
11947,China urges cooperation after U.S. brands it a competitor,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Cooperation between China and the United States will lead to a win-win outcome for both sides, but confrontation will bring mutual losses, China said on Tuesday, after the United States branded it a competitor seeking to challenge U.S. power. China hopes the United States can abandon its mentality of zero-sum games and seek common ground while respecting differences, China s U.S. embassy said on its website.  On the basis of mutual respect, China is willing to exist peacefully with other countries including the United States,  it said.  But the U.S. ought to adapt to, and accept, China s development.  China has always been a contributor to global development and a protector of the international order, Foreign Ministry Spokeswoman Hua Chunying said later in Beijing.       Cooperation is the only correct choice for China and the United States,  she said, adding that it was not surprising for the two to have disagreements but that they should find constructive ways to handle them. China s economic and diplomatic activities around the world are broadly welcomed and no country or report will succeed in distorting the facts or deploying malicious slander, she told a daily news briefing. As the world s two largest economies, China and the United States have a responsibility to protect global peace and stability and promote global prosperity, Hua added.  We urge the U.S. side to stop intentionally distorting China s strategic intentions.  In a new national security strategy based on U.S. President Donald Trump s  America First  vision on Monday, the United States lumped China and Russia together as competitors seeking to erode U.S. security and prosperity.                The singling out of China and Russia as  revisionist powers  comes despite Trump s own attempts to build strong relations with Chinese President Xi Jinping as the two sides seek to rein in North Korea s nuclear and missile programs. The new U.S. strategy reflects an unwillingness to accept the reality of China s rise, the state-run Global Times said in an editorial.   But because of the enormous size and strength China has already achieved, they won t be able to suppress China,  the widely-read newspaper said. However, Trump was basically reiterating his standard line on China rather than threatening any specific action, said Shi Yinhong, head of the Centre for American Studies at Beijing s Renmin University.  Since he took office the Chinese government s line on Trump has always been: Don t really look at what he says, but look at what he does,  said Shi, who has advised the government on diplomacy.  So the strong words against China in the report the Chinese government won t really care about.   A senior U.S. administration official said China was attempting to revise the global status quo through its aggression in the South China Sea.  China says its expansion of islets in the South China Sea is for peaceful purposes only and it can, in any case, do what it wants, as it has irrefutable sovereignty there. The U.S. administration also warned that intellectual property theft by China was a national security problem. ",1
11948,Cuba boosts trade ties with Cold War ally Russia as U.S. disengages,"HAVANA (Reuters) - Boxy Russian-built Lada automobiles still rattle around Cuba, growing more decrepit by the year, a reminder of vanished Soviet patronage for the Communist-led island. But next month, more than 300 shiny new Ladas are slated to roll onto Havana s potholed streets, the first in more than a decade. Their manufacturer Avtovaz, Russia s biggest carmaker, says it hopes to ramp up exports, thanks to financing from Russian government development bank VEB. Flush with state funding, Avtovaz and other Russian companies are once again increasing sales to the Caribbean isle. It is part of a broader move by Moscow to renew commercial, military and political ties just as the U.S. government is retreating from Cuba under Republican President Donald Trump. Russian exports to Cuba jumped 81 percent on the year to $225 million in the January-September period, official Russian data shows. That is just a quarter of the exports of Cuba s chief merchandise trading partner, China, but growing fast. Russian state oil major Rosneft in May resumed fuel shipments to Cuba for the first time this century. The company s head met with Cuban President Raul Castro in Havana on Saturday, the latest sign the two countries are readying a major energy agreement. The nations in the past have discussed increased deliveries of Russian oil to the island and development of Cuba s offshore oil fields.  That would be a major assist for Cuba amid slumping shipments of cheap fuel from its troubled socialist ally Venezuela. Last month, private Russian company Sinara delivered the first of 75 locomotives worth $190 million ordered by Cuba in 2016. Russia s largest truck maker KAMAZ has also stepped up exports to Cuba.  Negotiations for rail lines and other infrastructure are in the works.  We can call this period a renaissance,  Aleksandr Bogatyr, Russia s trade representative in Cuba, said in an interview. He forecast bilateral trade could grow to $350 million to $400 million this year, one of its highest levels in nearly two decades, up from $248 million in 2016. Russia s Cuba offensive comes as Trump has halted efforts by his Democratic predecessor Barack Obama to normalize U.S.-Cuba ties and ease the decades-old U.S. trade embargo. In June, Trump ordered tighter travel and commercial restrictions again, disappointing U.S. businesses that had hoped to capitalize on the detente. In September, his administration slashed U.S. embassy staffing in Cuba. Moscow is seizing on that rollback as a way to undermine U.S. influence in its own backyard, some foreign policy experts say.  Russia sees it as a moment to further its own relationship with Cuba,  said Jason Marczak, Director at the Adrienne Arsht Latin America Center.  The more the Russian footprint increase in Cuba, the more that will reinforce hardened anti-U.S. attitudes and shut out U.S. businesses from eventually doing greater business in Cuba.  Throughout the Cold War, Moscow propped up Fidel Castro s revolutionary government, providing it with billions of dollars worth of cheap grain, machinery and other goods. Those subsidies disappeared with the 1991 collapse of the Soviet Union. Trade plunged.  Under Russian President Vladimir Putin, who longs to return his nation to superpower status, Moscow over the past decade has sought to revive relations with Latin America, particularly with countries wary of U.S. influence. The turnaround with Cuba got a boost in 2014 when Russia forgave 90 percent of Cuba s $35 billion Soviet-era debt. It also started providing export financing to Russian companies looking to sell to the cash-strapped island. The help has been cheered in Cuba, where Raul Castro is due to step down next year, marking the departure of the generation that led the 1959 Cuban Revolution. Russia may lie half a world away from Cuba, but traces of its historic ties with the Caribbean s largest island are everywhere. Older generations learned Russian and studied in the Soviet Union. At a recent trade fair in the capital, Cubans spontaneously sung along to the folk music played at the opening of Russia s pavilion. Moskvich and Lada cars, Ural motor-bikes and Kamaz trucks chug along the streets. Most Cuban farm equipment is from the former Soviet Union. That legacy alone has sustained some Russian trade.  We sell spare parts for ground transport, some planes, agriculture, construction,  said Russian businessman Igor Leonov. He set up his import company, Ces Co. Ltd, in Cuba nearly thirty years ago and says there is plenty of demand. The decades-old U.S. trade embargo has also forced Cuba to remain loyal to some Russian manufacturers. The island upgraded its Soviet-era fleet in the 2000s with Russian-built Tupolev, Antonov and Ilyushin planes. Nadezhda Lesova, an executive at the Russian Export Center in Moscow, said her organization regarded Cuba as a  strategic region.  She said the center is providing support for exports to Cuba, including insurance, loans and subsidies, worth around 430 million euros ($508.60 million). Some major deals are under discussion.  State-owned monopoly Russian Railways (RZD) is negotiating to upgrade more than 1000 km of Cuban railroads and install a high-speed link between Havana and the beach resort of Varadero, in what would be Cuba s biggest infrastructure project in decades.  It is expected the deal will be worth 1.9 billion euros  ($2.26 billion) and will be signed by the end of the year,  Oleg Nikolaev, Deputy Chief Executive Officer at the RZD subsidiary RZD International, told Reuters. In October, oil firm Rosneft said it was looking at modernizing the island s Cienfuegos oil refinery. But the optimistic talk could be overblown. Venezuela and China have announced investments in Cuba that came to naught, largely due to the complications of doing business in Cuba. Some Russian companies are already smarting from Cuba s cash crunch. Ces Co. Ltd, the parts importer, said Cuba was behind on $9 million in payments. And it is unclear how long Russia will continue to finance exports, with its own economy struggling amid low oil prices and Western sanctions. Russia s economic constraints are one reason analysts are dubious that Moscow will make good on recent proposals to re-open a former base in Cuba. Shuttered in 2001, the so-called Lourdes base was used for electronic surveillance of the United States. Still, U.S. military experts are concerned that Russia could leverage increased economic influence in Cuba to step up its military and espionage activities on the island. Sixteen high-ranking military officers wrote an open letter to the Trump administration in April asking it to continue Obama s opening with Cuba for national security reasons.  If Russia is willing to offset oil supplies from Venezuela and some other things, maybe Cuba doesn t have much of a choice but to let them re-establish political warfare operations there,  retired U.S. Army Brig. Gen. David L. McGinnis, one of the signatories, said in an interview with Reuters. Paul Hare, a former British ambassador to Cuba, sees Russia s renewed interest in Cuba as geostrategic.     It s hard to see a business interest, as Cuba can t pay,  said Hare, who now lectures at Boston University s Pardee School of Global Studies.  The Russians will do just as much as they want to prop up Cuba so as to be a nuisance to the United States.  ",1
11949,Russia detains Norwegian citizen over suspected spying: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia has detained a Norwegian citizen it suspects of spying, the RIA news agency reported on Tuesday, citing a Moscow court which sanctioned the individual s detention. Media reports said Russia s FSB security service had caught the Norwegian taking secret documents about the Russian Navy from a Russian citizen.     ",1
11950,"U.S. trial of Turkish banker not legal, should be ended: Turkish minister","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish Justice Minister Abdulhamit Gul said on Tuesday he will tell his U.S. counterpart that the New York trial of a Turkish banker, charged with helping Iran evade U.S. sanctions, is not legal and should be ended. Gul told Turkish broadcaster 24 TV in an interview that it would be impossible to accept a verdict contrary to Turkey s interests in the case, which has strained ties between the NATO allies. ",1
11951,Japan to expand ballistic missile defense with ground-based Aegis batteries,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan formally decided on Tuesday it would expand its ballistic missile defense system with U.S.-made ground-based Aegis radar stations and interceptors in response to a growing threat from North Korean rockets. A proposal to build two Aegis Ashore batteries was approved by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s Cabinet. The sites without the missiles will likely cost at least $2 billion and are not likely to be operational until 2023 at the earliest, sources familiar with the plan told Reuters earlier.  North Korea s nuclear missile development poses a new level of threat to Japan and as we have done in the past we will ensure that we are able to defend ourselves with a drastic improvement in ballistic missile defense,  Japanese Minister of Defence Itsunori Onodera told reporters after the Cabinet meeting.  The decision to acquire the ground version of the Aegis missile-defense system, which is already deployed on Japanese warships, was widely expected. North Korea on Nov. 29 tested a new, more powerful ballistic missile that it says can hit major U.S. cities including Washington, and fly over Japan s current defense shield. That rocket reached an altitude of more than 4,000 km (2,485 miles), well above the range of interceptor missiles on Japanese ships operating in the Sea of Japan. North Korea says its weapons programs are necessary to counter U.S. aggression.  The new Aegis stations may not, however, come with a powerful radar, dubbed Spy-6, which is being developed by the United States.  Without it, Japan will not be able to fully utilize the extended range of a new interceptor missile, the SM-3 Block IIA, which cost about $30 million each.    A later upgrade, once the U.S. military has deployed Spy-6 on its ships around 2022, could prove a costly proposition for Japan as outlays on new equipment squeeze its military budget. Initial funding will be ring-fenced in the next defense budget beginning in April, but no decision has been made on the radar, or the overall cost, or schedule, of the deployment, a Ministry of Defence official said at a press briefing. Japan s military planners also evaluated the U.S.-built THAAD (Terminal High Altitude Area Defense) system before deciding on Aegis Ashore.  Separately, Minister of Defence Itsunori Onodera said this month Japan would acquire medium-range cruise missiles it can launch from its F-15 and F-35 fighters at sites in North Korea, in a bid to deter any attack.  The purchase of what will become the longest-range munitions in Japan s military arsenal is controversial because it renounced the right to wage war against other nations in its post-World War Two constitution. ",1
11952,Japan minister says agrees with South Korea that China's role vital on North Korea,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan and South Korea agreed on Tuesday on the importance of China s role in dealing with the threat from North Korea s nuclear and missile programs, Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono told reporters after meeting his South Korean counterpart. The two U.S. allies are seeking to boost cooperation over North Korea s nuclear and missile programs, despite lingering tension between them over the issue of  comfort women , a Japanese euphemism for women - many of them Korean - forced to work in Japanese military brothels before and during World War Two. Ties have been frozen over the issue, with South Korean President Moon Jae-in promising to renegotiate a 2015 pact signed with Japan that is unpopular in South Korea. ",1
11953,U.S. Navy chief says forces in Asia may be reinforced with warships from the eastern Pacific,"YOKOSUKA (Reuters) - The U.S. Navy s top officer on Tuesday said that vessels from eastern Pacific could be brought forward to reinforce U.S. naval power in Asia as Washington contends with increased threats in the region and accidents that have weakened its maritime force.  We will continue to assure that we meet all of our missions here in the Asia Pacific area. It could be something coming forward from Third Fleet or something like that to meet those requirements,  Chief of U.S. Naval Operations Admiral John Richardson said at a briefing aboard the USS Ronald Reagan carrier in Japan. He declined to say when or how many ships could be transferred. The growing threat posed by North Korea s ballistic missile and nuclear weapon advances coupled with operations to counter China s increasing military might in the South China Sea and other parts of Asia is putting an increased burden on the U.S. Seventh Fleet.  That added pressure on crews has been blamed for contributing to a series of accidents involving naval vessels this year including collisions by two destroyers with merchant ships that killed 17 U.S. sailors. In August the USS John S.McCain guided missile destroyer was struck by a merchant ship near Singapore, while its sister ship, the Fitzgerald, almost sank off the coast of Japan in June after colliding with a Philippine container ship.  Richardson spoke after U.S. President Donald Trump unveiled a new national security strategy based on his  America First  vision that singled out China and Russia as  revisionist powers.  For its part, China is attempting to revise the global status quo by its aggression in the South China Sea, a U.S. official said. Beijing is building military bases there on manmade islands in waters claimed by other nations.   One can only draw certain conclusion about what are the intentions of the Chinese with respect to those islands. We will respond as we have always done, which is that we are going to continue to be present down there,  Richardson said.  For now, he said, North Korea was the  most urgent  task for the U.S. Navy in Asia as it became  more and more capable  with every new missile test. The latest ballistic missile tested on Nov. 29 reached an altitude of more than 4,000 kilometers (2485.48 miles), giving it enough-range, Pyongyang claims, to hit major U.S. cities including Washington D.C.  Richardson said his task in 2018 is to build a navy  more lethal  and  dangerous  to potential U.S. foes.   There is a near unanimous consensus that we need more naval power than we have now,  he said. ",1
11954,Australian yachtsman dies after Philippine fishermen rescue three adrift for days,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine fishermen rescued three Australians adrift at sea for days after their yacht capsized in the country s south, but one died on the way to hospital, police said on Tuesday. Two fishermen picked up the Australians, who waved for help while clinging to a life buoy, about 50 miles (80 km) off a popular surfing town in Surigao province on Sunday. Police in the provincial capital of Tandag said the men had been in the water for several days after the holed yacht capsized near the southern island of Mindanao while sailing to Subic Bay.  Unfortunately, Anthony John Mahoney did not make it as he was already unconscious at the time of the rescue,  said police official Evelyn Tidula.  The Australian embassy in Manila is to help repatriate Mahoney s remains, while the other two are in stable condition in hospital. One of them has an address in the country s north. Police did not immediately explain how the yacht developed a hole. The Australian Maritime Safety Authority alerted Philippine rescue authorities after detecting a distress beacon on Thursday and Friday last week, the agency said in a statement.  The Philippine Coast Guard said it found the wreckage of the Sydney-registered yacht at a beach on the Dinagat islands in Leyte Gulf, hundreds of miles from where the Australians were picked up. ",1
11955,"Australian, American, Malaysian arrested in Indonesia's Bali for drugs","DENPASAR, Indonesia (Reuters) - Indonesian police have arrested an Australian, an American and a Malaysian on the holiday island of Bali for drugs offences, the latest foreigners to run afoul of some of the world s strictest laws against narcotics. The three men, who were arrested in separate cases, appeared before the media at a briefing, dressed in orange prison garb, their faces concealed by balaclava, with armed police officers standing guard. It was not immediately clear if any of the three, who were identified only by their initials, would face the death penalty if convicted. Authorities found methamphetamine and the party drug ecstasy hidden in a plastic bottle and another container in the luggage of the Australian after he arrived on a flight from Bangkok on Monday, the customs office said.  Based on the results of the inspection, our officers found five packages containing clear crystals weighing 19.97 grams and 14 tablets weighing a total of 6.22 grams,  Bali Airport customs office chief Himawan Indrajono said in the statement. Australia s Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade said it was  providing consular assistance to an Australian man detained in Bali  in response to emailed questions on the arrest. It declined to comment further.  The U.S. citizen was arrested at a Bali post office on Nov. 30 in connection with a package sent from the United States containing 336.6 grams of e-cigarette liquid containing THC, or tetrahydrocannabinol, the active ingredient in cannabis. The Malaysian was arrested on Nov. 8 after being found with 3.03 grams of leaves thought to be marijuana and 0.65 grams of a white powder suspected to be narcotics, Idrajono said. Possession of small amounts of drugs can incur lengthy jail sentences in Indonesia and larger amounts can result in a death sentence. The execution by firing squad of two Australians in 2015, along with six other drug convicts from several other countries, strained relations between Jakarta and Canberra. Indonesia says it is facing a drug crisis with an estimated  6.4 million drug users in the country of 250 million people, and needs to impose tough punishments to contained the problem. President Joko Widodo has called for a  merciless  crackdown on narcotics, and told law enforcers to shoot drug traffickers if they resisted arrest. That echoes a tough stand taken by Philippine leader Rodrigo Duterte who has ordered a war against drugs in which several thousand people have been killed since mid-2016.  ",1
11956,Australia's Turnbull goes rural in a cabinet reshuffle aimed at widening appeal,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull on Tuesday named a new attorney general and promoted two junior lawmakers from rural Queensland state to his cabinet in a reshuffle he hopes will bolster his flagging popularity. Australian leaders often revamp cabinets before the start of a new year but for center-right Turnbull the move is an attempt to salvage his leadership, ravaged by dismal opinion polls. Last month, Turnbull s ruling Liberal-National coalition made its worst showing in a Queensland election in more than a decade, when it won 34 percent of the vote as Pauline Hanson s populist One Nation clawed into its conservative base.  A large number of marginal seats in the country s third most populous state of Queensland often give its voters a crucial say in deciding federal elections. The reshuffle was sparked by the resignation of Attorney General George Brandis from the Senate. Turnbull said he would ask Brandis to be the country s next High Commissioner, or ambassador, to the United Kingdom. Turnbull gave cabinet positions to Queenslanders John McVeigh and David Littleproud, who both took office 18 months ago. He dropped infrastructure minister Darren Chester, from the urban state of Victoria, giving the portfolio to deputy prime minister Barnaby Joyce, the leader of the Nationals, which features prominently in Queensland.  It s a ministry that showcases the depth of the Liberal and National team, with well-earned promotions for talented individuals, a number of young and upcoming MPs bringing new skills and energy to the frontbench,  Turnbull told reporters in Sydney. Asked why he removed Chester, whose duties included running the Australian part of the fruitless search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, Turnbull said his cabinet had  to take into account matters of geography , but did not elaborate. The pitch to voters in the northeastern state of Queensland was obvious, said Stewart Jackson, a specialist in Australian politics at the University of Sydney.      Everybody s been spooked by One Nation,  Jackson said.  The emphasis will shift back towards Queensland where the National Party was traditionally strong.  The overhaul also brings youth into a government that has narrowly retained its razor-thin majority in parliament after a constitutional crisis triggered a series of by-elections. The two promoted Queenslanders, Littleproud and McVeigh, are 41 and 52 respectively. The new attorney general, social services minister Christian Porter, from the iron ore-rich state of Western Australia, is 47. Employment minister Michaelia Cash, who takes the expanded title of minister for jobs and innovation, and Nationals member Bridget McKenzie, who joins cabinet as minister for sport, rural health and regional communications, are also 47. Turnbull gave no reason for the departure of Brandis after 17 years, but called him a  stalwart  who had backed tougher national security laws and the legalization of same-sex marriage, a measure parliament passed this month. In 2015, when Turnbull unseated then prime minister Tony Abbott, he said the move was necessary because Abbott s government had lost 30 opinion polls in a row. Under Turnbull, the government has lost 25 opinion polls in a row. Many commentators say that if the figure reaches 30, which could happen as soon as March, Turnbull s party may consider removing him. ",1
11957,Argentina set to pass pension reform despite melee outside Congress,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Argentina s Congress was on track to pass a pension reform measure on Monday, even as stone-throwing protesters rushed police outside the capitol building and the country s main union called a 24-hour general strike in opposition to the proposal. President Mauricio Macri, elected in 2015 with a mandate to lift the heavy-handed currency and trade controls favored by his  predecessors, says Argentina needs pension reform to cut its  deficit, attract investment and promote sustainable growth. Debate on the bill was suspended on Thursday due to violent demonstrations. Macri then promised to decree a bonus payment to the neediest retirees. But that did nothing to satisfy the opposition and union activists who marched on Congress again on Monday as lawmakers debated the proposal inside. Balaclava-wearing protesters used sling shots to fire rocks at police, who answered with water canon and tear gas, turning the vast lawn in front of the capitol into a battleground.   This bill will put millions of retirees at risk. It changes the whole pension system,  Laura Rivas, a 34-year-old teacher told Reuters, standing back from the most violent protest areas.  We are going to have to work more years before we can retire, and then the pension payments we get will be minimal, so it hurts us as workers,  she added. Others closer to the front line shouted attacks on Macri, accusing him of balancing the budget on the backs of the poor. Scores of people were injured, including police officers, and  dozens were arrested, authorities said. Macri s Cambiemos, or  Let s Change , coalition does not have a majority in Congress. But it was expected to cobble together enough votes to approve the bill on Monday or Tuesday. The measure has already passed the Senate, leaving the lower House to give final legislative approval. Opposition lawmakers joined the protesters in dismissing the bonus sweetener.  It will be a one-time bonus payment made in March,  opposition lawmaker Agustin Rossi told reporters, adding that the overall bill remained inadequate to meet pensioners  needs. The 24-hour-long strike called by Argentina s main CGT labor group started at noon (1500 GMT), threatening to paralyze Tuesday morning commuter traffic.  The pension bill would change the formula used to calculate benefits. Payments would adjust every quarter based on inflation, rather than the current system of twice-yearly adjustments linked to wage hikes and tax revenue. Economists say the current formula means benefits go up in line with past inflation. Left unchanged, that could harm Macri s efforts to cut the deficit. Under the proposed formula, benefits would increase by 5 percentage points above inflation. The plan would take effect at a time of lower inflation expectations, hence slowing the pace of pension benefit increases. Macri is aiming to cut the fiscal deficit to 3.2 percent of gross domestic product next year from 4.2 percent this year, and  reduce inflation to between 8 percent and 12 percent from more than 20 percent this year. ",1
11958,Peru opposition wants vice president to govern if president ousted: lawmaker,"LIMA (Reuters) - A leading Peruvian opposition lawmaker on Monday called for the country s Vice President Martin Vizcarra to govern the country if Congress ousts President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski over graft allegations he denies. Enough political parties have committed to backing a motion to oust Kuczynski in a scheduled vote in the opposition-run Congress on Thursday. Kuczynski has repeatedly said there was nothing improper about recently disclosed business ties that he once denied having with Odebrecht [ODBES.UL], a Brazilian builder at the center of Latin America s biggest corruption scandal.     If Kuczynski does depart, Vizcarra would be authorized to carry out the rest of Kuczynski s scheduled 2016-2021 term. Congresswoman Luz Salgado denied her party, Popular Force, which has a majority in Peru s single-chamber Congress, would seek to topple Vizcarra as charged by opponents.  If he (Vizcarra) does his job well and assumes the role that history if offering to him, he ll have our corresponding support,  said Salgado, a key leader in the party.  We re thinking about what s best for the country. We re not trying to find fault in anyone.  Kuczynski and Vizcarra s offices declined requests for comment. No major policy changes are expected if Kuczynski were replaced by Vizcarra, a former governor of a copper-rich Andean region and Peru s current ambassador to Canada.  But the political crisis has spooked investors in one of Latin America s most stable economies.  It s going to have an important impact on the economy. Investments are going to be delayed,  said Carlos Galvez, the chief financial officer of Peruvian miner Buenaventura. A 79-year-old former Wall Street banker, Kuczynski was part of a rightward shift in South American politics when he was elected last year. His fight for survival underscores the risks facing political leaders with long business resumes as graft scandals roil the region. Kuczynski has described Popular Force s efforts to unseat him as an authoritarian attack on institutions, and criticized  the party for not giving him more time to defend himself.  We look like a banana republic. Without a proper procedure, Congress is just usurping the presidency,  Housing Minister Carlos Bruce told journalists on Monday. Popular Force said it only hopes to uproot corruption and was acting within the bounds of the constitution. The party emerged from the right-wing movement started by the country s former authoritarian president Alberto Fujimori, who is now in prison for graft and human rights crimes. It is now led by Kuczynski s defeated electoral rival Keiko Fujimori. New elections, which would be the worst-case scenario for investors, would only be called if both Vizcarra and Second Vice President Mercedes Araoz leave office before 2021, a scenario Araoz ruled out in an interview with Reuters on Sunday. ",1
11959,Lights back on in Venezuela after five-hour blackout,"CARACAS (Reuters) - A power outage hit parts of the Venezuelan capital Caracas as well as the nearby states of Miranda and Vargas for around five hours on Monday, in what critics said was another sign of the oil-rich nation s economic meltdown. Authorities blamed the outage, which began around noon (1600 GMT), on the collapse of an important cable linking a power plant and a transmission tower. The fault affected some phone lines, parts of the Caracas metro, and the main Maiquetia airport just outside the capital. Many workers had no choice but to walk home, shops and restaurants closed, and Venezuelans grumbled that another day was disrupted by tumult. The country is already grappling with the world s fastest inflation, rising malnutrition, and disease as the state-led economic system grinds to a halt.  Venezuela has fallen apart,  said David Garcia, 38, as he queued for a hotdog at a stand in the wealthier Chacao neighborhood. He had spent two hours looking for an open restaurant because he could not cook at home. Venezuela has in recent years suffered frequent blackouts that critics attribute to insufficient investment following the 2007 nationalization of the electricity sector.  This is a symptom of a country collapsing due to the negligence of those in power,  tweeted opposition lawmaker Tom s Guanipa. The government has in some cases attributed the blackouts to sabotage or accused critics of exaggerating problems. Energy minister Luis Motta on Monday tweeted articles on a recent power outage at Atlanta airport in the U.S. state of Georgia, adding:  It happens there too.  He did not provide details on the magnitude and effects of Monday s blackout. Shopkeepers complained that the outage had hurt business.  It s a lost day,  said Armindo Gomes, 24, whose Portuguese family runs two bakeries, as he pointed at dough, cheese and meat that should have been refrigerated. ",1
11960,Activist investor files Chevron proxy resolution on Myanmar rights concerns,"HOUSTON (Reuters) - An activist investor in Chevron Corp said on Monday it filed a shareholder resolution that would require the oil producer to report on the feasibility of ending operations in Myanmar, where a crackdown on minority Rohingya Muslims has been decried by the United States as  ethnic cleansing.  The resolution, filed last week by Islamic finance firm Azzad Asset Management, pushes Chevron s board of directors to consider how it could avoid risks  posed by doing business with governments complicit in genocide or crimes against humanity.  Azzad filed a similar resolution at the last Chevron shareholder meeting, garnering support from 6 percent of votes cast. More than 600,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled to southern Bangladesh since the end of August following a campaign by Myanmar security forces in response to attacks by militants in Rakhine State. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and United Nations officials have decried the crackdown as a form of genocide.    Myanmar denies committing atrocities against the Rohingya.  Chevron, the second-largest U.S.-based oil producer, does business in Myanmar through a subsidiary, Unocal Myanmar Offshore Co Ltd. It has projects that include a minority interest in natural gas production and a pipeline, according to the company s website. In a statement to Reuters on Monday, Chevron spokeswoman Melissa Ritchie said the company  values the ongoing dialogue with the stockholders on this critical issue of violence in Rakhine State, Myanmar.  We will continue to work with other U.S. companies and the government to promote the value of U.S. investment in Myanmar and the need to foster a business environment that respects human rights.  Chevron has the option of accepting the proposal or asking the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission to allow it to block it. If Chevron moves to block, Azzad would have the chance to appeal to the SEC. Chevron s annual meeting is slated for next spring.    The filing comes as two Reuters journalists were arrested by Myanmar officials last week. Government officials accuse the pair of violating the country s colonial-era Officials Secrets Act. The arrests have been criticized by several governments as well as journalists  and human rights groups. Chevron declined to directly comment on the arrests. ",1
11961,"Pence delays trip to Egypt, Israel because of U.S. tax vote","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Mike Pence is postponing his trip to Egypt and Israel this week in order to stay in Washington for a congressional vote on President Donald Trump s tax overhaul plan, White House officials said on Monday. Pence had been scheduled to depart on Tuesday night for Cairo. Instead, the trip will be rescheduled for the week of Jan. 14, officials told reporters.  The vice president is committed to seeing the tax cut through to the finish line,  said Alyssa Farah, a spokeswoman for Pence.  The vice president looks forward to traveling to Egypt and Israel in January.  Pence has been a key figure in the Republican effort to overhaul U.S. tax law. He could provide a tie-breaking vote in the Senate if needed, though on Monday it looked like bill has enough votes among Senate Republicans to pass. Pence was to have spent three days in the region with stops in Cairo and Jerusalem, the first high-level official to visit after Trump reversed decades of U.S. policy and recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. That decision led to uproar and protest in the region. The status of Jerusalem, which holds Muslim, Jewish and Christian holy sites, is one of the thorniest obstacles to a peace deal between Israel and the Palestinians, who were furious over Trump s move and have declined to meet with Pence. The international community does not recognize Israeli sovereignty over the full city. White House officials said the delay was not related to the reaction in the region to Trump s decision.  Two Senate Republican holdouts agreed on Monday to support the tax package. Republicans hold a 52-48 majority in the body.  The tax vote is still in very good shape, but we don t want to take any chances,  a White House official said, adding there were  several difference scenarios  in which Pence might be needed.  The timing of the vote made the trip tricky.  The House of Representatives was due to vote first at around 1:30 p.m. (1830 GMT) on Tuesday, according to Republican aides, while the Senate vote is expected to follow either later on Tuesday or on Wednesday. White House officials determined that if Pence could not leave for his trip by Tuesday evening, it would have pushed his meeting with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi on Wednesday to a very late hour and left little time to hold meetings with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and others in Israel before Friday at sunset, when Shabbat, the Jewish Sabbath, begins.  We ran into time constraints to get it all done before Shabbat,  the official said. Even with the postponement to January, the trip will be overshadowed by Trump s decision on Jerusalem.  Israel considers Jerusalem its eternal capital, while Palestinians want the capital of an independent state of theirs to be in the city s eastern sector, which Israel captured in the 1967 Middle East war and annexed in a move never recognized internationally. Pence, an evangelical Christian who planned to highlight the plight of Christian minorities during his trip, was not scheduled to meet with Palestinian Christians or with officials from the Coptic Christian church, who declined a meeting in response to the U.S. move. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas also refused a meeting with Pence.  ",1
11962,Lebanon detains Uber driver suspected of murdering British embassy worker: security official,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - A Lebanese taxi driver with a previous arrest for drug use has confessed to killing a British woman who worked at the British Embassy in Beirut, a senior Lebanese security official said on Monday. A second security source said preliminary investigations into the murder of Rebecca Dykes showed the motive was purely criminal, not political. The suspect, who worked for the Uber [UBER.UL] taxi service, had immediately confessed to the crime, which took place early on Saturday, the source said. The senior security official said the suspect was 41 years old and had been arrested on drug-related charges in the period 2015-17, which the official said might not show up on his judicial record. The second security source said the suspect had a criminal record but gave no details.  Lebanon s state news agency NNA identified the suspect by the first name Tariq and the initial H, and said he had picked Dykes up in his taxi in Beirut s Gemmayzeh district on Friday evening before assaulting and killing her. Uber declined to confirm the suspect s name or how long he had been driving for the service.  The incident was the latest to highlight the issue of safety at Uber in various countries around the world.  We are horrified by this senseless act of violence. Our hearts are with the victim and her family,  said Uber spokesman Harry Porter.  We are working with authorities to assist their investigation in any way we can.   Porter said the company uses commercially licensed taxi drivers in Lebanon, and the government carries out background checks and grants licenses.  Only drivers that have clean background checks and clean judicial records are licensed, he said. The suspect s background check did not show any convictions, or he would not have been licensed, Porter said. Police traced the suspect s car through highway surveillance cameras, they said. Police only said they had arrested a suspect and that it was not a political crime. Dykes, who was strangled, was found by a main highway outside Beirut, a security source said on Sunday. She worked at the British Embassy for the Department for International Development.   The whole embassy is deeply shocked, saddened by this news,  Britain s ambassador to Lebanon, Hugo Shorter, said on Sunday.  We are devastated by the loss of our beloved Rebecca,  Dykes  family said in a statement. We are doing all we can to understand what happened.  In September, San Francisco-based Uber was stripped of its operating license in London over concerns about its approach to reporting serious criminal offences and background checks on drivers.  In India, the company was sued twice by a woman who was raped in 2014 by an Uber driver, first for failing to maintain basic safety procedures and again alleging executives improperly obtained her medical records. The Uber driver was convicted of the rape and sentenced in 2015 to life in prison. Uber settled the first lawsuit and has agreed to settle the second. In Brazil, a company policy of accepting cash payments for rides made drivers the target of robbery and murder. Following a Reuters investigation, Uber in February rolled out new safety requirements, including requiring new cash users to register with a social security number. And in Houston, Texas, a 2016 city investigation found that Uber s background checks were so insufficient the company cleared drivers with criminal histories including murder, assault and 17 other crimes. Uber is facing a host of problems, including allegations of sexual harassment, data privacy violations and a lawsuit and criminal investigation over alleged trade-secrets theft. New Chief Executive Officer Dara Khosrowshahi, who replaced co-founder Travis Kalanick in August, has been critical of past practices and vowed a new era of compliance. The company is in the midst of a stock sale in which Softbank Group will take a stake in the company ahead of an anticipated 2019 initial public offering.   ",1
11963,Turkey frees German journalist Tolu but she cannot leave country:  Berlin government,"ISTANBUL/BERLIN (Reuters) - Turkey has released German journalist Mesale Tolu after nearly eight months in prison on the condition that she does not leave the country, German government officials said on Monday. Ankara has charged Tolu with being a member of a terrorist organization and publishing terrorist propaganda following a failed military coup in July 2016.  Her husband, Suat Corlu, a journalist who had been detained earlier, was released last month. Both continue to face charges in Turkey. Chancellor Angela Merkel welcomed the news with reservations, given curbs on Tolu s ability to travel.  Regarding Ms Tolu, it is good news given that she will be freed, but not completely so, because she can t leave the country and the trial continues,  Merkel told reporters. Tolu s father, Ali Riza Tolu, was jubilant outside the courthouse, but said Ankara had  stolen  nearly a year of his daughter s life and there was no proof of any wrongdoing.  My daughter is free,  he said.  We are now a happy family.  The decision to release Tolu came two weeks after German federal prosecutors dropped an investigation against a dozen Muslim clerics sent from Turkey who had been suspected of spying in Germany on behalf of the Turkish government. German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel told broadcaster ARD that Turkey seemed to be gradually making some limited progress in terms of the rule of law but the German government still had many concerns such as about human rights and press freedom. He said Berlin and Ankara, between whom ties have been strained of late, were trying to find ways to deal with their disputes appropriately and that was proving tough but:  Small steps are better than none . Merkel s spokesman Steffen Seibert said Berlin would continue to press for the release of German-Turkish journalist Deniz Yucel. Germany has urged Ankara to release Yucel, Tolu and other journalists detained after the abortive coup in July 2016, saying their detentions are unfounded and political. Including Tolu, Ankara is preventing a total of 28 German citizens from leaving the country, she said. Tolu was first detained on April 30. German Green party co-leader Cem Ozdemir, who is of Turkish descent, welcomed the news, but said it did little to change the  miserable state of the rule of law in Turkey .  I demand that the Turkish government release all political prisoners and immediately allow German citizens like Mesale Tolu to leave the country,  Ozdemir said in a statement. Heike Haensel, a member of Germany s far-left Left party who attended Tolu s hearing in Istanbul, said on Twitter that Tolu was required to check in with Turkish authorities every Monday.  I would say it is a second-class release,  Haensel told Reuters TV.  Germany s mainstream parties have been outspoken critics of Turkey s security crackdown since the abortive military coup. Tens of thousands of Turks have been jailed since then, including around a dozen who hold German citizenship. Germany is home to some 3 million people of Turkish heritage. Turkey has criticized Berlin for not handing over asylum seekers it accuses of involvement in the would-be coup.  Ankara has blamed U.S.-based cleric Fetullah Gulen for masterminding the failed coup. Gulen denies any involvement. ",1
11964,'Nearly man' Ramaphosa edges closer to South Africa's top job,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - The nearly man of South African politics, deputy president Cyril Ramaphosa, took a big step towards the top job on Monday when he was elected by a whisker as head of the ruling African National Congress (ANC). Ramaphosa s ability has been apparent for decades. Whenever Nelson Mandela needed a breakthrough in talks to end apartheid, he turned to the then-trade union leader with a reputation as a tenacious negotiator. Using skills honed in pay disputes with mining bosses, Ramaphosa steered those talks to a successful conclusion, allowing Mandela to sweep to power in 1994 as head of the victorious ANC after South Africa s first democratic vote. Mandela wanted Ramaphosa to be his heir but was pressured into picking Thabo Mbeki by a group of ANC leaders who had fought apartheid from exile. It has taken more than two decades for Ramaphosa to get another chance to run the country. Monday s party vote, which handed him victory by less than 200 of nearly 5,000 ballots, puts that goal firmly within the 65-year-old s grasp. The rand surged as much as 4 percent, suggesting approval of the business community.  Ramaphosa s ambition for the presidency has been clear through his whole adult life. He was quite clearly wounded by his materialization in the Mbeki period,  said Anthony Butler, a politics professor who has written a biography of Ramaphosa. The choice of Ramaphosa over his main rival for the ANC s top job, former cabinet minister Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, is likely to chart a reformist course for South Africa, which has lost its lustre under President Jacob Zuma.  A lawyer with an easygoing manner, Ramaphosa has vowed to fight corruption and revitalize an economy that has slowed to a near-standstill under Zuma s scandal-plagued leadership. His message went down well with foreign investors and ANC members who thought Zuma s handling of the economy could cost the party dearly in 2019 parliamentary elections. Dlamini-Zuma promised a radical brand of wealth redistribution popular with poorer ANC voters who are angry at racial inequality.  While Ramaphosa has backed calls for  radical economic transformation , an ANC plan to tackle inequality, he tends to couch his policy pronouncements in more cautious terms. Unlike Zuma or Dlamini-Zuma, Ramaphosa was not driven into exile for opposing apartheid, which some of the party s more hardline members hold against him. He fought the injustices of white minority rule from within South Africa, most prominently by defending the rights of black miners as leader of the National Union of Mineworkers (NUM). A member of the relatively small Venda ethnic group, Ramaphosa was able to overcome divisions that sometimes constrained members of the larger Zulu and Xhosa groups. A massive miners  strike led by Ramaphosa s NUM in 1987 taught business that  Cyril was a force to be reckoned with,  said Michael Spicer, a former executive at Anglo American.  He has a shrewd understanding of men and power and knows how to get what he wants from a situation,  Spicer said. The importance of Ramaphosa s contribution to the talks to end apartheid is such that commentators have referred to them in two distinct stages: BC and AC, Before Cyril and After Cyril.  Ramaphosa also played an important role in the drafting of South Africa s post-apartheid constitution.  After missing out on becoming Mandela s deputy, Ramaphosa withdrew from active political life, switching focus to business. His investment vehicle Shanduka - Venda for  change  - grew rapidly and acquired stakes in mining firms, mobile operator MTN (MTNJ.J) and McDonald s South African franchise. Phuti Mahanyele, a former chief executive at Shanduka, recalled that Ramaphosa was a passionate leader who required staff to contribute to charitable projects aimed at improving access to education for the underprivileged. By the time Ramaphosa sold out of Shanduka in 2014, the firm was worth more than 8 billion rand ($584 million in today s money), making Ramaphosa one of South Africa s 20 richest people. To his supporters, Ramaphosa s business success makes him well-suited to the task of turning around an economy grappling with 28 percent unemployment and credit rating downgrades. In the Johannesburg township of Soweto last month, Ramaphosa called for a  new deal  between business and government to spur economic growth. Pravin Gordhan, a respected former finance minister, told Reuters that if Ramaphosa was elected ANC leader,  the whole narrative about South Africa s economy would change for the better within three months . But Ramaphosa has his detractors too. He was a non-executive director at Lonmin (LMI.L) (LONJ.J) when negotiations to halt a violent wildcat strike at its Marikana platinum mine in 2012 ended in police shooting 34 strikers dead.    An inquiry subsequently absolved Ramaphosa of guilt. But some families of the victims still blame him for urging the authorities to intervene.   My conscience is that I participated in trying to stop further deaths from happening,  Ramaphosa said about the deaths.    Others are unconvinced that Ramaphosa, who has been deputy president since 2014, will be as tough on corruption as his campaign rhetoric suggests. Bantu Holomisa, an opposition politician and former ANC member who worked closely with him in the 1990s, said he was by nature cautious.  Cyril has been part of the machinery and has not acted on corruption so far,  Holomisa said.  It is not clear whether he will if he gets elected.   ($1 = 13.6947 rand) ",1
11965,U.S. vetoes U.N. call for withdrawal of Trump Jerusalem decision,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United States was further isolated on Monday over President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital when it blocked a United Nations Security Council call for the declaration to be withdrawn. The remaining 14 council members voted in favor of the Egyptian-drafted resolution, which did not specifically mention the United States or Trump but which expressed  deep regret at recent decisions concerning the status of Jerusalem.   What we witnessed here in the Security Council is an insult. It won t be forgotten,  U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said after the vote, adding that it was the first veto cast by the United States in more than six years.  The fact that this veto is being done in defense of American sovereignty and in defense of America s role in the Middle East peace process is not a source of embarrassment for us; it should be an embarrassment to the remainder of the Security Council,  Haley said. The U.N. draft resolution affirmed  that any decisions and actions which purport to have altered the character, status or demographic composition of the Holy City of Jerusalem have no legal effect, are null and void and must be rescinded in compliance with relevant resolutions of the Security Council.  Trump abruptly reversed decades of U.S. policy this month when he recognized Jerusalem as Israel s capital, generating outrage from Palestinians and the Arab world and concern among Washington s western allies.  In the wake of the decision of the United States ... the situation has become more tense with an increase in incidents, notably rockets fired from Gaza and clashes between Palestinians and Israeli security forces,  U.N. Middle East peace envoy Nickolay Mladenov told the Security Council ahead of the vote. Trump also plans to move the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv. The draft U.N. resolution had called upon all countries to refrain from establishing diplomatic missions in Jerusalem. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thanked Haley and Trump for the veto in a video clip posted on his Facebook page.   Israel considers Jerusalem its eternal and indivisible capital and wants all embassies based there. Palestinians want the capital of an independent Palestinian state to be in the city s eastern sector, which Israel captured in a 1967 war and annexed in a move never recognized internationally. Following the U.S. veto, Egypt s Foreign Ministry said Arab states, which had agreed earlier this month to seek a Security Council resolution, would meet to evaluate the situation to determine what their next steps might be. Palestinian Foreign Minister Riyad al-Maliki said the Palestinians would seek a rare emergency special session of the 193-member U.N. General Assembly on Trump s decision. Under a 1950 resolution, an emergency special session can be called for the General Assembly to consider a matter  with a view to making appropriate recommendations to members for collective measures  if the Security Council fails to act. Only 10 such sessions have been convened, and the last time the General Assembly met in such a session was in 2009 on Israeli actions in occupied Palestinian territories. Any outcome of such a session is non-binding, but carries political weight. ",1
11966,Turkey says regrets to see veto of U.N. resolution on Jerusalem,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey regrets the vetoing by the United States on Monday of a U.N. Security Council resolution that called for the U.S. declaration of Jerusalem as Israel s capital to be withdrawn, the Turkish foreign ministry said.  The United States was further isolated over President Donald Trump s decision when it blocked a United Nations Security Council call for the declaration to be withdrawn despite the other 14 members voting in favor of it.  The United States being left alone in the vote is a concrete sign of the illegality of its decision on Jerusalem,  the Turkish foreign ministry said in a statement. It said the U.S. decision to veto the resolution showed once again that Washington had  lost objectivity  and that it was unacceptable for the Security Council to be left  ineffective  with such a move. Later on Monday, Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan and British Prime Minister Theresa May discussed the blocking of the resolution in a phone call, and agreed that new tensions that could endanger the peace process in the region should be avoided, sources in Erdogan s office said. Erdogan has taken a leading position in opposing the U.S. move to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital, hosting representatives from more than 50 Muslim countries, including U.S. allies, in Istanbul last week for a summit in response. A communique issued after the summit said the participants considered the move to be a declaration that Washington was withdrawing from its role  as sponsor of peace  in the Middle East. Trump s decision broke with decades of U.S. policy and international consensus that Jerusalem s status must be left to Israeli-Palestinian talks, leading to harsh criticisms from Muslim countries and Israel s closest European allies, who have also rejected the move. Jerusalem, revered by Jews, Christians and Muslims alike, is home to Islam s third-holiest site and has been at the heart of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict for decades. Israel captured Arab East Jerusalem in 1967 and later annexed it in an action not recognized internationally. Following the U.S. block on the U.N. resolution, a spokesman for Erdogan said that the annulment of Trump s decision would be sought in the U.N. General Assembly.  All countries except for the Trump administration acted in unison in this vote. Now the UN General Assembly period will start,  Ibrahim Kalin said on Twitter. ",1
11967,Brazil's Meirelles to gauge odds before opting to run for President,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazilian Finance Minister Henrique Meirelles said on Monday he would consider his chances of winning before deciding whether to run as a candidate in next year s presidential elections. Meirelles, who has spearheaded President Michel Temer s unpopular reform platform, has polled in low single digits in recent surveys. Still, he said current polls do not give a realistic picture of what would happen once the campaign debate unfolds. ",1
11968,Brazil tries to avert credit downgrade as pension reform doubts grow,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazil s Finance Minister Henrique Meirelles will speak to major credit rating agencies on Thursday as the government scrambles to avoid a sovereign debt downgrade due to growing doubts that its proposed pension reform can rein in surging public debt. A vote on the unpopular bill to overhaul the social security system, seen as vital to closing the fiscal deficit, has been delayed to 2018 after failing to muster support in Congress. Lawmakers have warned that handling the hot-button issue ahead of next year s elections would reduce the chances of approval. Meirelles said in a radio interview he will tell rating agencies the delay until February does not mean pension reform will not be approved. He told Radio Estad o it would be  reasonable  for the agencies to wait until the bill is voted on before deciding on a potential downgrade. Lower house Speaker Rodrigo Maia on Monday said pension reform would be hard to approve if the bill is not passed by February. The first vote was put off last week and scheduled for Feb. 19 after the Christmas-to-Carnival holiday recess. Maia told a news conference there is room to discuss a longer transition period for public sector employees, to include those who started working before 2003. While this would add to future pension costs, Maia said the government will refuse to give up one more penny in fiscal savings. The current version of the bill would save 480 billion reais ($146 billion) over 10 years, according to government estimates, down from 800 billion reais in the original proposal, before concessions were made to try to win passage. Brazil s bloated pension system, which is especially generous for public sector employees, is the main cause of a huge budget deficit that cost Latin America s largest nation its prized investment-grade credit rating two years ago. The finance ministry said Meirelles will hold conference calls with rating agency representatives on Thursday. Investors fear that failure to streamline social security could weaken Brazil s recovery from a deep economic downturn, forcing the central bank to raise interest rates from an all-time low and triggering new sovereign rating downgrades in 2018. Last week, Moody s Investors Service calling the delay in voting on the pension bill  credit negative .  This raises the possibility that the reform will not be approved next year, given political uncertainty surrounding the presidential elections,  Moody s said in a note to clients. ",1
11969,Zimbabwe military chief looks set for vice presidency,"HARARE (Reuters) - The head of Zimbabwe s military looks set to be appointed vice president as the government said on Monday he would retire pending  redeployment  in what is seen as a reward for leading a de facto coup last month that ended Robert Mugabe s 37-year rule and brought Emmerson Mnangagwa to power. Mnangagwa has said he will fill the two vice presidential posts in the next few days and Constantino Chiwenga is the top contender in a reflection of the army s consolidation of power since it turned against the 93-year-old Mugabe. Mnangagwa has appointed several senior military officers to his cabinet and the ruling party s executive Politburo since he was sworn in as president on Nov. 24. Army Commander Phillip Sibanda will succeed Chiwenga as defense forces chief, a government statement said.  The appointment of Chiwenga..., which I think is inevitable, will be a confirmation that the military is a salient factor in the politics of the country,  said Eldred Masunungure, a political analyst at the University of Zimbabwe.   It has always exercised its influence in a covert manner but now it s quite overt and this will further consolidate that coalition between the military and the ruling political elite.  Mnangagwa appointed Major General Edzai Chimonyo, Zimbabwe s ambassador to Tanzania, to succeed Sibanda as army commander and promoted a number of other senior army officers to major general. The government also announced the retirement of police chief Augustine Chihuri, an unpopular Mugabe loyalist who it said has been on leave since Dec. 15. Chihuri was accused by rights groups of presiding over crackdowns on dissent and popular protest in the 18 months before Mugabe was overthrown. Zimbabwe s economy collapsed in the latter half of Mugabe s rule, especially after violent farm seizures of thousands of white-owned commercial farms.  Monday s announcements came hours after army chiefs declared an end to their military intervention and handed back policing to civilian police.  Normalcy has now returned to our country. It is for this reason that ... we announce the end of Operation Restore Legacy today,  army chief Sibanda said, referring to the name of the intervention which the army said targeted criminals in Mugabe and his wife Grace s entourage. Civic groups have been urging the soldiers to leave the streets since  Mnangagwa was sworn in to replace Mugabe as president of the southern African country on Nov. 24. Mnangagwa is under pressure to revive the economy ahead of elections due next year which he said last Friday may be held sooner than expected. The elections are due by July 2018 but some say they may be as early as March. ",1
11970,"UK sees growing threat from Russian propaganda, cyber-attacks","LONDON (Reuters) - Russia poses an increasing threat and is willing to use propaganda, subversion and cyber-attacks to undermine Britain and the rest of Europe, Britain s national security adviser said on Monday. Mark Sedwill, who is overseeing a review of Britain s security services, told a parliamentary committee that Russia is attempting to  sow dissension  and undermine democracy in Britain and other western nations.  He said the threats from Russia included from unconventional warfare such as disinformation campaigns to the dangers posed from an increase in its military capability in the North Atlantic and in Eastern Europe.   We know that the Russian threat is definitely intensifying and diversifying,  Sedwill said.  The Russian attitude has worsened more generally towards the West and that seems set to continue.  Britain has been more vocal in recent weeks about the threat posed by Russia at a time when there is growing concern among some members of the ruling Conservative party about the impact of cuts to defense spending. Prime Minister Theresa May last month in her most outspoken attack on Russia accused the country of meddling in elections and planting fake stories in the media.  The head of Britain s armed forces said last week trade and the internet are at risk of damage from any Russian attack on underwater communications cables that could disrupt trillions of dollars in financial transactions.  Sedwill accused Russia of planting fake stories in the media about the conduct of soldiers in Eastern Europe, where NATO troops are based to undermine the legitimacy of them being there.  He also accused Russia of meddling in the recent French elections even though he said this had no chance of changing the outcome of the vote.  It clearly was designed to undermine the citizen s trust in their systems and we see quite a lot elsewhere,  he said.  ",1
11971,"Tillerson, Canadian counterpart to discuss border security, other issues","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will meet Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland on Tuesday to discuss border security and other issues, the U.S. Department of State said in a statement.  The two will meet in Ottawa to  discuss U.S.-Canadian coordination on a range of global and regional topics,  the statement said. A senior State Department official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Tillerson and Freeland will confer on North Korea, Ukraine and Venezuela among other issues. Canada and the United States plan to co-host an international meeting on North Korea in Vancouver in January.  Pyongyang has continued to test nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles in violation of U.N. Security Council resolutions. The meeting is designed to produce  better ideas  to ease tensions over North Korea s tests, Canadian officials have said. The two ministers also are likely to discuss U.S. President Donald Trump s demand for revisions to the North American Free Trade Agreement between the United States, Canada and Mexico. ",1
11972,Trump: U.S. has 'no choice' but to deal with North Korea arms challenge,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump unveiled a new national security strategy on Monday, calling for Pakistan to take decisive action against terrorism and saying Washington had to deal with the challenge posed by North Korea s weapons programs. In a wide-ranging speech, Trump said his security strategy for the first time addresses economic security and would include a complete rebuilding of U.S. infrastructure as well as a wall along the southern U.S. border. Trump said the United States wanted Pakistan to take decisive action to help fight extremism, and that Washington had  no choice  but to deal with the challenge posed by North Korea s nuclear and missile programs. Trump said the security strategy would also end mandatory defense spending limits, frequently called  sequester,  but did not mention if he had consulted with members of Congress about a possible bill to end the caps established in 2013 budget legislation.  We recognize that weakness is the surest path to conflict and unrivaled power is the most certain means of defense. For this reason, our security strategy breaks from damaging defense sequester,  Trump said.  We re going to get rid of that.  ",1
11973,United States calls for delivery of U.N. aid shipments to Yemen,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is pressing for the delivery of World Food Program shipments to Yemen and the installation of new cranes at a key port amid a conflict in the nation that has killed or wounded more than 60,000 people, the State Department said on Monday.  John Sullivan, the U.S. deputy secretary of state, discussed Yemen with the leaders of international organizations on Friday and underscored that Washington was pressing for restoration of full humanitarian and commercial access to Yemen, the department said. Sullivan told the leaders the United States was calling for  the delivery of World Food Program shipments that have not reached Hudaydah since late November, and the installation of new cranes at Hudaydah port,  it said in a statement. ",1
11974,Cameroon separatists kill four gendarmes as Anglophone crisis worsens,"YAOUNDE (Reuters) - Militants seeking independence for Cameroon s English-speaking regions killed four gendarmes on Monday, the government said, as disputes with the Francophone-dominated government degenerate into open warfare.   Several separatists were killed by security forces in ensuing clashes, the government spokesman said. Repression by President Paul Biya s government against what began as peaceful protests a year ago by Anglophone activists over perceived social and economic marginalization has bolstered support for armed militants demanding a full break with Yaounde. The separatists have launched a series of deadly raids on government police and soldiers in recent weeks, leading authorities to escalate a crackdown that has killed dozens of civilians. Issa Tchiroma Bakary, Cameroon s government spokesman, said  the separatists had killed four gendarmes earlier on Monday in the town of Kembong in Southwest region s Manyu Division.  The assailants, ensnared by the measures put in place by our defense and security forces, are now reduced to sporadic attacks carried out by hidden faces and using perfidy,  Tchiroma said. A representative for the separatists could not be immediately reached for comment. Manyu, with its dense equatorial forests along the Nigerian border, has become the center of the insurgency from which the separatists have launched a series of attacks on security forces in villages. The violence there has fueled a mounting refugee crisis. At least 7,500 people have crossed into Nigeria since Oct. 1, when the secessionists declared an independent state called Ambazonia, and the U.N. refugee agency says it is bracing itself for as many as 40,000.    Cameroon s linguistic divide harks back to the end of World War One, when the German colony of Kamerun was carved up between allied French and British victors. The English-speaking regions joined the French-speaking Republic of Cameroon the year after its independence in 1960. French speakers have dominated the country s politics since. Tensions have long simmered but the recent violence is the most serious to date and has emerged as a serious challenge to Biya s 35-year rule. The 84-year-old is expected to seek a new  term in an election next year. ",1
11975,Eurosceptics baulk as May pitches status quo Brexit transition,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May told parliament her plan on Monday for a Brexit transition period with broadly the same access to European Union markets but was met with scepticism from pro-Brexit lawmakers fearful of a watered-down EU exit. May secured an agreement with EU leaders last week to move previously-deadlocked talks forward onto the topic of interim and long-term trading arrangements. On Monday, she reported back to parliament on those talks, setting out the framework of a roughly two-year implementation period designed to smooth Britain s EU exit and provide clarity for businesses and citizens.   This will help give certainty to employers and families that we are going to deliver a smooth Brexit,  May said. She added that negotiating guidelines agreed last week point to a shared desire with the EU to make  rapid progress  on a deal. The outline of the transition period that May presented is consistent with plans she has previously set out and largely in line with what Brussels wants, but remains subject to negotiation.  During this strictly time-limited implementation period which we will now begin to negotiate, we would not be in the single market or the customs union, as we will have left the European Union,  May said.   But we would propose that our access to one another s markets would continue as now, while we prepare and implement the new processes and new systems that will underpin our future partnership.  May said during the interim period, Britain wants to begin registering the arrival of EU citizens in the country in preparation for a new immigration system, and would hope to agree, and even sign, trade deals with non-EU states. But the plan was not universally accepted by lawmakers in May s Conservative Party, which is deeply divided over the best route out of the bloc. Jacob Rees-Mogg, one of several pro-Brexit Conservatives to express concern, called on May to reject the EU s negotiating guidelines because they would make Britain  no more than a vassal state, a colony, a serf of the European Union.    May is reliant on the backing of all members of her party to put her Brexit plans into action, having lost her parliamentary majority in an ill-judged snap election earlier this year which left her needing the support of a small Northern Irish party.   Last week May s fragility was exposed by the rebellion of 11 largely pro-European Conservative lawmakers in a parliamentary vote on Brexit legislation that led to an embarrassing defeat. The rebels have since drawn harsh criticism from some party members, and received threats of violence online.  We are dealing with questions of great significance to our country s future, so it is natural that there are many strongly held views on all sides of this chamber,  May said.   But there can never be a place for the threats of violence and intimidation against some members that we have seen in recent days.  Earlier on Monday, May met key ministers to discuss the even thornier issue of what the country s long-term relationship with the EU should be - the first time since the June 2016 vote to leave that she has broached the topic with cabinet members. A full cabinet discussion on the so-called  end state  of the Brexit talks is then due on Tuesday. ",1
11976,Shots fired by U.S. military personnel to stop man forcing entry onto British base,"MILDENHALL, England (Reuters) - U.S. military personnel fired shots on Monday as they stopped a man who tried to force his way into a British military base used by the U.S. Air Force, in an incident that police said was not being treated as terrorism. The Mildenhall Royal Air Force base said security staff locked down the base, used by the United States military to refuel U.S. and NATO aircraft in Europe, at about 1300 GMT following reports of a disturbance.  Shots were fired by American service personnel and a man has been detained with cuts and bruises and taken into custody,  Suffolk police said.  No other people have been injured as a result of the incident.  Police said they were not looking for anyone else on the site after the man, a 44 year-old Briton, was arrested on suspicion of criminal trespass. A Western security source, who spoke on condition of anonymity, told Reuters that Suffolk police were taking the lead on the incident and that specialist anti-terrorism officers were not immediately involved. Suffolk Police confirmed in a statement they were not treating the incident as terrorism and were receiving support from other law enforcement agencies while their investigation continued. The U.S. Air Force said the incident at the base, which is about 77 miles (125 km) northeast of London, had been contained and the suspect had been apprehended. Police said they remained on the base but there was no  threat to the base or local community. Mildenhall houses the 100th Air Refueling Wing and some special operations squadrons. The 1,162-acre base, which is home to about 3,100 U.S. military and an additional 3,000 family members, is earmarked for closure after the United States said it was going to move its operations from the base to Germany. The base said in a statement staff had been released from the lockdown about an hour-and-a-half after the incident.  Individuals in the area surrounding the installation are asked to avoid the base at this time,  it said. In 2016, a delivery driver was convicted of plotting to kill U.S. troops based in England by staging road accidents with soldiers  cars and then attacking them with knives and possibly a home-made bomb. Prosecutors said Junead Khan had used his job to scout RAF Mildenhall and two other U.S. bases while on carrying out  deliveries. ",1
11977,Islamic State claims attack on spy agency center in Afghan capital,"KABUL (Reuters) - Islamic State claimed responsibility for an attack on Monday near a training facility of Afghanistan s main intelligence agency in the capital, Kabul.  A group of armed men seized a building under construction in a heavily populated area of the city before being killed by security forces, officials said. Aside from the attackers, no significant casualties were reported. The Afshar area of Kabul where the attack occurred is close to a training facility of the National Directorate of Security, the main Afghan intelligence agency, as well as a private university. Islamic State claimed responsibility in a statement on its Amaq news agency, in which it said two of its fighters had attacked an intelligence agency center in Kabul. The group, which first appeared in Afghanistan in 2015, has claimed responsibility for a number of attacks in Kabul over the past several months. But much remains unknown about how it operates and many observers are skeptical about its ability to mount complex attacks on its own. ",1
11978,Death toll from French school bus collision rises to six - official,"PARIS (Reuters) - The death toll from a collision between a train and a school bus near the town of Perpignan in southwestern France has risen to six, the region s administrative head said on Monday. The train collided with a school bus carrying children between the age of 11 and 17 on a crossing on Thursday injuring nearly two dozen others.  Unfortunately, another victim passed away...taking the toll to six,  the Pyrenees-Orientales administrative head said on Twitter.  ",1
11979,"Erdogan, May say international community should be active in solving Jerusalem issue - Turkish sources","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan and British Prime Minister Theresa May agreed in a phone call on Monday that the international community should make  intense efforts  to solve the issue in Jerusalem, sources in Erdogan s office said. The two leaders, who discussed the blocking of a U.N. Security Council resolution calling for the U.S. declaration of Jerusalem as Israel s capital to be withdrawn, also agreed that any new tensions that could endanger the peace process in the region should be avoided, the sources said. ",1
11980,"Many police, few protesters as far right enters Austrian government","VIENNA (Reuters) - Hundreds of police sealed off part of central Vienna on Monday as Austria became the only western European country with a far-right party in power, but protests against the swearing-in proved small and largely peaceful. Conservative Sebastian Kurz, who is just 31, became chancellor in a coalition with the far right two months after winning a parliamentary election with a hard line on immigration after Austria was swept up in Europe s refugee crisis in 2015. The last time the anti-immigration Freedom Party (FPO) entered government in Austria, demonstrations were so big that the cabinet took a tunnel from the chancellery to the swearing-in ceremony at the president s office across the street. There was no need for that this time as, almost 18 years on and to a significantly more muted reaction, the country once again became an exception among its peers, but in a very different European political landscape. Protests nearby drew only a fraction of the tens of thousands who gathered in 2000 - and criticism from across the continent has also been more restrained. Police wore riot gear and stationed two water cannon at the main protest site.  We will certainly not be going underground to the Hofburg, but rather with our heads held high in the street,  FPO leader Heinz-Christian Strache said earlier in an interview with regional newspapers. He was referring to the former imperial palace that houses the president s office. This time, police cleared a large area around the head of state s office, keeping several thousand protesters about 100 meters (110 yards) away in a nearby square. Chants could be heard as the new ministers from the FPO and the conservative People s Party crossed the street quietly to the ceremony. The coalition deal hands control of much of Austria s security apparatus to the FPO, which came third in the election with 26 percent.  Any crime committed in Austria is one too many,  FPO Chairman Herbert Kickl said as he assumed his new position of interior minister. The FPO was also given the foreign and defense ministries. The agreement, which made Strache vice chancellor, includes plans to cut public spending and taxes and curb benefits for refugees.  I fear a total shift to the right, a hardening of the domestic political climate and incitement against outsiders,  said 69-year-old protester Wolfgang Pechlaner. Police said 1,500 officers were deployed. People marched peacefully, carrying placards saying  Nazis out  and chanting  Strache is a fascist . Police put the number of protesters at 5,000-6,000 and said three arrests were made. Organizers put the turnout as high as 10,000. By late afternoon, the crowds had dispersed. The FPO s success made it an outlier in Europe in the 1990s when it was led by the late Joerg Haider.  Now it is one of many anti-establishment parties gaining ground in Europe. Its allies and sister parties this year entered the German parliament and made the French presidential run-off. Swearing in the government, President Alexander Van der Bellen highlighted safeguards built into the coalition agreement.  We have achieved a clear consensus that (involvement in) Europe or the European Union and continuity in our foreign policy as well as respecting our fundamental rights and freedoms are important fundamental principles,  he said. That was a reference to the coalition having ruled out a referendum on EU membership, and to Austria s support for EU sanctions against Russia despite the FPO s pro-Moscow stance. The FPO, founded in the 1950s by former Nazis, has backed away from calling for a vote on EU membership. It and Kurz s conservatives want the EU to focus on fewer tasks, like securing external borders, and hand more powers back to member states. France and Germany were cautious about future ties with Vienna.  We will follow how the EU policy of Austria develops,  German Chancellor Angela Merkel said.  Chancellor (Sebastian) Kurz has the intention of being an active partner in Europe, and I am glad of that. We have lots of problems to solve in Europe.   Israel was also less than effusive about dealing with a Foreign Ministry controlled by the FPO, which has courted Jewish voters with limited success.  Israel will hold working contacts with the operational echelons of the (Austrian) government departments that are headed by ministers from the Freedom Party,  Israel s Foreign Ministry said in a statement.  Israel wishes to underline its total commitment to fighting anti-Semitism and commemorating the Holocaust.  Kurz travels to Brussels on Tuesday to meet European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and Council President Donald Tusk.   ",1
11981,Italian politicians up in arms over Austria passport offer,"ROME (Reuters) - Italian politicians denounced on Monday a proposal by Austria s new government to offer passports to German-speaking residents of the northern Italian province of Alto Adige. The idea was included in a 180-page coalition program signed on Saturday after weeks of negotiations by Austria s anti-immigration Freedom Party and the conservative People s Party. The accord risked tearing at fragile ethnic fault lines which run through the autonomous area of Alto Adige, also known as the South Tyrol.  Get your hands off Italy,  said Giorgia Meloni, the head of the right-wing Brothers of Italy party, which is part of former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi s center-right opposition bloc.  Brothers of Italy will raise the barricades in Alto Adige, in parliament and in every institution, and will ask President (Sergio) Mattarella to stop this undignified insult,  she said in a statement. Alto Adige was ceded to Italy by Austria after World War One. Despite moves by Fascist dictator Benito Mussolini to settle thousands of ethnic Italians there in the 1920s, German speakers still outnumber Italians by around two to one. Italians and Germans have their own schools and largely frequent different bars and restaurants. But the region enjoys enormous autonomy and generous handouts from Rome, which have helped dampen secessionist sentiments in the province. The new Austrian government portrayed its plan to offer citizenship to Alto Adige residents whose first language is German as a pro-European gesture to promote  an ever-closer union of citizens of member states . Benedetto Della Vedova, a junior foreign minister in Rome, dismissed this, saying the offer was couched in a  velvet glove of Europeanism  but bore the  scent of the ethno-nationalist iron fist . Italian Foreign Minister Angelino Alfano was more cautious, saying he would raise the matter at a later date.  It will be a conversation that requires enormous delicacy,  he was quoted as saying by ANSA agency during a visit to China. ",1
11982,Powerful Afghan regional leader ousted as political picture clouds,"KABUL (Reuters) - One of Afghanistan s most powerful regional politicians was ousted as governor of the northern province of Balkh on Monday, setting up a confrontation that adds to the uncertainty around President Ashraf Ghani s Western-backed government. Atta Mohammad Noor is one of the leading figures in Jamiat-e-Islami, a party which mainly represents Afghanistan s Tajik ethnic group, and has used his position in Balkh, on the northern border of the country, as a powerbase to push for a major role on the national stage. His removal, at a time when tensions between Tajiks and Pashtuns, Afghanistan s two biggest ethnic groups, have been rising, injects extra uncertainty to the already fractured political landscape ahead of presidential elections in 2019.  My dismissal has no legal or legitimate basis,  Noor said on Afghan national television.  For now we are only resorting to civil action but if this atrocity continues, there are many other options.  Atta Noor is one of a clutch of powerful regional and ethnic leaders whom Ghani has struggled to control since he came to office after the disputed election of 2014. Ghani, a Pashtun, has tried previously to remove him but also discussed a possible role in the government for him. He submitted his resignation several months ago but the move never took effect until Ghani approved it on Monday, announcing at the same time that Mohammad Daoud, also from Jamiat, would become the next governor of Balkh province.      The Afghan president has accepted Atta Mohammad Noor s resignation and announced Engineer Mohammad Daoud as the new governor,  Shah Hussain Murtazawi a spokesman for Ghani said. In his remarks on Monday, Atta Noor, who has demanded a number of senior positions in the government for some of his allies, said the resignation had been offered with conditions attached and said these had not been respected.  Since they didn t meet their responsibilities, I don t accept it,  he said. Ghani s national unity government, formed after the 2014 election forced him into an uneasy power-sharing arrangement with his former rival Abdullah Abdullah from Jamiat, retains the support of the international community and the United States. But it has faced mounting criticism from a growing array of opposition groups. Parliamentary elections originally due to be held next year are in doubt and former President Hamid Karzai has called for a loya jirga, or traditional grand council of political leaders and elders to decide the future of the government. The confrontation with Atta Noor comes several months after a standoff with Vice President Rashid Dostum over accusations of the sexual abuse of a political opponent. Dostum, an ethnic Uzbek leader and veteran of decades of Afghan politics, has been in Turkey since May, ostensibly for medical treatment. ",1
11983,Markets cheer as Chile's Pinera gets strong mandate for presidency,"SANTIAGO (Reuters) - Billionaire conservative Sebastian Pinera will begin a second term as Chile s president in March with a strong mandate after trouncing his center-left opponent in Sunday s election, and local markets soared on hopes of more investor-friendly policies. Still, Pinera will face a divided Congress and an upstart leftist coalition that has promised to fight his plans to lower taxes and  refine  the progressive policies undertaken by outgoing center-left President Michelle Bachelet. Pinera s previous stint as president, from 2010 to 2014, was marked by huge student protests. Speaking to reporters after meeting with Bachelet on Monday, Pinera struck a tone of unity, saying he would work to form a  broad cabinet, of continuity and change.   Chile s peso strengthened more than 2 percentage points against the dollar on Monday, while the IPSA stock index hit an all-time high and was up nearly 7 percent, as investors bet on more business-friendly policies under a Pinera administration.  Chile is the world s top copper producer and the country s vast mining industry is also counting on Pinera s support. The business magnate has promised to cut red tape and has pledged support and stable funding for state-run miner Codelco, saying the company is  reinventing itself  and needs investment.  Codelco needs strong management and must improve its efficiency,  he told reporters. With his nine-percentage point win over center-left senator Alejandro Guillier in Sunday s runoff presidential election, Pinera, 68, won more votes than any presidential candidate since Chile s return to democracy in 1990. It was the biggest ever loss for the center-left coalition that has dominated Chile s politics since the end of Augusto Pinochet s dictatorship. Other South American countries including Argentina, Peru and Brazil have also shifted to the political right in recent years.  The results of a first round vote and a congressional election last month pointed to a more divided country, however. Far-left candidate Beatriz Sanchez captured 20 percent of votes, nearly as many as the more moderate Guillier, suggesting some dissatisfaction with Chile s long-standing free-market model. Guillier on Sunday acknowledged the  harsh defeat  and urged his supporters to defend Bachelet s progressive policies, which have included overhauls of tax, labor and education laws in an effort to fight persistent inequality in one of South America s most developed economies. Pinera said Bachelet had confirmed she plans to present parliament with a bill to recast Chile s dictatorship-era constitution before her term ends in March.  Such a change was also a key campaign promise of Guillier. Pinera said he agreed on  perfecting it (the constitution) but in a climate of unity.   Pinera s Chile Vamos party has 72 of 155 representatives in the lower house, more than any other bloc. Still, without an outright majority in either chamber of the legislature, Pinera s supporters will have to form alliances to pass most laws.  Sanchez s coalition earned its first senate seat and around 20 seats in the lower house in November s election.  The Frente Amplio commits to continuing to work for a changing Chile, with more rights and more democracy,  she wrote in a tweet congratulating Pinera, referring to the leftist Broad Front party. Efforts by Pinera s ideological allies in Brazil and Argentina to reduce fiscal deficits by cutting spending and reforming pension systems have faced political opposition and sparked protests in recent months.  What I think he s going to do is perfect Bachelet s reforms, make them more effective, more efficient, maybe help out business a little bit more,  said analyst Kenneth Bunker, of political research group Tresquintos.  But he ll be cutting around the edges, he s not going to have power in Congress to do everything he would otherwise.  Pinera has sought to strike a conciliatory tone.  In a speech at his home following his meeting with Bachelet, he said,  Yesterday Chileans handed us a great victory. But I will be the president of all the Chileans, both those who voted for me and those who voted for Alejandro Guillier.  ",1
11984,German defense minister says troop withdrawal from Afghanistan too rapid,"MAZAR-I-SHARIF, Afghanistan (Reuters) - German Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen on Monday said the withdrawal of international troops from Afghanistan in recent years had been too rapid and she called for a longer-term commitment in the Hindu Kush mountain range. Visiting troops in the northern city of Mazar-i-Sharif, von der Leyen criticized the rapid reduction in forces since the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) ended its mission in Afghanistan in 2014 but said the international community had now learned it needed to be more patient.  I haven t forgotten how it was at the beginning when we got out of ISAF too quickly with too big a reduction in troop numbers,  she said, adding that everyone knew the security situation in Afghanistan remained tense. She said Afghans continued to need support, advice and training from foreign soldiers, adding:  There s still a lot to do but I m convinced that we re going in the right direction with our mission there.   We ll need to have a lot of stamina - Afghanistan will occupy us for a long time yet,  von der Leyen said. U.S. President Donald Trump announced a new open-ended policy toward Afghanistan in August, authorizing an increase in U.S. troop numbers to advise and train Afghan security forces and conduct counter-terrorism operations, with the aim of reversing territorial gains by Taliban insurgents and compelling them to agree to peace talks. At the peak of the ISAF mission around 150,000 foreign soldiers were deployed in Hindu Kush compared with around 17,000 now - of which 10,000 are Americans. U.S. officials are pressing Germany to send more troops to Afghanistan as part of the increased international presence but say they do not expect any decisions until after the formation of a new German government. The German parliament voted last week to extend by three months Germany s military support for the Afghanistan mission to allow a new government to consider a longer-term extension. ",1
11985,Palestinians to call for emergency meeting of U.N. General Assembly,"RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - The Palestinian Foreign Minister said on Monday the Palestinians will call for an emergency meeting of the U.N. General Assembly after the U.S. vetoed a Security Council resolution calling for the withdrawal of its declaration that Jerusalem is Israel s capital. President Donald Trump reversed decades of U.S. policy on Dec. 6 and recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, imperiling Middle East peace efforts and upsetting the Arab world and Western allies alike.  We are moving within 48 hours ... to call for an emergency meeting of the General Assembly,  Palestinian Foreign Minister Riyad al-Maliki told reporters in Ramallah. He said the international community would  consider the decision by president Trump as null and void.  ",1
11986,Kenya court awards 4 million shillings to girl strip-searched by police,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - A Kenyan court on Monday awarded a young woman four million shillings in damages after she was strip-searched by police who said they were looking for drugs. The incident in August 2015 provoked an outcry in the East African country after images of the half-naked 18-year-old schoolgirl were posted on social media. She pleaded guilty to possession of marijuana shortly after the incident and was sentenced to 18 months on probation. In the lawsuit she later filed jointly with a child rights group, the young woman said the photos humiliated her and sought legal compensation.  Kenyan high court judge John Mativo said in his ruling that the student was entitled to the four million shillings ($38,815) because her constitutional rights to dignity had been violated. The student had been traveling with more than 40 others on a bus home for the holidays when she was stopped by the police.  The court s ruling is a rare victory in the East African country s legal system against the police. Although no police officers were tried or found guilty in the case, the ruling was an acknowledgment of wrongdoing.  A government civilian body exists to oversee the police, but few officers are charged and convictions are extremely rare. ",1
11987,Somali president vows extra efforts after U.S. suspends aid to military,"MOGADISHU (Reuters) - The government of Somali will do all it can to pay salaries and buy equipment for its soldiers as it begins to lose international support, the country s president said on Monday. The statement came several days after Reuters reported that the United States was suspending food and fuel aid for most of Somalia s armed forces over corruption concerns. That announcement was a blow to the military, who will begin losing the support of African peacekeepers when they start to withdraw this month. Islamist insurgents are striking with ever-larger and more deadly attacks in the capital and major towns.  I hereby certify that if a thing is halted, as a government we shall put effort five hundred percent so that the suspension does not affect anyone, President Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed said in an address to military officials at the defense ministry that was broadcast on local radio.  Whether it is salary or equipment, the government will bring what it can, he said.  I am telling you that we should depend on ourselves. We thank the foreigners who were supporting us. If they mentioned criticism, we are required to rectify.  The president did not mention a specific donor s support, but added:  If you have someone who is ready to lend you a hand, you have to avoid things that can bring suspicion.  Reuters reported that the U.S. has grown frustrated that successive governments have failed to build a capable national army. Documents seen by Reuters paint a stark picture of a military hollowed out by corruption, unable to feed, pay or arm its soldiers, despite hundreds of millions of dollars of support. ",1
11988,Six Ugandan MPs ejected in rowdy debate to extend rule of aging Museveni,"KAMPALA (Reuters) - A move to change Uganda s constitution to allow President Yoweri Museveni to rule beyond the age of 75 provoked rowdy scenes in parliament on Monday in which six legislators were ejected from the chamber. Museveni, 73, has ruled the east African country for 31 years. Under the current age cap, the constitution would bar him from standing again as president in 2021. Parliament on Monday began debating a bill, presented by a Museveni loyalist, that proposes removing the stipulation a presidential candidate cannot be more than 75 years old, something which opposition activists and rights groups say opens the door for him to be president for life. Religious leaders and even some MPs from Museveni s National Resistance Movement (NRM) party have criticized the proposed bill, which needs two thirds of all voting house members to pass. But the NRM is expected to easily muster enough votes. Protests against the move have been put down with detentions, teargas and live bullets, leaving at least two dead in October. On Monday, debate proceeded amid heavy deployments of police and military personnel at parliament. After jeering and heckling erupted in the chamber, the six lawmakers were suspended for a single session and ordered out for  undermining the authority of the speaker [and] undermining decorum in the house,  parliament spokesman Chris Obore told Reuters. The MPs had heckled speaker Rebecca Kadaga and ignored her orders to be seated, Obore said. House proceedings were adjourned for several hours after the MPs were sent out and resumed later in the afternoon to hear a report from a parliamentary committee that conducted public hearings on the bill.  A report by the majority of the MPs on the committee endorsed the proposal to scrap the age cap and also recommended that the length of a presidential term be extended to seven from the current five years.  Some legislators on the committee disagreed and wrote a minority report.  It s our view that the proposal...only seeks to promote life presidency as well as negate modern practices of constitutionalism,  MP Monicah Amoding, who read the minority report, said. In the mostly acrimonious debate, legislators often shouted each other down and jeered. Opposition MPs, who dominated the debate, tried unsuccessfully to stall the process. The speaker adjourned the session to Tuesday after she said the chamber s microphones were experiencing a glitch. In late September, lawmakers brawled in parliament for two consecutive days as MPs opposed to the bill attempted to filibuster it but were defeated. At least 25 MPs opposed to the proposed constitutional amendment to prolong Museveni s tenure were forcibly ejected on orders of the speaker for involvement in fighting.  Museveni initially won broad international support for his embrace of market economics and restoring political order after years of turmoil in the east African country. But in recent years he has come under a growing spotlight for a range of rights violations, corruption and his unwillingness to give up power. Democracy advocates have expressed alarm at the reemergence of a trend by leaders in the region to seek to change laws, delay elections or use other tactics to extend their tenures.  In Burundi and the Democratic Republic of Congo such maneuvers have provoked instability.  ",1
11989,Israeli challenges German court ruling on Kuwait air travel ban,"BERLIN (Reuters) - An Israeli man appealed on Monday against a German court s ruling upholding Kuwait Airways  right to ban him from boarding a flight due to his citizenship, a legal decision that triggered sharp criticism from German officials and Jewish groups. The appeal argues that the ruling accepted a racist Kuwaiti law and allowed the airline to override German laws requiring that airlines transport any passenger with valid travel documents, according to the Lawfare Project, which filed the appeal.  We cannot allow our laws to be subverted by the state-sponsored racism of other nations,  said Nathan Gelbart, the German attorney for the group, which fights anti-Jewish and anti-Israeli discrimination around the world. He said the decision by the Frankfurt district court had allowed  anti-Semitic discrimination to be imported into our country and helped whitewash and sanitize it.  Kuwait Airways has not commented on the decision. German Chancellor Angela Merkel and other top officials have vowed to fight anti-Semitism and xenophobia with the full force of the law in recent weeks after protests that included the burning of Israeli flags.  Merkel s spokesman Steffen Seibert said Germany had a historic responsibility to stand by Israel and Jews everywhere. Anti-Semitism remains a sensitive issue in Germany, one of Israel s closest allies, more than 70 years after the end of the Nazi-era Holocaust, in which six million Jews were killed. The Frankfurt court last month ruled Kuwait Airways had the right to refuse to carry the Israeli man on a flight to Bangkok that began in Frankfurt and included a stopover in Kuwait City since it was abiding by the laws of Kuwait, a country that does not recognize the state of Israel. It said Germany s anti-discrimination law applied only in cases of discrimination on the basis of race, ethnic background or religion, not citizenship. The ruling was sharply criticized by German government officials and the Central Council of Jews in Germany, which said the Kuwaiti law was reminiscent of Nazi policies. Three German state parliaments in Bavaria, Hesse and North Rhine-Westphalia, have passed resolutions condemning the airline for its policy. Acting Transportation Minister Christian Schmidt also raised concerns about the issue in a letter to Kuwaiti officials, saying it was  fundamentally unacceptable to exclude citizens because of their nationality,  according to the Lawfare Project. No comment was immediately available from Schmidt s office. A foreign ministry spokesman said Germany s ambassador to Kuwait had met Kuwaiti officials on Nov. 28 to deliver the letter and discuss the issue. A spate of anti-Semitic acts in Germany in recent weeks, including the burning of Israeli flags, have triggered concern and calls by top officials to put more emphasis on the Holocaust in integration courses for migrants. Rights groups say anti-Semitism and violent acts have increased in recent years amid growing support for far-right political groups and the influx of over a million migrants from Syria and other countries that are at war with Israel. ",1
11990,Kremlin-backed broadcaster launches French language news channel in wary Paris,"PARIS (Reuters) - The Kremlin-funded Russian broadcaster RT was due to launch its French language news channel on Monday night amid heavy suspicion by the government and President Emmanuel Macron who has dubbed it  an organ of propaganda . Macron has led official criticism of RT, formerly known as  Russia Today , and openly accused it of sowing disinformation about him via its website and social media during the presidential election earlier this year which he won. RT has denied the allegations and RT France s chief executive Xenia Fedorova, speaking at the channel s new offices in a western Paris suburb, again brushed off criticism, saying that RT stood for news  not covered by mainstream media . The channel was being cold-shouldered by Macron and the channel had still not been granted accreditation to cover news conferences inside the French presidential Elysee palace, Fedorova said on Monday a few hours before the channel was due to start broadcasting.  There was just one example of when we actually managed to visit. That was actually during the Trump visit to Paris,  she added, referring to the visit by the U.S. president last in July.  A spokesman for the French government said last week that the current administration was concerned by encroachment on  freedom of expression but highlighted that RT was owned by a foreign power.  Fedorova brushed off the remarks, citing other well-known international news channels that receive public funding such as BBC World, France 24 or Al Jazeera.   RT stands for news that are not covered by the mainstream media,  she said.    We will keep the platform (open) to perspectives and opinions that are either not covered or silenced.  RT France has planned a budget of 20 million euros  ($24 million) for its launch and aims to recruit a total of 150 people by the end next year.  By comparison, BFM TV, France s number one news channel, started with 15 million euros and now has an annual budget of about 60 million euros.  RT s first international channel was launched in December 2005. The network broadcasts in English, Arabic and Spanish and its programs are viewed by 70 million people in 38 countries, it says.  The landscape for news channels is already crowded in France, with four round-the-clock local news channels. Unlike its rivals, RT will not reach all French households via the digital terrestrial television technology. Rather, it can be viewed only online or by subscribers of Iliad s broadband services. Bouygues Telecom is also due to distribute RT France from the end of next February.  The two biggest French telecom operators, Orange and Altice s SFR Group, are still in discussions with RT France, the firms said, underscoring the low audience level that RT is likely to have in its first few days. Russia s international news outlets have come under the spotlight since 2016 after being accused of meddling in the U.S. presidential election.  Russia has denied interfering in the election.  In October, Twitter accused RT and Russian news agency Sputnik of interfering in the 2016 U.S. election and banned them from buying ads on its network. ($1 = 0.8472 euros) ",1
11991,South Sudan rebels accuse army of attack as peace talks restart,"ADDIS ABABA (Reuters) - South Sudanese rebels accused the government army of attacking one of their bases overnight as a new round of peace talks between the warring sides opened in the Ethiopian capital on Monday.  Rebel spokesman Lam Paul Gabriel said government troops attacked a rebel base in the town of Lasu in the south of the country late on Sunday.   They are in the IO base,  he said, referring to the name of the rebel group. Army spokesmen were not immediately available to comment when called by Reuters on Monday afternoon. The talks in Addis Ababa have been convened by the East African bloc IGAD and are aimed at bringing the warring sides back to the negotiating table after a 2015 peace deal collapsed last year during heavy fighting in the capital, Juba.      The war began in 2013 between soldiers of President Salva Kiir, an ethnic Dinka, and his former vice president, Riek Machar, a Nuer. Tens of thousands of people have died and a third of South Sudan s 12 million population have fled their homes.  Highlighting the widespread nature of the violence, army spokesman Lul Ruai Koang earlier said four aid workers from the French organization Solidarites International had been kidnapped a day earlier by the rebels near the western city of Raja.  The state government, based in Raja, said in a statement eight civilians had been killed and the four aid workers kidnapped in what it described as an ambush by the rebels.  The French organization said it had lost contact with three members of its team on Saturday. It gave no indication of their fate and it was not immediately clear why it gave a different number of those involved.  An IO rebel statement said:  The SPLA IO forces also rescued four humanitarian staff ... they are currently safe and sound with our forces around Raja and will be handed over ... as soon as possible.   It was not immediately clear what the rebels said they had rescued the aid workers from. The war has mutated from a two-way fight into a fragmented conflict, making peace more elusive, the top United Nations peacekeeper in the country told Reuters earlier this year.  Diplomats and analysts question whether the will to end the fighting exists, as Kiir s government holds the military upper hand and rebel leader Machar is under house arrest in South Africa. [L3N1NG5D4] Machar sent representatives to the Ethiopian capital for the talks. Ethiopian Prime Minister Hailemariam Desalegn voiced strong criticism of the warring sides at the forum in Addis Ababa.  ... More than half of the people of South Sudan are either refugees in neighboring countries, internally displaced within South Sudan or suffering from food insecurity in their own village,  he said.   It is equally clear that all this suffering is taking place because you the leaders of South Sudan have repeatedly failed to talk to each other, to negotiate, to be tolerant, to make compromises,  he added.  Today, I appeal to you to stop this intransigence.  ",1
11992,Explainer: Myanmar wields colonial-era law against Reuters journalists,"(Reuters) - Myanmar has accused Reuters reporters Wa Lone, 31, and Kyaw Soe Oo, 27, of breaching the country s Official Secrets Act, a little-used hangover from colonial rule. Sam Zarifi, secretary general of the International Commission of Jurists (ICJ), said the law can ensnare working journalists  at any time . The two reporters were arrested on Tuesday evening after they were invited to meet police officers for dinner in the north of Yangon. The Ministry of Information said they had  illegally acquired information with the intention to share it with foreign media , and published a photo of the pair in handcuffs standing behind a table with documents laid on it. The law dates back to 1923, when Myanmar, then known as Burma, was a province of British India. At the time British administrators worried that rival powers could seek to exploit anti-colonial unrest in its South Asian empire.  The act, which amended earlier anti-spying legislation, was controversial in India even at the time, according to a history published in 2009 by the United Service Institution of India, a New Delhi-based think tank. British military officers pushed for the stronger law over concerns about an  increase in Bolshevik activity , along with geopolitical threats including  the possibility of racial war between Japan and the USA affecting India , the history said. The Official Secrets Act covers trespassing in prohibited areas, handling documents deemed secret and communicating with  foreign agents . It carries a maximum penalty of 14 years in prison. Zarifi of the Geneva-based ICJ - a human rights group made up of 60 senior international judges, lawyers and legal academics - said the definition of an official secret in the act is  incredibly broad .  Just about anyone in possession of unpublished government documents could find themselves facing prosecution and the harsh penalties a conviction may carry,  Zarifi said.  Under this law many good journalists could be prosecuted at any time.  In India, where the same law also remains on the statute book, courts have ruled that it even applies to parliamentary papers such as budget proposals if they are leaked before they are presented in the legislature. Legal experts say prosecutions under the act have been rare in Myanmar in recent decades.  The military junta that ruled until 2011 frequently used other laws or the Penal Code - also inherited from the colonial era - to lock up its critics alongside common criminals. The sprawling code was drafted in 1860, and gives magistrates more than 500 sections under which to charge alleged offenders. In 1990, a military court sentenced two leaders of the then opposition National League for Democracy (NLD) to 10 years in prison under the Official Secrets Act after they passed an official letter to foreign embassies. The prosecution was part of a broad crackdown following an election won by the NLD that the junta ignored.  They were freed in 1992, in an amnesty, according to a New York Times report at the time. Reports of at least two other cases brought under the act are recorded in the online archives of the Asian Human Rights Commission in 2009 and 2010.  The first case involved a man jailed for trespassing on military land and recording video footage to allegedly send abroad. He had been helping a farmer file a land grab complaint against the military. The second concerned a former army officer who was jailed in 2010 for allegedly having secret information on his laptop that he passed to foreign news agencies. The most well-documented recent case involving the Official Secrets Act came in January of 2014, when the Yangon-based weekly, Unity Journal, published a front page article it said exposed a secret chemical weapons factory run by the military in central Myanmar.  Police arrested the newspaper s CEO and four journalists involved in publishing the story, raided its offices, and attempted to seize all copies of the edition from newsstands. A civilian court in Pakkoku, near the alleged factory, sentenced them in July 2014 to 10 years in prison with hard labor - later reduced to seven years. The case was widely seen by the domestic media as a warning that military affairs remained off-limits even though direct military rule had ended. The  Unity Five  were released in an amnesty in April 2016, soon after the NLD, led by Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi, had come to power following an election in 2015. The Unity Journal subsequently closed.  Reuters was unable to reach government legal officials over the weekend and a Monday public holiday to request details of any other past cases in which the Official Secrets Act was used. Little is known of the allegations against the two Reuters journalists, other than that police said they were  arrested for possessing important and secret government documents related to Rakhine State and security forces  and are charged under Section 3 of the Official Secrets Act. Two policemen are also being investigated in the case, according to police. Section 3 covers entering prohibited places, taking images or handling secret official documents that  might be or is intended to be, directly or indirectly, useful to an enemy . Human Rights Watch in 2016 said Section 3  defines the offence of  spying  extremely broadly .   Where a military establishment is involved, section 3(2) of the statute effectively places the burden on the defendant to prove that they are not guilty,  the group said. In May 2016, the month after Suu Kyi took power, the 1975 State Protection Act that had been used to keep her under house arrest for years was repealed. The Emergency Provisions Act, introduced in 1950 and frequently used against activists after the military seized power in a 1962 coup, was swept away in October the same year. But the Official Secrets Act and other laws, such as the 1908 Unlawful Associations Act, that have been used to jail journalists and activists, remain in force. Reuters was unable to reach Suu Kyi s spokesman to seek comment from Suu Kyi on the use of the Official Secrets Act to detain the two Reuters journalists. ",1
11993,Factbox: International reaction to arrest of Reuters reporters in Myanmar,"(Reuters) - Several countries, the United Nations and journalist groups are demanding the release of Reuters reporters Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo from detention in Myanmar.  The reporters were arrested on Dec. 12 after being invited to meet police officials on the outskirts of Yangon. They had worked on stories about a military crackdown in Rakhine state, scene of more than 600,000 Rohingya Muslims fleeing to Bangladesh since late August. Myanmar s Ministry of Information has said the reporters  illegally acquired information with the intention to share it with foreign media,  and released a photo of them in handcuffs. It said the reporters and two policemen faced charges under the British colonial-era Official Secrets Act, which carries a maximum prison sentence of 14 years, though officials said they have not been charged. Their exact whereabouts are not known. Reuters  driver Myothant Tun dropped them off at a police compound and the two reporters and two police officers headed to a nearby restaurant. The journalists did not return to the car.  Reuters President and Editor-in-Chief Stephen J. Adler said  the arrests were a  blatant attack on press freedom  and called for the immediate release of the journalists.  Here are reactions to their detention from politicians and press freedom advocates around the world:   - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said the United States was  demanding their immediate release or information as to the circumstances around their disappearance.   - British Minister for Asia and the Pacific Mark Field said,   I absolutely strongly disapprove of the idea of journalists, going about their everyday business, being arrested. We will make it clear in the strongest possible terms that we feel that they need to be released at the earliest possible opportunity.  - Swedish Foreign Minister Margot Wallstrom called the arrests a  threat to a democratic and peaceful development of Myanmar and that region.  She said,  We do not accept that journalists are attacked or simply kidnapped or that they disappear ... To be able to send journalists to this particular area is of crucial importance.   - U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said countries should do everything possible to secure the journalists  release and freedom of the press in Myanmar. Guterres said,  It is clearly a concern in relation to the erosion of press freedom in the country.  He added:  And probably the reason why these journalists were arrested is because they were reporting on what they have seen in relation to this massive human tragedy.   - Canada s Minister of Foreign Affairs Chrystia Freeland, the former managing director and editor, consumer news, at Thomson Reuters, tweeted that she was  deeply concerned  by the reports about the arrests. Global Affairs Canada, the Canadian government department that manages its foreign and trade relations, issued a separate statement on Saturday calling for the reporters  release and said that  no person should ever face intimidation in the exercise of their profession.  - President of the European Parliament Antonio Tajani called on Myanmar to protect media freedoms and release the two reporters. - Iqbal Sobhan Chowdhury, information adviser to Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina, said,  We strongly denounce arrests of Reuters journalists and feel that those reporters be free immediately so that they can depict the truth to the world by their reporting.  - Japan s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s spokesman Motosada Matano said his government was closely watching the situation, and that Japan has been conducting a dialogue with the Myanmar government on human rights in Myanmar in general. - Australia s Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade said its embassy in Myanmar was registering Canberra s concern at the arrest of the two journalists.  A free and functioning media is an essential part of a modern democracy,  the department said in an e-mail to Reuters on Monday. - The Committee to Protect Journalists said,  We call on local authorities to immediately, unconditionally release Reuters reporters Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo. These arrests come amid a widening crackdown which is having a grave impact on the ability of journalists to cover a story of vital global importance.  - The Paris-based Reporters Without Borders said there was no justification for the arrests. Daniel Bastard, the head of the group s Asia-Pacific desk, said the charges being considered were  completely spurious . - Advocacy group Fortify Rights demanded the Myanmar government immediately and unconditionally release the two Reuters journalists.  The environment for media right now is as hostile as it s been for years, and if adequate pressure doesn t mount on the civilian and military leadership, we can expect it to worsen,  Matthew Smith, chief executive officer of Fortify Rights, said in a statement on Thursday. - Myanmar s Irrawaddy online news site called on Dec. 14 for the journalists  release in an editorial headlined  The Crackdown on the Media Must Stop.  The newspaper said that  it is an outrage to see the Ministry of Information release a police record photo of reporters handcuffed   as police normally do to criminals   on its website soon after the detention. It is chilling to see that MOI has suddenly brought us back to the olden days of a repressive regime.  - The Southeast Asian Press Alliance asked for the immediate release of the journalists.  These two journalists are only doing their jobs in trying to fill the void of information on the Rohingya conflict,  said SEAPA executive director Edgardo Legaspi.  With this arrest, the government seems to be sending the message that all military reports should be off limits to journalists.  - The Protection Committee for Myanmar Journalists, a group of local reporters who have demonstrated against past prosecutions of journalists, decried the  unfair arrests that affect media freedom .  A reporter must have the right to get information and write news ethically,  said video journalist A Hla Lay Thu Zar - a member of the group s executive committee. - The Foreign Correspondents  Club of Myanmar said it was  appalled  by the arrests and  gravely concerned  about the state of press freedom in Myanmar. It called on authorities to ensure the reporters  safety and allow their families to see them. - The Foreign Correspondents  Club in Thailand, The Foreign Correspondents Association of the Philippines, and the Jakarta Foreign Correspondents Club, have also issued statements of support for the journalists. (Refiles to add dropped surname of Swedish foreign minister.) ",1
11994,Myanmar government says case against Reuters journalists can proceed,"YANGON (Reuters) - Myanmar s civilian President Htin Kyaw, a close ally of government leader Aung San Suu Kyi, has authorized the police to proceed with a case against two detained Reuters reporters accused of violating the country s colonial-era Official Secrets Act, a senior government spokesman said. Journalists Wa Lone, 31, and Kyaw Soe Oo, 27, were arrested last Tuesday evening after they were invited to dine with police officers on the outskirts of Myanmar s largest city, Yangon.  The Ministry of Home Affairs has already submitted the case to the Office of the President,  Zaw Htay, spokesman for Aung San Suu Kyi, said by phone late on Sunday. He added that the president s office had given approval for the case to go ahead. Zaw Htay could not be reached on Monday to clarify whether Htin Kyaw or Suu Kyi had been personally involved in the decision, or if other officials had signed off on the president s behalf. Suu Kyi, head of the ruling National League for Democracy (NLD), is barred from the presidency under a constitution written by the military. But she effectively runs the country in the role of  state counselor . Approval from the president s office is needed before court proceedings can begin in a case brought under the Official Secrets Act. Section 13 of the Act states:  No Court shall take cognizance of any offense under this Act unless upon complaint made by order of, or under authority from, the President of the Union.  A number of governments, including the United States, Canada and Britain, and United Nations  Secretary-General Antonio Guterres, as well as Reuters Editor-in-Chief Stephen J. Adler and a host of journalists  and human rights  groups have criticized the arrests as an attack on press freedom and called on Myanmar to release the two men. Zaw Htay said the journalists  legal rights were being respected.  Your reporters are protected by the rule of the law,  he said.  All I can say is the government can guarantee the rule of law.  But two senior figures in the NLD on Monday joined the criticism of how the two men are being treated. Nyan Win, a member of the NLD s central executive committee and one of Suu Kyi s defense lawyers during her years of house arrest under junta rule, said it was  unfair  that the families of Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo were not allowed to contact them or be told where they are being held. He said the police were being  very secretive  and called for  openness , although said the NLD was unable to do anything about the issue as it was not being kept informed. Although an NLD-led civilian government took office in April last year the police and home ministry, which are driving the case, remain under the control of the military. Win Htein, another senior figure in the NLD, who was also critical of the journalists  detention, suggested they had probably been set up by the police.  In my opinion this is a trap,  he said.  They met with two policemen and then they were arrested somewhere else with the documents.  Police Lieutenant Colonel Myint Htwe, of the Yangon Police Division, had no comment when asked about the criticism of the men s detention. Asked on Mizzima Television what he would do for the detained journalists, Information Minister Pe Myint said:  When I know all the facts of the current case, I will work to do what I can.  Pe Myint is a former editor of the People s Age in Yangon and was Wa Lone s boss when the journalist worked at the paper in his first job as a reporter. The two journalists had worked on Reuters coverage of a crisis that has seen an estimated 655,000 Rohingya Muslims flee from a fierce military crackdown on militants in western Rakhine state. The Ministry of Information said last week that they had  illegally acquired information with the intention to share it with foreign media , and released a photo of the pair in handcuffs.   It said they were being investigated under the 1923 Official Secrets Act, which carries a maximum prison sentence of 14 years. The ministry said at the same time that two policemen, Police Captain Moe Yan Naing and Police Sergeant Khin Maung Lin, had also been arrested under the same act. No details have been released on whether a case against them is also proceeding.   The authorities have not allowed the journalists any contact with their families, a lawyer or Reuters since their arrest. The International Commission of Jurists (ICJ) called on the authorities to immediately disclose the whereabouts of the pair.  All detainees must be allowed prompt access to a lawyer and to family members,  said Frederick Rawski, the ICJ s Asia-Pacific Regional Director, in a statement on Monday.   Authorities are bound to respect these rights in line with Myanmar law and the State s international law obligations.    Police told Wa Lone s wife on Thursday that the reporters were taken from Htaunt Kyant police station in north Yangon to an undisclosed location by an investigation team shortly after their arrest.   They added the reporters would be brought back to the station in  two to three days at most . It is now six days since they were detained and there has been no further update on their whereabouts. Lieutenant Colonel Myint Htwe and a second senior officer, Lieutenant Colonel Min Han of the Criminal Investigation Department, said on Monday they did not know where the journalists were being held.  You don t need to worry for their safety,  said Lt Col Myint Htwe.  The investigative team will proceed according to the law.  ",1
11995,Syria's Assad calls U.S.-backed militias 'traitors',"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syrian President Bashar al-Assad on Monday described U.S.-backed militias in eastern Syria as  traitors , his office said in an online statement.  In a meeting with Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin at Syria s Hmeimim base, Assad also welcomed a United Nations role in Syrian elections as long as it was linked with Syria s sovereignty, his office cited him as saying. Assad has repeatedly vowed to take back all of Syria.  A U.S.-led international coalition against Islamic State has given military support to the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias that now controls nearly a quarter of Syria.  The SDF said Assad s comments were no surprise, accusing his government of sowing strife and sectarianism.  We assert once again that we will go forward without hesitation in chasing terrorism,  it said in a statement.   This regime ... is itself a definition of treachery that, if Syrians do not confront it, will lead to partitioning the country, which our forces will not allow in any form,  the Kurdish-led SDF added. Rogozin was quoted by Russia s RIA news agency as saying after the meeting with Assad that Russia would be the only country to take part in rebuilding Syrian energy facilities. ",1
11996,5-Star leader says Italy should quit euro unless rules change,"ROME (Reuters) - The leader of the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement, Luigi Di Maio, said on Monday that Italy should quit the euro zone unless it manages to change the bloc s rules on public finances. 5-Star, which leads in opinion polls ahead of an election expected in March, says if it wins power it will lobby Italy s EU partners to loosen the so-called Fiscal Compact which imposes steep budget cuts for high-debt countries like Italy. The maverick party threatens to hold a referendum on Italy s euro membership unless it is allowed to boost public investment and raise the budget deficit above the current limit of 3 percent of gross domestic product. Di Maio has recently softened the party s anti-euro rhetoric, saying 5-Star is  pro-Europe  and calling the euro referendum a  last resort  to be used only if Italy is unable to win any concessions.  If we should arrive at the referendum, which for me is a last resort because first I want to go to Europe and try to change a series of rules ... it s clear that I would vote to leave, because it would mean Europe hasn t listened to us on anything  he said in a television interview on Monday.  But today I see an opportunity for Europe (to reform) , he told the private station La7. Former Prime Minister Matteo Renzi, the leader of the ruling Democratic Party (PD), said in a tweet that  this time Di Maio has been clear... he would vote to leave the euro. I say it would be madness for the Italian economy.  The PD, which has split under Renzi s leadership, lags 5-Star by some 4 percentage points in most opinion polls, but no party or coalition is seen winning an outright majority at the election, which is expected to result in a hung parliament. ",1
11997,Nigerian oil union PENGASSAN suspends strike: union president,"ABUJA (Reuters) - A major Nigerian oil union suspended a nationwide strike on Monday, the same day it began, after a dispute resolution ended with a domestic oil and gas company recalling laid off staff, the union s president said. ",1
11998,Kurdish protesters set fire to party offices in northern Iraq,"SULAIMANIYAH, Iraq (Reuters) - Kurdish protesters, angered by years of austerity and unpaid public sector salaries, set fire to the offices of political parties near the city of Sulaimaniyah on Monday, demanding that Iraq s semi-autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) quit. Social media footage showed a building belonging to the ruling Kurdish Democratic Party (KDP) on fire and a spokesman for its coalition partner in government, the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK), told Reuters an office belonging to them was also set ablaze by protesters. Two other party offices were torched, local media reported. Reuters was able to independently verify only those fires at the KDP and PUK offices, but Iraqi state television reported that the offices of several Kurdish political parties had been set on fire, without naming the parties. Tension has been high in the region since the central government in Baghdad imposed tough measures when the KRG unilaterally held an independence referendum on Sept. 25 and Kurds voted overwhelmingly to secede. The move, in defiance of Baghdad, also alarmed neighboring Turkey and Iran who have their own Kurdish minorities. At least 3,000 Kurdish demonstrators had gathered in Sulaimaniyah for the protests on Monday against the KRG. Men and women carried signs in Kurdish, Arabic, and English telling the executive and legislative branches of the KRG that they wanted them gone, holding up red cards to further make their point.  Stop 26 years of robbery and wrong decisions,  one read. Teachers, hospital workers and other public sector employees demanded the regional government pay their wages. Some said they had not been paid in more than three years.  These protests are different from earlier ones because the Kurdish public are not asking the government for something, they are asking the executive and legislature to leave,  said protester Kameran Gulpi. In the decade following the 2003 U.S.-led invasion of Iraq, Kurdistan insulated itself against violence plaguing the rest of the country and enjoyed an economic boom fueled by rising Iraqi oil revenues, of which the region received a share. The bubble began to deflate in early 2014 when the Baghdad central government slashed funds to the KRG after it built its own oil pipeline to Turkey in pursuit of economic independence. After the September referendum, the Iraqi government responded by seizing Kurdish-held Kirkuk and other territory disputed between the Kurds and the central government. It also banned direct flights to Kurdistan and demanded control over border crossings. ",1
11999,Russia expects de Mistura to visit Moscow in 2017: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Gennady Gatilov said on Monday that U.N. mediator on Syria Staffan de Mistura might visit Moscow before the end of the year, RIA news agency cited Gatilov as saying. ",1
12000,U.S. citizen recaptured after Bali jail break,"DENPASAR, Indonesia (Reuters) - Indonesian police have recaptured a U.S. citizen who escaped a week ago from an overcrowded prison on the holiday island of Bali, the jail s second breakout of foreign inmates this year.  Cristian Beasley from California was rearrested on Sunday, Badung Police chief Yudith Satria Hananta said, without providing further details.  Beasley was a suspect in crimes related to narcotics but had not been sentenced when he escaped from Kerobokan prison in Bali last week. The 32-year-old is believed to have cut through bars in the ceiling of his cell before scaling a perimeter wall of the prison in an area being refurbished. The Kerobokan prison, about 10 km (six miles) from the main tourist beaches in the Kuta area, often holds foreigners facing drug-related charges. Representatives of Beasley could not immediately be reached for comment. In June, an Australian, a Bulgarian, an Indian and a Malaysian tunneled to freedom about 12 meters (13 yards) under Kerobokan prison s walls. The Indian and the Bulgarian were caught soon after in neighboring East Timor, but Australian Shaun Edward Davidson and Malaysian Tee Kok King remain at large. Davidson has taunted authorities by saying he was enjoying life in various parts of the world, in purported posts on Facebook.  Kerobokan has housed a number of well-known foreign drug convicts, including Australian Schappelle Corby, whose 12-1/2-year sentence for marijuana smuggling got huge media attention. ",1
12001,Kurdish authorities say Iraq forces preparing fresh attack; Iraq denies,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi forces are preparing a fresh attack on Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, the semi-autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) of northern Iraq said on Monday. A military spokesman in Baghdad denied that Iraqi forces were planning to resume an attack they began mid-October in retaliation for a September referendum on Kurdish independence. The Iraqi government put the offensive on hold at the end of October but the conflict with the KRG over land, oil resources and border control is still wide open. A statement from the KRG Security Council expressed  alarm  at the buildup of Iraqi forces in Makhmour, southwest of Erbil, the capital of the Kurdistan region. Baghdad demands the KRG cancel the result of the referendum, which delivered an overwhelming yes for independence, and to hand over control of land borders, airports and oil facilities of the Kurdistan region. The KRG has refused to cancel the referendum or to hand over the remaining oil facilities under its control, and is offering joint supervision of the land borders and airports. ",1
12002,"As Catalan vote looms, jailed leader offers olive branch to Spain","MADRID/BARCELONA (Reuters) - The jailed leader of Catalonia s main pro-independence party has backed away from demands for unilateral secession from Spain, days before a regional election that polls suggest will produce a hung parliament. The independence drive has tipped Spain into its worst political crisis since the return of democracy in the 1970s, dividing opinion in the region, denting an economic rebound and prompting a business exodus to other parts of the country. In reply to written questions from Reuters passed to him in prison where he is being held on allegations of rebellion and sedition, Oriol Junqueras struck a conciliatory tone. He wrote that he would continue to pursue independence if he became Catalonia s next president, but also  build bridges and shake hands  with representatives of the Spanish state.  I can assure you that we are democrats before we are separatists and that the aim (of gaining independence) does not always justify the means,  he said in comments that appeared to drop his party s earlier demand for unilateral secession. Junqueras  Esquerra Republicana (Republican Left) party is tipped to become the largest separatist force in parliament in Thursday s ballot, but surveys suggest neither the pro-independence nor the pro-unity camp will win a majority. He was deputy leader of the Catalan government that was sacked in October after the regional assembly unilaterally declared independence following a referendum that central authorities had deemed illegal. Madrid also dissolved the assembly and called fresh elections. The Spanish justice system s actions against the region s leaders has since then hamstrung the pro-independence camp and further muddied the electoral waters before Thursday s vote. Catalonia s ex-president Carles Puigdemont is campaigning from self-imposed exile in Brussels and Junqueras doing so from jail along with several other politicians. It is unclear if many of those likely to be elected will be able to attend parliament.  At separatist rallies across the capital Barcelona in recent days, many supporters appeared to recognize that forcing independence without Spain s consent was no longer an option. Instead, many favored pressuring Madrid into talks and gaining European Union approval for a negotiated split.  We can t continue unilaterally. We might lose more than we would gain,  said Carles Ortega, a 58-year-old consultant, at a rally at a sports center in Barcelona s outskirts that Puigdemont addressed via videolink. Final polls for the election expected to attract a record turnout showed Esquerra running neck-and-neck with pro-unity party Ciudadanos (Citizens), with both far short of the 68 seats needed to hold a majority. Esquerra previously formed a coalition government with Puigdemont s own center-right party, which leads the Junts per Catalunya platform (Together for Catalonia) which is seen coming third in the vote. The key for unionist and separatist factions will be winning over the regional offshoot of anti-austerity party Podemos, which supports unity but wants a referendum. Its leader favors a left-wing alliance across parties that both back and reject independence.  There is a rising risk that pro-independence parties fall a bit short and need to include Podemos and we get a softer push for independence within the institutions,  Peter Ceretti, an analyst at the Economist Intelligence Unit, said. The movement would rumble on, he said, and press Madrid on long-held demands for it to return more of Catalonia s tax revenue and recognize the region as a nation, rather than a nationality, in the Spanish constitution. Many Catalans worry about how the independence drive has obscured all other social issues and could harm the wealthy region s position as Spain s primary driver of economic growth and a magnet for foreign investment. Junqueras said if he was elected regional president he would pay heed to voters who opposed independence.  I would tell them everybody has to be respected and that differences always have to be resolved in a democratic way,  he said. ",1
12003,China defends trade with U.S. as Trump set to brand it a competitor,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s Foreign Ministry on Monday defended trade with the United States as a win-win scenario ahead of a speech by U.S. President Donald Trump laying out a new national security strategy that makes clear that China is a competitor. Trump has praised Chinese President Xi Jinping while also demanding that Beijing increase pressure on North Korea over its nuclear program and changes in trade practices to make them more favorable to the United States. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said she was unable to comment on the strategy until it was unveiled. But in principle, China hopes the strategy can play a constructive role in promoting world peace and stability and promoting China-U.S. strategic mutual trust, Hua told a daily news conference. The essence of China-U.S. trade and economic ties is mutually beneficial and win-win, directly and indirectly supporting 2.6 million U.S. jobs, she added.  In 2015, the profits of U.S. firms that invested in China reached $36.2 billion, and China will continue to support trade and investment liberalization, Hua said.  We are willing to work hard with the U.S. side to dedicate ourselves to building a robust, stable and healthy trade and economic relationship,  she added. That was in the interests of both sides and the expectation of the international community, Hua said.  The national security strategy to be rolled out in Trump s speech, should not be seen as a bid to contain China but rather to offer a clear-eyed look at the challenges it poses, said U.S. officials who spoke on condition of anonymity.  Trump made his first visit as president to China last month, where he lauded his meetings on trade and North Korea as  very productive . Washington has refrained from pushing harder on trade because it needs China s cooperation on North Korea, though Xi, at least in public when Trump was in Beijing, went no further than reiterating China s determination to achieve denuclearization through talks. China and the United States have also repeatedly clashed over trade issues, including state support for Chinese firms and intellectual property rights violations in China. On Friday, China s finance ministry said it would cut export taxes on some steel products and ditch those for sales abroad of steel wire, rod and bars from Jan. 1, stirring concern in the United States and Europe that the world s top steel producer may be looking to sell its excess product abroad. It follows a ministerial level G20 meeting in Berlin last month, where China and the United States remained at odds over how to tackle excess steel capacity. The global steel sector is worth about $900 billion a year. ",1
12004,German ex-rightist jailed for plotting Islamist attack on police,"BERLIN (Reuters) - A German court sentenced a 27-year-old German supporter of Islamic State to three years and three months in prison on Monday for plotting to lure police or soldiers into a trap and kill them with a home-made bomb. The ruling came with German authorities on high alert ahead of Tuesday s anniversary of an attack last year in which a failed Tunisian asylum-seeker plowed a truck into crowds at an outdoor Christmas market and killed 12 people. Prosecutors said the suspect, identified only as Sascha L., had carried out two successful tests of a home-made explosive device in his hometown in January.  An inquiry found two videos of the accused pledging allegiance to Islamic State s leader. However, the court ruled on Monday that there was no evidence that the man had a personal connection with the Islamist militia or that he was financially supported by the militia, German broadcaster NDR reported. NDR said the court granted him leniency since he cooperated with authorities after his arrest and confessed his plans.  German magazine Der Spiegel had reported that the man was part of the far-right scene in the past before converting to Salafism, an ultra-conservative Islamist creed. The man, who was arrested in February, admitted planning an attack. Chemicals that could be used to make explosive devices were found during a search of his home in the town of Northeim in central Germany. Three men charged as accomplices of the convicted man also appeared before the court. Two were convicted, with one sentenced to three years probation and the other to 100 hours of community service. The third person was acquitted.  Last week, German police raided nine locations in Berlin and the eastern state of Saxony Anhalt in an investigation of four people suspected of planning an Islamist-motivated attack.  ",1
12005,Bulgaria arrests gang suspected of smuggling migrants to Western Europe,"SOFIA (Reuters) - Bulgarian authorities have detained a gang suspected of smuggling migrants from Iraq, Iran and Syria to Western Europe from Turkey, prosecutors said on Monday. The gang of three Kurds and four Bulgarians was charged with smuggling offences after they transported migrants from Turkey into Serbia and Romania, both countries that border Bulgaria. One member of the group was still not detained, prosecutors said. South Eastern Europe was a key point of transit for more than 1 million migrants from the Middle East and Africa who came to Europe in 2015. Many came to escape conflict in Syria. Very few of them, however, stayed in Bulgaria, the European Union s poorest state. Instead, most prefer to journey onwards to wealthier western EU countries like Germany and Sweden. The influx provoked a political crisis for the European Union. Flows of migrants have diminished since then, though the bloc is yet to agree on a migration policy.  The evidence gathered indicates that the final destination of the migrants were Western Europe s countries,  a spokesman for the prosecutors office told Reuters, adding that some migrants came from countries other than Iraq, Iran and Syria. The migrants paid 2,000 euros ($2,360.60) each for their transportation from Turkey to the Bulgarian capital Sofia.  Bulgaria built a fence on its border with Turkey and has bolstered its border controls to prevent illegal migration. Last month Bulgarian authorities smashed another gang suspected of smuggling migrants into Western Europe. ($1 = 0.8472 euros) ",1
12006,Egypt security forces kill five suspected militants in north: ministry,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egyptian security forces on Monday killed five suspected militants and arrested 10 others in raids in the north of the country, the interior ministry said in a statement. The suspects had planned attacks against public infrastructure and Christians and had links with militants in North Sinai, it said. The raids took place in Alexandria and Qalyubiya provinces. Egypt has regularly carried out arrest raids and reported the killing of militant suspects in recent months as it fights a years-old Islamist insurgency in the remote North Sinai region. President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi ordered the army and security forces to restore order in Sinai within three months after an attack on a mosque in November that was the deadliest in Egypt s modern history. Islamic State is suspected to have conducted the attack in which more than 300 worshippers died. Security forces have also faced attacks from other Islamists in the west of the country, near the border with Libya. ",1
12007,Moldova recalls ambassador from Moscow as dispute escalates,"KIEV/CHISINAU (Reuters) - Moldova recalled its ambassador to Russia for consultations in response to the harassment and intimidation by Russian authorities of Moldovan politicians and officials, the Moldovan foreign ministry said on Monday. Moldova and Russia have been embroiled in a series of rows this year, including tit-for-tat expulsions of each other s diplomats in May and Moldova declaring the Russian deputy prime minister persona non grata in August.  The Chisinau government says its officials are being mistreated partly to derail a Moldovan investigation into an alleged Russian-led money laundering operation. Russia has accused Moldova of  some openly anti-Russian actions . In announcing the ambassador s recall, the Moldovan Foreign Ministry said in a statement on its website:  We will look for ways to overcome the current situation so that in the future such actions are avoided, which can spoil Moldovan-Russian relations, which the Moldovan side wants to be friendly, trusting and based on respect for each other.     Ex-Soviet Moldova is politically divided between a pro-Western government, which favors closer integration with the European Union, and Russian-backed President Igor Dodon. In December the head of Moldova s ruling party, Vlad Plahotniuc, accused Russian authorities of harassing him and other officials with dozens of bogus legal cases intended to put him on international law enforcement watch lists.  ",1
12008,Israel strikes Hamas targets in Gaza after Palestinian rocket attacks,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - The Israeli military said it attacked a Hamas training compound in Gaza on Monday in response to rocket strikes from the Palestinian enclave, which have surged since U.S. President Donald Trump recognized Jerusalem as Israel s capital on Dec 6. Neither side reported any casualties in the overnight shelling exchange, which occurred days before U.S. Vice President Mike Pence visits Israel and neighboring Egypt, which also borders Gaza and is involved in its internal politics. Militants in Gaza, territory controlled by the Hamas Islamist group, have launched more than a dozen rockets into southern Israel over the last two weeks, the most intensive attacks since a seven-week-long Gaza war in 2014. Two rockets were fired late on Sunday, one of them exploding inside an Israeli border community and the other hitting an open area, the military said. Another rocket launched early on Monday fell short inside Gaza, it said. Three structures in a Hamas training camp were hit in the Israeli counter-strike, the military said. Hamas usually evacuates such facilities when tensions rise, and Israel s choice of the low-profile target appeared to signal a desire to avoid more serious confrontation with the group.  Israel does not seek escalation,  Justice Minister Ayelet Shaked said on Army Radio. But Zeev Elkin, another member of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu s security cabinet, said in an interview with the radio station that Israel s military response would  have to be harshened  if the rocket fire did not stop. Israeli officials have blamed the fire on smaller militant groups in Gaza and called on Hamas to rein them in. Should Hamas fail to do so, both Shaked and Elkin said, Israel could eventually target the group s leadership for attack.    ",1
12009,Palestinians may seek U.N. Assembly support if U.S. vetoes Jerusalem resolution: envoy,"DUBAI (Reuters) - The Palestinian leadership may turn to the U.N. General Assembly if Washington vetoes a draft U.N. Security Council resolution to reaffirm Jerusalem s status as unresolved, after President Donald Trump s decision to recognize it as Israel s capital. The Palestinian United Nations envoy raised this option in remarks published in Saudi daily Arab News on Monday, ahead of a Security Council vote on an Egyptian-drafted resolution about Jerusalem s status which the United States is expected to veto. The draft says any  decisions and actions which purport to have altered the character, status or demographic composition of the Holy City of Jerusalem have no legal effect, are null and void and must be rescinded . Trump s Dec. 6 decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital and to move the U.S. Embassy to the city has provoked widespread anger and protests among Palestinians as well as broad international criticism, including from top U.S. allies. Israel says Jerusalem is its indivisible capital. It captured East Jerusalem in the 1967 Middle East war and annexed it in a move never recognized internationally. Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of a future state they seek in territory Israel captured a half century ago.  Arab News quoted Ambassador Riyad Mansour as saying that the Palestinians and Egyptians have worked closely with Security Council members while drafting the resolution to ensure that it gets overwhelming support.  The Europeans in particular asked us to avoid terms like  denounce  and  condemn,  and not to mention the U.S. by name,  it quoted Mansour as saying.  We acceded to their request but kept the active clauses rejecting all changes to Jerusalem and the reaffirmation of previous decisions.  Israel has long accused the United Nations of bias against it in its conflict with the Palestinians and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu praised Trump s move again on Sunday.  The Palestinians have the option of invoking a rarely-used article of the U.N. Charter that calls for parties to a dispute not to cast a veto, Arab News said. But, it said, they are more likely to take the issue to the General Assembly under Resolution 377A, known as the  Uniting for Peace  resolution. Resolution 377A was passed in 1950 and used to authorize the deployment of U.S. troops to fight in the Korean war. Mansour said Palestinians resorted to the  Uniting for Peace  resolution in the 1990s after Israel began building a settlement on Jabal Abut Ghnaim, a hilltop on occupied West Bank land south of Jerusalem, but left that session in suspension. However, they could seek a resumption of the session, he said.  If the resolution is vetoed, the Palestinian delegation can send a letter to the U.N. Secretary General and ask him to resume the emergency session,  he said, according to Arab News. ",1
12010,"Scuffles, flares as Albania picks interim prosecutor","TIRANA (Reuters) - Opposition lawmakers threw a flare at Albania s interim prosecutor general as she took the oath of office in parliament on Monday while their supporters scuffled with police outside. Several protesters and policemen were hurt as the crowd tried to get inside the chamber, egged on by one lawmaker. It later dispersed.  Arta Marku, 41, was elected as interim prosecutor general with 69 votes from the ruling Socialist Party. Albania is rebuilding its judiciary to enable it to fight  corruption but the body to elect a prosecutor general has yet to be set up because the reform has dragged on. Under pressure from the European Union to crack down on  crime and graft, the Socialists chose to elect an interim prosecutor. The opposition was enraged because it says a prosecutor should be installed once some 800 judges and prosecutors are vetted and elected with three-fifths of votes in parliament. Democratic Party head Lulzim Basha accused Prime Minister Edi Rama of a constitutional  putsch  in an effort to protect corrupt officials, including his former interior minister.  We shall not become the facade of this criminal autocracy,  Basha told the crowd. He called for protests in January. The Socialists say the opposition Democrats rejected dialogue despite several offers this month.  Electing a prosecutor with our votes was legitimate, constitutional, and this was confirmed by the U.S. and EU teams assisting the reform of the judiciary,  Rama told reporters. The European Commission has made it clear to Albania it wants to see results in the fight against crime and corruption before asks its members to approve accession talks with Tirana.     ",1
12011,Myanmar military says investigating mass grave in Rakhine state,"YANGON (Reuters) - Myanmar s army said on Monday that security forces have discovered a mass grave on the edge of a village in Rakhine State, and have launched an investigation. A violent crackdown by the security forces in response to attacks by militants in the state has caused around 650,000 Rohingya Muslims to flee to Bangladesh in recent months.   In a statement posted on the Facebook page of the military s commander-in-chief, Senior General Min Aung Hlaing, the army said the unidentified bodies had been found at the cemetery in the village of Inn Din, about 50 km (30 miles) north of state capital Sittwe. It did not say how many bodies were uncovered.    A preliminary investigation was done by the security forces following a report, by someone who asked not to be named, of people being killed and buried,  the army said.    As a result of the investigations, unidentified bodies were found at the Inn Din village cemetery and a detailed investigation is being conducted to get to the truth,  according to the statement on Facebook, which the army often uses to make announcements.   When contacted by Reuters, military spokesman Colonel Myat Min Oo declined to give further details. The village is in Maungdaw township, one of the areas worst affected by the violence that has prompted the United Nations  top human rights official to allege that Myanmar s security forces may have committed genocide against the Rohingya.   Myanmar s armed forces launched what they termed clearance operations in northern Rakhine, where many of the stateless Muslim minority lived, after Rohingya militants attacked 30 police posts and an army base on Aug. 25.   Rights monitors have accused troops of atrocities, including killings, mass rape and arson during those operations. The United States has said it amounted to  ethnic cleansing .   The Myanmar military has said its own internal investigation had exonerated security forces of all accusations of atrocities.   Myanmar s civilian leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, has faced fierce international criticism for failing to do more to protect the Rohingya.   The civilian government, which has no control over the military, has said the army was engaged in legitimate counter-insurgency operations. It has promised to investigate allegations of abuses in Rakhine if it is given evidence. ",1
12012,"As Syrian couples say 'I do,' Lebanon says 'No, not quite'","BEKAA, Lebanon (Reuters) - In a tent in Lebanon surrounded by snow, Syrian refugees Ammar and Khadija were married by a tribal leader from their homeland in a wedding they would soon come to regret. What they had hoped would be a milestone on the path back to normal life became the start of a bureaucratic nightmare. One year on, it shows no sign of ending for them, their newly born son or for many other refugees from Syria, whose misery at losing their homes has been compounded by a new fear they may never be able to return. It is a dilemma with knock-on effects for stability in Lebanon, sheltering more than a million Syrian refugees, and potentially for other countries in the Middle East and Europe they may flee to if tension spills over. After they had agreed their union with the sheikh in the insulated tent that had become home to Khadija s family, the newlyweds both spent months digging potatoes in the Bekaa valley, one of Lebanon s poorest districts, to make ends meet. Only after they had a baby boy, Khalaf, did they realize the wedding had been a mistake. When the couple went to register his birth at the local registry, they were told they could not because they had no official marriage certificate. Without registration, Khalaf is not entitled to a Syrian passport or other ID enabling him to go there. Without proper paperwork, he also risks future detention in Lebanon. Asked why they did not get married by an approved religious authority, Ammar and Khadija looked at each other before answering:  We didn t know.  Laws and legislation seem very remote from the informal settlements in the northern Bekaa Valley, where Syrian refugee tents sit on the rocky ground amongst rural tobacco fields. Marriages by unregistered sheikhs are common but hard to quantify because authorities often never hear of them. For whereas in Syria, verbal tribal or religious marriages are easy to register, Lebanon has complex and costly procedures. You first need to be married by a sheikh approved by one of the various religious courts that deal with family matters, who gives you a contract. Then you have to get a marriage certificate from a local notary, transfer it to the local civil registry and register it at the Foreigners  Registry. Most Syrians do not complete the process, as it requires legal residency in the country, which must be renewed annually and costs $200, although the fee was waived for some refugees this year. Now they have had a child, Ammar and Khadija also need to go through an expensive court case. The casual work Ammar depends on   picking potatoes, onions or cucumbers in five hour shifts starting at 6 am   pays 6,000 LBP ($4) a day, not enough to live on, let alone put aside.  One bag of diapers costs 10,000 liras,  he said. Sally Abi Khalil, Country Director in Lebanon for UK-based charity Oxfam, said 80 percent of Syrian refugees do not have valid residency, one of the main reasons why they do not register their marriages, alongside the issue of the sheikhs.  Babies born to couples who didn t register their marriage risk becoming stateless,  she said. D-REUTERSNEWS-T004/I41a553a0111811e6b2f6d9823502ce72 Refugees can only legally make money if they have a work permit, which requires legal residency, a Catch 22 situation partially tackled in February when the fee was waived for those registered with the UNHCR prior to 2015 and without a previous Lebanese sponsor. Lebanon s Directorate General of Personal Status took another step to help the refugees on September 12, when it issued a memo which waived the parents  and child s residency prerequisite for birth registration, it said. But if you are married by an unauthorized sheikh, which includes all Syrian sheikhs, the process is more complicated, made worse by a clock ticking over the fate of your offspring, whose birth has to be registered within a year.  In registering marriages, the biggest problem we faced was the sheikh,  said Rajeh, a Syrian refugee, speaking for his community in a village in southern Lebanon.  In Syria, the child would be ten years old and you can register him in one day.  If the one-year deadline is missed in Lebanon, parents have to open a civil court case estimated to cost more than one hundred dollars and still requiring legal residency, which Ammar and Khadija, who met in the informal settlement, do not have. Legal residency becomes a requirement in Lebanon at the age of 15. At that point, many Syrians pull their children from school and do not let them stray far from the house or neighborhood for fear they will be stopped and detained. More than half of those who escaped the Syrian conflict that began in 2011 are under 18 years old, and around one in six are babies and toddlers, said Tina Gewis, a legal specialist from the Norwegian Refugee Council. Politicians pressured by some Lebanese saying the country has carried too much of the burden of the refugee crisis are pushing harder for the return of the displaced to Syria, raising the stakes since documentation is required for repatriation. If they have used an unauthorized sheikh, couples are encouraged to redo their marriages, said Sheikh Wassim Yousef al-Falah, Beirut s sharia (Islamic law) judge, who said the court s case load had tripled with the influx of Syrian refugees. But that is not an option for Ammar and Khadija because a pregnancy or the birth of a child rules that option out. Gewis said that in any case new marriages risked complicating future inheritance or other legal issues and costs were prohibitive, with courts charging up to $110 to register even straightforward marriages by an approved sheikh. Ziad al Sayegh, a senior advisor in Lebanon s newly-formed Ministry of State for Displaced Affairs said Beirut was keen to help the refugees overcome their difficulties.  We don t want them to be stateless, because if you re stateless you have a legal problem that will affect the child and affect the host country,  he said. ",1
12013,Factbox: Key policies of Austria's conservative/far-right coalition,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Ministers from Austria s main conservative People s Party (OVP) and the anti-immigration Freedom Party (FPO) were sworn in on Monday, making it the only western European country with a far-right component in its governing coalition. Below are some of the policies that new chancellor Sebastian Kurz s OVP and Heinz-Christian Strache s FPO have already agreed on. For the entire program in German please click [here] ** Oppose deeper political integration among EU members states, seek to have more powers returned to national governments. Oppose Turkey s bid to join the EU. ** Rule out a referendum on Austrian membership of the EU. ** Move some departments that deal with European affairs, including the task force preparing Austria s EU presidency in the second half of 2018, to the chancellery headed by Kurz. (The FPO will take control of the Foreign Ministry). ** Push for more relaxed relationship between West and Russia. ** Introduce tougher minimum sentences for violent and sex crimes. ** Make fighting political Islam a priority. ** Secure Austria s borders nationally to stop illegal immigration until the EU has secured external frontiers. ** Put around 2,100 more policemen on the streets. ** Extend the maximum working day to 12 hours from 10. ** Facilitate immigration only for qualified workers in sectors that are struggling to find suitable Austrian employees. ** Simplify administrative framework in highly federalized Austria. ** Support construction of third runway at Vienna Airport. ** Focus on improving test results in basic skills such as reading, writing and numeracy, allow children to start school only if their German is good enough. ** Cut social benefits for parents who fail to comply with certain requirements, like ensuring attendance and that their child speaks German well enough. ** Cut public spending to fund tax cuts. Kurz and Strache repeatedly said during their campaigns that they planned to cut public spending by around 12 billion euros ($14.1 billion). ** Reduce corporate tax burden, for example by exempting profit reinvested in Austria. ** Not introduce wealth or inheritance taxes. ** Introduce public  debt brake  in the constitution. ** Push, also at a European level, for higher taxes on online transactions with foreign companies. ** Block newcomers from accessing many social services in Austria in their first five years in the country. ** Cap the main basic benefit payment at 1,500 euros a month for families and provide refugees with a  light  version of regular benefits. ** Cut benefits for refugees and turn cash payments into benefits in kind so as to minimize what they say is a  pull factor  attracting immigrants to the country. ** Reform the state pension system to reflect Austria s ageing population. ** Give families a tax cut worth 1,500 euros per child per year. ** Merge Austria s 22 public health and other social security funds into five entities to cut administrative costs. ** Produce 100 percent of Austria s power from renewable sources by 2030, compared with roughly 33 percent at present, and keep the national ban on nuclear power plants.  ** Gradual introduction of legislation to allow a referendum to take place if at least 900,000 voters support the issue. ** Rule out referendums on Austrian membership of the EU; support the European-Canadian trade deal CETA. ** Overturn a ban on smoking in bars and restaurants that is due to come into effect in May 2018.  ($1 = 0.8497 euros) ",1
12014,Merkel wants outline coalition deal with SPD by mid-January,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Monday she wanted to conclude exploratory talks on a possible coalition with the center-left Social Democrats (SPD) by mid-January to end Germany s political deadlock. Merkel was asked if comments by her and President Emmanuel Macron that Germany and France hope to make progress on ideas to reform the euro zone by March were realistic, given the risk that talks with the SPD could falter.  I mentioned March because we want to hold exploratory talks by mid-January,  Merkel told reporters after a meeting of the executive board of her Christian Democrats (CDU). Merkel s conservative bloc, weakened in a September election that produced a splintered parliament, will hold their first meeting with the SPD on Wednesday. A deal with the SPD is Merkel s best chance of securing a fourth term as chancellor. She implied there was room for maneuver on policy, but appeared to rule out cooperation outside the framework of a formal coalition. If the exploratory talks are successful, the SPD will move on to negotiate a detailed blueprint with the CDU and its Bavarian sister party, the CSU, setting out government policy for the next four years.  The SPD agreed to enter talks only reluctantly after voters rewarded it in September for the last four years of  grand coalition  under Merkel by handing it its worst result since 1933. Some in the SPD now want to cooperate with Merkel outside of a formal coalition agreement, in the hope of better preserving a more distinct separate identity in voters  minds. But Merkel said a stable government required formal agreements on policy:  Anything short of that would mean the exploratory talks were not successful.  Should Merkel and SPD leader Martin Schulz fail to reach an agreement, President Frank-Walter Steinmeier could call a new election, something neither party wants as both fear the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) would make more gains. SPD General Secretary Lars Klingbeil warned Merkel on Monday that party leaders would not win the required blessing from members for renewing their alliance if the SPD gave way on key election promises. He said it would insist on distinctive leftist policies, such as introducing a single  citizen s insurance  to replace the current dual system: superior private health insurance used mainly by the wealthy, and a more widely accessible public health insurance. Conservatives say switching to a unified system would erode competition and worsen services. But Merkel said on Monday that it was possible to find common ground with the SPD on ways to improve the healthcare system. Immigration is another sticking point. The SPD opposes a conservative plan to prolong a halt to the right of some accepted asylum seekers to bring in family members. It says the measure hampers efforts to integrate the 1.6 million people who entered Germany seeking asylum in 2015 and 2016.  Integration works only with families,  Klingbeil said. The CSU, which fears losses to the AfD in an election in Bavaria next year, is likely to put up more resistance to SPD policy demands than the CDU, notably on immigration. ",1
12015,Landslides kill 26 in storm-hit Philippine province: local officials,"MANILA (Reuters) - At least 26 people were killed while several residents were missing in an island province in central Philippines after tropical storm Kai-tak brought heavy rains that triggered landslides, local authorities and media said on Sunday. Kai-tak cut power supplies in many areas, forced the cancellation of several flights, stranded more than 15,000 people in various ports in the region and prompted nearly 88,000 people to seek shelter in evacuation centers. The Provincial Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Office of Biliran island said 26 residents had died, but the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council (NDRRMC) has yet to make any official announcement about fatalities. Biliran Governor Gerardo Espina Jr confirmed the deaths in an interview with DZMM radio, with 23 people still missing, he said.  We received reports of three deaths coming from the DILG (Department of the Interior and Local Government) but these are for confirmation,  said NDRRMC spokeswoman Romina Marasigan.  We are still trying to check the others.  Many areas were flooded, damaging crops and infrastructure. Kai-tak has weakened to a tropical depression after  barrelling through the eastern region of Visayas on Saturday, hitting islands and coastal towns such as Tacloban City where supertyphoon Haiyan claimed 8,000 lives in 2013. Locally known as Urduja, Kai-tak was packing winds of 55  kilometers (31 miles) per hour with gusts of up to 80 km/h, according to a weather bureau bulletin issued at 2000 GMT. ",1
12016,UK's Prince William's daughter Charlotte to start at nursery next year,"LONDON (Reuters) - Princess Charlotte, the daughter of Britain s Prince William and wife Kate, is to start at a nursery school near the family home in west London early next year, her father s office said on Monday. The two-year-old, fourth-in-line to the British throne behind her father, whose official title is Duke of Cambridge, her elder brother George and grandfather Prince Charles, will attend the Willcocks Nursery School in Kensington.  We are delighted that The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have chosen the Willcocks Nursery School for Princess Charlotte,  the school said in a statement.  We look forward to welcoming Charlotte to our nursery in January.   On its website the school, rated as  outstanding  by government inspectors, describes itself as traditional, saying it  strives to maintain its ethos for high standards, excellence and good manners . Fees are 3,050 pounds ($4,072) per term for mornings and 1,800 pounds for afternoons. Unlike previous senior royals, Prince William attended nursery school as a child.  His son George made the step up from nursery to primary school in September when he began at Thomas s Battersea, a private school in southwest London which is also close to the family s Kensington Palace home. As well as announcing news of Charlotte s new school, William and Kate released a new portrait photograph of their family which adorns their Christmas cards this year. Kate is pregnant with the couple s third child with the new royal baby due in April. ($1 = 0.7490 pounds) ",1
12017,Hearing into murder of Malta journalist case struggles to start,"VALLETTA (Reuters) - A second magistrate in less than a week has recused herself from hearing court evidence in Malta against three men accused of the murder of anti-corruption blogger Daphne Caruana Galizia. The double abstention has jeopardized the launch of judicial proceedings against the three men and underscored the interwoven nature of public life on the Mediterranean island of Malta - the smallest nation in the European Union. The initial magistrate assigned to the case stood down last Thursday after defense lawyers complained that she knew one of Caruana Galizia s sisters and had sent her condolences following the Oct. 16 killing. On Monday, a replacement magistrate, Charmaine Galea, said she was also withdrawing from the case because the blogger had written about her and her alleged connections to the government. She said that justice had to be done and be seen to be done. A new magistrate was subsequently assigned to the suit and the preliminary hearing was scheduled to resume on Tuesday.  Under Maltese law, the compilation of evidence must be presented within a 30-day time frame and a lawyer for Caruana Galizia s family warned the delays could sink the case. The trio were charged on Dec. 4, giving the court until Jan. 4 to hear the evidence and decide whether to call a trial. The three suspects, brothers Alfred and George Degiorgio, and Vince Muscat have denied any wrongdoing. The three were known to local police and had never been the target of any of Caruana Galizia s often fierce blogs. Caruana Galizia was killed instantly when the car she was driving was blown up. According to Maltese media, the three suspects were arrested on the basis of phone intercepts and analysis of triangulation data showing their locations at the time of the murder.  The reports said one of the suspects had to call a local telecom company shortly before the bomb went off to top up the credit on the mobile phone that was used to detonate the explosives - a error that led police straight to the trio.  The government has announced a one-million-euro ($1.2-million) reward to anyone giving enough information for convictions. Caruana Galizia s family have denounced the handling of the case and expressed fears that those behind the murder will never be brought to justice. ($1 = 0.8482 euros) ",1
12018,India ruling party pulls ahead in election in Modi state after tight race,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India s ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) was set to win an election in Prime Minister Narendra Modi s home state on Monday, the vote count showed, but with a reduced margin, which will be a boost for the opposition. A combined opposition led by the Congress party had mounted a tough challenge in the western state of Gujarat, hoping to weaken Modi in his home base by exploiting discontent over a lack of jobs and a national sales tax that hit business. The BJP won more than 100 seats in the 182-member state assembly, projections by India Today, CNN News18 and TimesNow showed. A party needs 92 seats to rule the state. Congress, led by Rahul Gandhi, who formally took over as party president at the weekend, was set to win more than 70 seats, far better than it had done in the past. A relieved BJP said Modi s popularity remained intact.  There is no other leader close,  said Shyam Jaju, party vice president.  The mood in the BJP headquarters in New Delhi and in Gujarat s main city Ahmedabad was initially tense as early trends showed a close fight.  But later workers gathered to shout slogans and cheer victory.  Modi s party was also ahead in Himachal Pradesh, the Himalayan state in the north also voting for a new state assembly. Modi faces a general election in 2019, but before then, the opposition aims to slow down Modi s momentum in state elections, with two more next year. Businesses across India have been struggling with the poor implementation of a goods and services tax that aims to harmonize an array of state and federal taxes but entangled them in cumbersome procedures. Modi s shock ban of high-value currency notes in November last year, as part of his fight against corruption, also disrupted small business that forms the bedrock of his support base. Indian stock markets opened weaker, with the 50-share NSE index down almost 2 percent as early trends showed a close contest in Gujarat.  But stocks reversed the losses later - the 50-share NSE index was trading up 0.7 percent at 0455 GMT. The partially convertible rupee was trading at 64.32/33 to the dollar versus its previous close of 64.04. The rupee had dropped to a low of 64.74 in early trade. Almost all pre-vote and exit polls had predicted a comfortable victory, but the polls have often gone wrong in the past. To ensure his party s prospects, Modi addressed dozens of rallies during his campaign in Gujarat, performed rituals and even waved from a seaplane on his last day on the campaign trail.  If they had lost Gujarat, the BJP would have collapsed like a pack of cards,  said Congress member Sharmistha Mukherjee.  This is their citadel, they threw everything at it.   In the Congress party office in Ahmedabad, posters of Rahul Gandhi were being pasted on the wall.   Rahul Gandhi s hard work has paid off in the state and it proves that Modi s governance is not making anyone happy,  said a Congress leader, Shaktisinh Gohil.   ",1
12019,Zimbabwe army leaves streets a month after Mugabe's ouster,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s army declared an end on Monday to the military intervention that ousted Robert Mugabe, promising to shut down their last roadblocks in the capital and hand over to police. The armed soldiers who took to the streets during last month s de facto coup had largely disappeared from the city center by Monday afternoon. Just a handful could be seen standing around with civilian police.  Normalcy has now returned to our country. It is for this reason that ... we announce the end of Operation Restore Legacy today,  Commander Phillip Sibanda said, referring to the name of the intervention which the army said targeted criminals in the entourage of the 93-year-old leader and his wife, Grace. Civic groups have been urging the soldiers to leave the streets since Mugabe s former deputy, Emmerson Mnangagwa, was sworn in to replace him as president of the southern African country on Nov. 24. Defence Forces Commander General Constantino Chiwenga, who spearheaded the de facto coup, was initially billed to address reporters, but he did not turn up and no explanation was given for his absence. He is widely seen as a contender to become vice president - a post that Mnangagwa has promised to fill in the next few days. Mnangagwa made three generals members of the ruling ZANU-PF party s executive Politburo on Friday. ",1
12020,Russia to help Syria rebuild energy facilities - Russian Deputy PM," OSCOW (Reuters) - Russia will be the only country to take part in rebuilding Syrian energy facilities, Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin said on Monday, after holding talks in Syria with President Bashar al-Assad, the RIA news agency reported. Rogozin was speaking a week after President Vladimir Putin ordered  a significant part  of Moscow s military contingent in Syria start withdrawing, declaring their work largely done. His comments offered a glimpse of how Moscow hopes it can be involved in Syria s economy, which has been badly damaged by six years of conflict.  The Syrian leadership would like to only cooperate with Russia ... in rebuilding all of the country s energy facilities,  RIA quoted Rogozin as saying.  Mr. President Bashar al-Assad said today that Syria has no desire to work with companies from countries which betrayed Syria at a certain moment,  he was cited as saying. The Interfax news agency also quoted Rogozin as saying that Russia and Syria would create a joint company to exploit a Syrian phosphates deposit, while RIA cited him as saying that Moscow planned to use Syrian sea ports to import Russian grain for Syria and other countries like Iraq.       These are very important agreements which will allow us to win this war,  Interfax quoted Rogozin as saying. ",1
12021,Suspect in Stockholm truck attack to stand trial in February,"STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Rakhmat Akilov, who has confessed to driving a truck that killed five people in an attack in Sweden s capital Stockholm, will stand trial in February, the main prosecutor in the case said on Monday.  In April, the hijacked truck sped down a busy street in Stockholm and mowed down shoppers before crashing into a department store, killing three Swedes, a British citizen and a person from Belgium. The youngest victim was 11. The preliminary investigation is almost complete, Deputy Chief Prosecutor Hans Ihrman at the National Security Unit said.  As it looks at the moment, we will be able to start the trial at the beginning of February,  he told TV4.  There is one suspect, no others.  Akilov, a failed asylum seeker from Uzbekistan, was subject to a deportation order at the time of the attack.  He was taken into custody just hours afterwards. His lawyer said he had confessed to committing a terrorist crime. Under Sweden s legal system, he has yet to be charged. When he is charged, he will face a full trial. Ihrman said the trial was likely to take a couple of months. ",1
12022,After UK's Grenfell Tower fire deaths review calls for culture change,"LONDON (Reuters) - An interim review into UK building regulations commissioned after the Grenfell Tower social housing block fire in London which killed 71 people in June, has called for a  culture change  in respect to fire safety. The review, sponsored by the Department For Communities and Local Government (DCLG), said the building industry aimed for  minimum compliance , that enforcement measures were poor and that competence levels among builders and regulators was weak.  It has become clear that the whole system of regulation, covering what is written down and the way in which it is enacted in practice, is not fit for purpose, leaving room for those who want to take shortcuts to do so,  the review said. The Grenfell fire was started by a fridge-freezer but spread quickly, partly because of the use of flammable cladding panels which were afixed to the outside of the 24-storey building, experts have said. The contractor who retrofitted the external insulation on the building said the work was compliant but the manufacturer of the cladding panels had advised in marketing material that non-flammable variants should be used on tall buildings. The building industry s own guidance document said cladding should be able to pass the so-called BS 8414 combustibilty test, which is also stipulated in the building regulations. When tested by DCLG this summer the panels used at Grenfell failed this test. A Reuters review published last week found that 60 high-rise buildings had been fitted with the same kind of cladding as Grenfell since 2006. [nL8N1O120P] The interim report published on Monday, led by Judith Hackitt, a former civil servant and chair of EEF, a manufacturing trade body, also said the building regulations should be clearer. Some industry figures have advocated more specific rules, such as the banning of any flammable materials from the outside of tall buildings. However, many safety experts across different industries say that highly specific rules can invite a box-ticking approach and the emergence of loopholes. After the Piper Alpha offshore oil platform disaster which killed 167 workers in 1988, Britain introduced the  safety case  offshore regulations.  Rather than specify how to be safe, these said rig operators needed to be able to demonstrate that their practices were safe, taking account of industry understanding of risks. The Hackitt review is based on discussions with building contractors, officials and housing authorities about flaws in the current system on the regulations.  The DCLG declined to say if it planned to conduct an anlysis of the root causes of the failings at Grenfell or other housing blocks. Experts say root cause analyses are the best way to identify what failed in a system and therefore, what needs to be fixed. ",1
12023,Lebanon detains Uber driver suspected of murdering British embassy worker: security official,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - A Lebanese taxi driver with a previous arrest for drug use has confessed to killing a British woman who worked at the British Embassy in Beirut, a senior Lebanese security official said on Monday. A second security source said preliminary investigations into the murder of Rebecca Dykes showed the motive was purely criminal, not political. The suspect, who worked for the Uber [UBER.UL] taxi service, had immediately confessed to the crime, which took place early on Saturday, the source said. The senior security official said the suspect was 41 years old and had been arrested on drug-related charges in the period 2015-17, which the official said might not show up on his judicial record. The second security source said the suspect had a criminal record but gave no details.  Lebanon s state news agency NNA identified the suspect by the first name Tariq and the initial H, and said he had picked Dykes up in his taxi in Beirut s Gemmayzeh district on Friday evening before assaulting and killing her. Uber declined to confirm the suspect s name or how long he had been driving for the service.  The incident was the latest to highlight the issue of safety at Uber in various countries around the world.  We are horrified by this senseless act of violence. Our hearts are with the victim and her family,  said Uber spokesman Harry Porter.  We are working with authorities to assist their investigation in any way we can.   Porter said the company uses commercially licensed taxi drivers in Lebanon, and the government carries out background checks and grants licenses.  Only drivers that have clean background checks and clean judicial records are licensed, he said. The suspect s background check did not show any convictions, or he would not have been licensed, Porter said. Police traced the suspect s car through highway surveillance cameras, they said. Police only said they had arrested a suspect and that it was not a political crime. Dykes, who was strangled, was found by a main highway outside Beirut, a security source said on Sunday. She worked at the British Embassy for the Department for International Development.   The whole embassy is deeply shocked, saddened by this news,  Britain s ambassador to Lebanon, Hugo Shorter, said on Sunday.  We are devastated by the loss of our beloved Rebecca,  Dykes  family said in a statement. We are doing all we can to understand what happened.  In September, San Francisco-based Uber was stripped of its operating license in London over concerns about its approach to reporting serious criminal offences and background checks on drivers.  In India, the company was sued twice by a woman who was raped in 2014 by an Uber driver, first for failing to maintain basic safety procedures and again alleging executives improperly obtained her medical records. The Uber driver was convicted of the rape and sentenced in 2015 to life in prison. Uber settled the first lawsuit and has agreed to settle the second. In Brazil, a company policy of accepting cash payments for rides made drivers the target of robbery and murder. Following a Reuters investigation, Uber in February rolled out new safety requirements, including requiring new cash users to register with a social security number. And in Houston, Texas, a 2016 city investigation found that Uber s background checks were so insufficient the company cleared drivers with criminal histories including murder, assault and 17 other crimes. Uber is facing a host of problems, including allegations of sexual harassment, data privacy violations and a lawsuit and criminal investigation over alleged trade-secrets theft. New Chief Executive Officer Dara Khosrowshahi, who replaced co-founder Travis Kalanick in August, has been critical of past practices and vowed a new era of compliance. The company is in the midst of a stock sale in which Softbank Group will take a stake in the company ahead of an anticipated 2019 initial public offering.   ",1
